-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v18lx/i_wrote_a_list_of_how_alcohol_has_served_me/

None of the things on my list were funny or joyous. They represented someone who was angry. Someone who was tired. They represented an alcoholic...Claiming to be an alcoholic is a bold statement. But I'm learning that alcoholism is a spectrum and I've been floating along that spectrum for years...I've tried to moderate and I have failed. I've given up alcohol for 30 days before and I picked it up the following day. My desire to drink is always present and it is deep. Far more psychological than it is physical...I am so afraid to  out  myself because this means that I will probably never drink again and that thought terrifies me. But how could I after saying these things out loud?..I think about drinking every single day...I get angry at myself when I'm drunk...I have cheated on a boyfriend...I have gotten arrested...I have driven drunk...I have stolen a friends car...I have woken up to someone having sex with me...I have gained weight...I have missed work...I have missed exams...I have missed going snowboarding early...I have missed going on sunrise hikes...I have hidden bottles from roommates and family...I have skipped meals so I could justify consuming the calories in alcohol form...I have walked into the wrong apartment...I have stolen things...I have lost my phone my wallet and my keys...I have wandered off into woods and onto city streets...I have blacked out more times than I can count...I have peed on myself...I have thrown up on myself...I have drank alone more in the past year than I have actually drank with someone...I drink when I'm happy...I drink when I'm sad...I drink when I'm bored...In my mind every occasion and emotion pairs well with alcohol. But I have only suppressed pain and I realize I have also suppressed happiness...I am an alcoholic. Everything in my life wants me to deny this. My weekend activities my friends my family and myself...There is no better time than now to surrender. I am making the decision to no longer drink. It's an easy choice to make today. But it is the hardest choice I will have to make every single following day. Not just for 30 days. Not just during the week but for the rest of my life. And I will do whatever it takes. Transparency accountability struggle and work. This is my first step being transparent. ..Alcohol can longer be a driving force in my world. There's no perfect timing and there's no perfect environment to stop drinking. I am making this decision for myself. I deserve this gift of freedom...Maybe nothing dramatic or drastic will happen. But nothing happening would be so much better than continuing to drink.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you're making the right decision even though it's tough and I can relate to quite a bit of it.  If you're interested I recommend checking out Jason Vale's book "Kick The Drink... Easily".   I really connected with that book and the way it explained things helped change some of my thought processes. It may not be perfect for you but it's worth a try.  I can explain more about it if you're interested...Either way congrats on taking the important step towards a better life.
I can truly relate to your list. I've done some really terrible things drunk or trying to get there or trying to recover. It's such a screwed up cycle. I try to really take it just one day at a time. I know it's a standard line but I think for me at least it's really important. If I start dwelling in the future too much (I won't be able to drink at the Christmas party in a month) or reliving the past (I'm a terrible person. Look what I've done) it's just too much. But if I just keep my mind set on today or sometimes the moment it seems easier. Good luck. I care. I will not drink with you today. 
That list is very relatable to me. Here are a few more that I would add **if** I continued to drink...I killed someone while driving..I spent time in jail..I have no one in my life that trusts me anymore..I have destroyed my liver..I have destroyed my brain..I live on the streets..I killed myself...Alcohol is poison. ..Your post has so much clarity and determination in it. Hang onto that. However you find your sobriety hold onto that clarity of thought and tenacity in wanting it. Peace to you Belladonna. So happy to stay sober with the likes of you today..
Wow some of those things you listed are really terrifying glad you've seen the light! Keep it up! 
Being honest is the most important thing here. When I decided to come clean about my problem that's the first thing I told everyone in my life: it's time for me to be honest. 
Oof the driving drunk and puking on myself hit home for me too... I started doing those things albeit infrequently but just couldn't ever get it to completely stop while I continued to drink. Never want to drive drunk or puke on myself again. For that reason I'm sober. IWNDWYT 
Yes in the beginning it is scary to think 'I'll never have a drink again?' But that's just a fear of unknown. And that unknown is by a magnitude better than living in a known security of a statement 'I'll drink again!'
Scary list. Thanks for posting. 
I know I could def check off a lot of that list as well. Alcohol makes us do terrible things and give us nothing in return. Mater of fact it just takes things away. I wish you the best of luck. Stay strong and remember these things it has done to you. That helps me a lot to remember how I used to be and to play the tape forward. There is no good to come from drinking. Stay strong and IWNDWYT 
I haven't gotten the courage to write  my list  yet but I probably should. There's a lot of painful stuff on there 
It's all starts with day 1.  Without day 1 day 204847191918383 or whatever would not exist so just take it day by day.  Each day has its own challenges identify your triggers and acknowledge that you can't be in situations where you'll likely to drink alcohol.  I was at day 1 eleven days ago but it'll never stop it'll get easier but it won't stop.  Good news is we can do this it is possible.  This disease is a leech it's not part of us..Good luck.IWNDWYT 
I agreed far too much with what you've written. That makes me feel Very uncomfortable..Thank you for your post.
"I have drank alone more in the past year than I have actually drank with someone."..This one really got to me. I just got out of a ten day detox program and I'm honestly terrified for what the future holds
Obviously I don't know you. However I'll assume you're a decent person when not drinking. None of the things on your list has to define you. Take them as tough life lessons and learn from them. I wish you all the best in sobriety. It's way better on this side of the bottle. 
This is one powerful post.  It's a keeper.  Thank you!
Such honesty and courage cant fail. Youve earned some happiness. Good luck and keep up being honest you have a gift for self reflection. This will surely help in your journey
Welcome my friend.  Many of the items on your list are true for me too and I came to the same conclusion about needing to quit 82 days ago.  It was really hard at times - and I couldn't have done it without this site - but now I am loving it.  I got my freedom back and also emotions - mostly much happier and calmer.  Importantly the anxiety and depression have largely gone away because I was in a vicious cycle where daily alcohol withdrawal was triggered them and the drinking was necessary to dull them.    ..My key tips - take it one day at a time have a list of activities that can keep you busy and distracted and have snacks and a favorite soft drink (mine is seltzer with a squeeze of fresh lime) on hand at all times.  ..Good luck and keep us updated - we're here for you.  IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT 
I wish I could tell you how much this resonated with me. My first sober day was August 16 and i never thought it was possible; if i didn't call myself an alcoholic was it *really* a problem? turns out yes. ..i stole things. .i lose best friends over my actions. .i gained weight. .i was more depressed than i've ever been. ..but 83 days ago i committed to spending the next 24 hours sober. sure not everything's perfect...but i promise you it's a lot better than i ever thought it could be. ..IWNDWYT
You can do this! I so relate to this post you can even look back on my previous posts and see as I have spoken a lot about it here. No judgment from me all love. I'm just about to hit two months sober!! And it is hard - not physically but mentally emotionally to deal with everything and to do it 100% sober. But it's getting better. I'm here for you if you ever want to talk! Iwndwyt 
Hello...Yes the life drinking is ugly...I learned 1 day at a time. Yesterday is gone.  Tomorrow is not here yet.  That leaves me but today. 1 day to be sober...Not a week  a month  or the rest of my life. ..1 day. When a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..This gave me a start to sobriety. ..Your Friend John ..  
I feel your list on so many levels. Truly eye opening. I'm so glad you're here - today's the day 
I could write a very very similar list. Maybe the worst thing on my list would be having a list like that seeing it clearly knowing it understanding it and drinking despite it...I have struggled to find positive things about sobriety rather than enumerating the shitshow that is alcoholism. As my badge shows I have failed more than I have succeeded. ..I admire your insight and willingness to take an honest look.
Holy lawd this spoke to me on a level I'm not even ready to admit I have. Right here with you lady. 
I think you have captured what we have all been through beautifully...Everyone here has a different story yet so many of us share the same traits and emotions. ..It sounds like you've just arrived at your starting point. That's my name for being so fucked off with the alcohol trap that the decision becomes easy and instant. ..Congratulations you've arrived!..We are all here if you need us x
Dunno if you need more comments or support but may as well add my 2c. If this is a repeat of some of the comments I apologise. But I did wanna say a. you seem really brave to me and b. in my own experience when I stopped drinking the first time (when I SUCCEEDED I mean - I'd tried many times before that) I made 17 years....and it was EASY as long as I thought of not drinking not as a loss but as a source of strength. Cos for me it was. One of the first commenters who talks about that book s/he read? Bang on. And although I have been told by many that they have a different experience I found that it got way better very quickly. As soon as one has something to protect that one is proud of (eg 8 days without drinking) it's just another weight on the not-drinking side of the scale. You already have honesty courage the support of this wonderful community and while I think the rules forbid me to tell you it gets better and quickly that was certainly my experience. And it just kept getting better. And better. And better. In my case it changed everything. And became not holding on by the fingernails 'one day at a time' but a joyful proud way of life. Personally I started again mindfully after nearly two decades &amp; had a WAY more controlled period of drinking but I still reckon the benefits of not drinking outweigh the brief pangs the illusionary sense of missing out etc so much that I'm back to do it again. I will with pleasure not drink with you today.
I have done really horrible things while drunk. Things I'm too shamed to talk about some fall along the lines of driving drunk and cheating on a partner. It's hard to want to live with yourself after you sober up and remember. You'd rather not think about it and pick up the bottle again to drown it out. The wounds/damage alcoholism creates is so painful. And alcoholics think the solution is yes more alcohol. It does not make any sense and I believe healing takes a dick ton of time and energy but the first step is not drinking. Best of luck. 
Most problems I've had over the last 10 years are directly related to alcohol. Mostly financial (medical bills that should never exist) and recently legal (ex messed around with my head  giving me false promises and when it turned out she was full of shit I was angry of course but being drunk at the same time it was much more volatile and I thought it was within my anger and hurt to chop her down through text. Mistake 1 that I didn't think twice about. Mistake 2 I work in automotive and throughout the relationship I did a lot of work to her car. One was personally installing her rear tires. In a drunken rage knowing well she was going around being a whore in this car I did a lot of work to because I loved her I went and slashed them but it was in her work parking lot with cameras all over the place.) I deserved my punishment but at that moment in time all logic flew out the window because I was fueled with all sorts of emotions and inhibited by booze...As angry and hurt as I was if I was sober then I could have at least analyzed it and made better decisions.
Every emotion and occasion pairs with alcohol ... was so true for me. IWNDWYT
You do deserve this path of freedom!  You can do it.
Thanks for sharing! Iwndwyt
It's much like going to the gym... it's a horrendous hard trip getting myself there.... but once there I feel like I can do anything!!! Keep going!!!! You will get there... I promise:)
Welcome to the club. This is an amazing community and the amount of information and feelings shared here helps me pull through the day sober. It gets easier. The green serpent is not pulling me with the force it used to do. Now I also know what to expect in the days to come. I have not been sober for so many days in a row for more than 5 years and it is eye opening experience. Mind clarity is why I will continue on this path. I wish you strength. I can not forgive my self for things what I have done - most of the things on your list is checked for me also. But I will get there one day and hopefully you will also.
