-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9v73cc/how_do_i_support_my_husband_during_his_stop/

I've posted here before for myself. I'm having a baby soon which makes not drinking very possible...My husband made it about 7 months without drinking. He was doing great. Very confident in his choice. ..For work he travels a lot puts on events hosts social gatherings. He's surrounded by alcohol. Initially he found it easy to say no. I think he was feeling a bit  holier than thou  in his choice...Over the last couple months he's been slipping. Work has been stressful. He will get drunk at a social gathering then feel terrible for days both physically and mentally. I worry he will jeopardize his job by making a bad choice since he tends to lose logic quickly when inebriated. He's been unable to attend important meetings because he is so depressed and anxious the next day. ..He admits he has a problem and that it effects him negatively. ..It's a common story. I'm struggling as his partner who is so so frustrated and disappointed to be supportive. I only feel negative and angry when he calls me and I know instantly he's had drinks. I want to tell him how stupid he is for betraying me and our unborn daughter. I want to berate him for being too weak to say no when he knows better. I have no sympathy when he tells me he doesn't feel good about himself because he made his own choices and now his entire equilibrium is askew. ..I've suggested counseling in general even if it's just a casual once a month thing. Now that it's beyond just a couple time slip up I think he may need a more specialized approach. We can't afford any formal treatment I think insurance would cover a therapist...How do I balance the anger and the love? How do I keep him in check while showing him kindness? How do I sympathize? What questions do I ask I get to the bottom of this? ..I don't want resentment and lack of trust to build up. I want to be happy together and enjoy our growing family. 
----------immediate responses--------

You might want to reach out to r/AlAnon. It's a group for people who love an alcoholic and they will be better able to give you support. Or you might try r/scienceandkindness. It's another great sub for loved ones dealing with someone else's addiction issues.
[removed]
Great idea posting here! From his perspective nobody can make the decision for him. He has to make up his own mind that he is absolutely sick of it and wants to quit maybe for good. It sounds like he wants to since he expresses this to you. Even though that can be frustrating for you to hear it's actually a great sign! It means he genuinely wants to change his behavior. Consider buying him the book The Naked Mind by Annie Grace or The Easy Way to Stop Drinking by Allen Carr. I haven't personally read either one but I always see people recommending them on here (especially The Naked Mind)...From your perspective try to understand that there is a chemical imbalance in his brain. Different people struggle with alcohol to different degrees and the people of this sub know all too well that overdrinking and relapses can't be solely attributed to character flaws and weak willpower. Try to recognize in those frustrating moments when he drunk dials you that he is being honest with you. Be thankful that he's reaching out for help rather than trying to hide his behavior. Your daughter will be better off if the two of you can get through this as a team. Encourage him to visit this subreddit and make his own post here and encourage him to read one of those books. Your patience right now could make a world of difference for both of you and your daughter. Good luck!
I've fallen off the wagon many times. I was often triggered by working for family then working for family being a trigger became my excuse then even when I quit working for my family it was thinking about my guilt and lack of ability. .Every time I failed I knew I was hurting my SO and that made me feel terrible so I tried my best to hide it from him. I failed at that too. It got to a point where I said I'd do better and stop for the fiftieth time that they finally replied they didn't believe me. That hurt. He's never stopped being affectionate towards me or was unkind to me. Before he said he didn't believe me he'd suggest I call him when I was tempted. Supported me always as I re-pledged again to sobriety...Then I got a new job that was really challenging. Suddenly being hungover or just less than my sober self simply wasn't enough. I was about three days in and feeling better again. Closer to good. Then I saw that he had hidden some of my booze he'd found at the top of the closet. I managed to get it down and just stared at it for a bit. People who have struggled with their drinking know the two arguments in your head. I actually unscrewed the lid put it to my lips and swallowed some. Then I thought how much it would mean to him if I gave it to him. Let him know I had found it and that I didn't want it in the house. So I did. ..He stood close to me as I poured it down the sink. I don't think his feelings for me ever changed. He never treated me differently other than to let me know he didn't like my drinking. It took me being proactive and challenging myself to get out of the rut and away from my triggers even if it felt safe something I couldn't fuck up...I'm only a few days in since then...I know every time I said I would stop I meant it. It was easy for me to think I could do it for him and nothing else had to change. I went for three weeks once. Just bearing the temptation and chagrin at work and coming home to feeling succored but eventually it got too much. I was so beaten down by repeating that pattern. ..I feel like I've got bumpers on both sides now. I love that I'm nailing this very complex job that I was tempted to quit at first because I felt so unqualified. And I have this mutually loving relationship that I don't want to change or damage but eventually I saw that I could. ..I bet he can make it too. You might want to read some books from the addiction section of the book store. It might be scary because a lot of them will tell you that you have to be willing to separate yourself from your addicted loved one if they continue to hurt themselves but they'll also tell you that they have to be willing to change. I bet he's willing. Share your feelings stand your ground you don't have to be angry or intentionally hurtful to do that. You matter you really do.
