-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vcwlj/constitutionally_incapable_of_being_honest_with/

I'm more than 3 years into my struggle with getting sober. After numerous setbacks and relapses I'm starting to wonder if I'm one of the "unfortunates" described in the AA literature who do not recover because they can't be honest with themselves. Alcoholism has taken a toll on me in many ways but the most obvious (and most destructive to my relationship with my wife of 26 years) is the dishonesty I have repeatedly fallen back on to "hide" from the shame of drinking - again and again and again. Despite my wife's insistence that it's not the drinking and relapses that really hurt her it's the dishonesty I have not yet found the courage or strength to admit when I fall off the wagon and end up repeatedly lying to her about it until she inevitably catches me in the lie...Yesterday I got caught in the lie yet again and I'm desperately trying to salvage not just m relationship but my sanity.  It's a horrible way to live. I'm filled with so much self-loathing that I find myself thinking dark and self-destructive thoughts...Can I somehow cultivate honesty within myself? Or am I one of the unfortunates who are "naturally incapable of cultivating a manner of living which demands rigorous honesty"? These are the questions keeping me sleepless at night and miserably exhausted during the day...I'm going to a meeting after work tonight and looking for a new sponsor. Wish me luck if you have a sec pretty sure I'm gonna need it. Thanks for reading this if you did...
----------immediate responses--------

Have you worked the steps? 
Good luck!
I feel like even being in this subreddit with some any sort of admittance of your drinking problem and the way you use dishonesty in your relationship is a good indication that you have at least some capability of honesty. You've recognized that something is wrong and are speaking up to somebody. That takes more than you realize.
I wish you the best! Being honest is actually very simple: all you have to do is tell the truth. Maybe don't try to trick yourself into thinking that it is a foreign concept and just totally impossible for you. It is well within your abilities to be honest with yourself!
I wish you all the strength you can muster to get a new start going. I'm on here time and time again saying how it's the people who keep trying that inspire me the most to keep going. It is so much harder at the beginning and the longer you spend at the beginning the more mental toughness you need. So it's there you have that mental toughness because here you are trying again. God Bless. 
Good stuff. You're not constitutionally incapable your response tells me that. Steps worked properly which ain't easy to find these days fixes everything including honesty issue. 
I just thought lying and hiding bottles was all part of being an alcoholic. I really don't have anyone to answer to and was still hiding bottles I live alone! Lol  The only time I ever get questioned is by my mother when I see her. I told her if you know I'm drinking don't ask because I will lie to you. Ask me when I'm sober and I will be honest! I think it just goes with the territory of being alcoholic.
I've known one alcoholic in my entire life who I think falls into the  constitutionally dishonest  category and that person lies compulsively won't acknowledge lies even when confronted with them doesn't express remorse for pain caused to others and won't take responsibility for any of their actions...I've lied about my addictive behavior and relapses and hidden it from loved ones. I'm working on solidly establishing my sobriety and getting the support that I need so that doesn't seem like a good option again. I'm finding that spaces in my life where I can be honest and where I *regularly* share what's really going on with me (here AA and therapy) helps me remember that being honest and authentic with myself and others is a central part of having the life that I want to have and being who I want to be.
The prue fact that you are even asking yourself this question shows that you likely aren't "constitutionally incapable of being honest with yourself". You are honestly reflecting right now and seeking answers. If you were "constitutionally incapable" you wouldn't be asking yourself this question like how someone who is "crazy" doesn't question whether or not they are "crazy" but instead will simply believe in their own delusions as reality. 
You have admitted it and you are sticking with AA. Keep at it. 
