-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vihjo/really_hard_and_tough_week_need_advice/

I had a long 2 weeks especially this past week. I had 4 major tests for school and aced them all and finally wanted a release. But I stopped myself from drinking or anything. No matter how bad I wanted it...I went to visit a friend today and she insisted I drink. And the girls told me to and I was so tempted but held a firm stance on not doing so. ..Then they went on about how bad the wine tasted. And they kept going on. And then they insisted I just take a small sip of it just to get the flavor and see how bad it was. (It was a dry chardonnay and I thought it wouldn't be that bad). ..So I took the smallest sip and just let it slip on my tongue. Just to get the flavor. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. And I wanted to go spit it out but didn't want to be weird. So I swallowed the small amount. And I don't know if I should reset my timer or should I let it be. ..I don't think I have relapsed or broken my record. But I feel a little guilty for even just tasting it. I think it was stronger of me to taste and give it back and say no. Idk that do you folks think? Should I feel guilty? Did I slip up? Should I reset my clock? 
----------immediate responses--------

I wouldn't overthink it too much it sounds to me like you held pretty firm in the face of extreme peer pressure!..It's up to you if you want to reset your badge but if it were me I guess I would look at the underlying motivation for the small sip. Was it because you really wanted to or was it because you felt you had to?..It would be nice if your friends could be a little bit more supportive to be honest especially as you've been doing so well  
Sticking to 'Dry people and dry places' is sound advice in early sobriety.....If the people you're hanging around with don't respect your choice to not drink those people do not have your best interests at heart I'd suggest.....Congrats on your lovely palindrome badge 121 keep it going!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I find it helpful to measure my success in many ways - not just "consecutive days where zero alcohol passed my lips" since that makes anything other than complete perfection utter failure. ..I would also reconsider whether these people were my friends since my friends (or at least the ones I want to be friends with) support my endeavors and don't try to sabotage me. ..I wouldn't reset in your situation. Considering a sip of alcohol to be a relapse or something that breaks record or something to feel guilty about seems like a very unfriendly way to treat myself. ..Congrats on your 121 days!! Here's to many more! 
