-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vrt0j/grace_period_in_aa/

I'll try to keep this short &amp; simple. But to give you the full picture it won't be. So thank you in advance for reading :)..I'm 26/F and 34 days sober. This is the longest I've gone without drinking and drugging in 6 years. Needed to feel drunk/high every day. Started to realize it was becoming a problem 2 years ago tried and struggled to get sober with this last year being the hardest I drank ever. The harder I tried to get sober it's like the more unmanageable my life got. Rock bottom always has a fucking cellar door. *Shout out to the person(s) here on SD who told me about that analogy way back when I was trying to get sober and fucking that up miserably*..Then 35 days ago I fell thru another cellar door and hit a new bottom. Finally after a year of researching and rationalizing and bullshitting myself I finally got my ass to AA. and here I am. 34 days sober. Fucking miracle. But also HARD work...I go to AA at least 4 times a week. I try to go each day but it's not always possible with my living/car situation. I speak maybe 1-2 times per week when I feel it's relevant. ..Tonight in my home meeting we were talking about divine interventions vs. resentment. I shared a story about how my best friend and father recently put me in situations (or rather I put myself in these situations) where I almost drank but somehow found the strength to abstain. Got a lot of encouraging feedback from pretty much everyone. Older crowd mostly middle aged men. Then this older woman comes up to me and I've never seen her before and she says "I wanted to talk to you I think you should know that in AA there's kind of a grace period and I think you're at the point where you need to find a sponsor." ..Mind you I reached out to a girl with 5 years clean who had spoke at my home meeting asked me if I'd like to get coffee. Decided to take her up on the offer. Because yeah I need a sponsor. But I couldn't help but feel like this older woman who came up to me tonight was a bit patronizing? I know it was coming from a kind and helpful place. But really? A grace period? What does that even mean? That I'm overdue and if I don't find a sponsor I don't have a place there? ..I don't know. I think I need to not think into it so much. But I am curious to hear people's thoughts because I know a lot of people in recovery have different experiences and opinions on AA. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds to me like she was just trying to help. Noone ever pressured me off into getting a sponsor although several recommended it.  I finally heard and saw enough of a guy that seemed to be living the type of sober lifestyle that I could handle.  The rest is history. ..I wouldn't read too much into it.  There is nothing in the big book about sponsorship. It comes from long standing traditions because it has a high success rate. ..Good luck. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
I've been going to AA since May and although I have had bumps in the road personally I have found it tremendously helpful.  I too also felt the pressure to  get a sponsor' right away and I found this difficult for me as I am an independent person and I wanted to be really comfortable with a person as a sponsor before making a decision. My feeling (just personal opinion) after being in AA for a bit is that they tend to recommend a sponsor right away for new people because newer people tend to be in a fragile place and may need immediate support. Although I understand that concept I personally needed my own time. I haven't heard of a grace period before but if there is pressure to get a sponsor I would recommend saying that you are taking it slowly as I did. I found people always respected that and it worked for me. Best of luck I hope that was even slightly helpful. Feel free to contact me if you want to chat more. 
She may have been trying to help seeing you as someone that she could take under her wing. I don't know about the  grace period' though. People reached out to me but no one forced me. .As personal and intense as this struggle is I'd take the time to find someone I can relate to and am comfortable with because resentment towards a sponsor will only push me the wrong way. We don't need more help with that  . .Congrats on the sobriety period. You've made a good decision at a time where age is on your side in bouncing back. I wish you the very best. Don't forget to be kind to yourself. IWNDWYT. 
There is no such thing as a "grace period". That was one person's opinion. Ignore it. ..You can get a temporary sponsor who will be a good primary contact. They are the person who will take the most interest in helping you stay on track. You will have their phone number and they will check up on you from time to time. ..Initially the sponsor is there to help you navigate AA. It is not a requirement at all. People often confuse the preferences of an individual group with being a requirement of AA. A sponsor is not required. The twelve steps are not required. They are suggestions based on what has helped many people. 
