-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vsv74/seventyfour_days_and_holy_hell/

So an update from when I last posted here (I believe was quite a while ago).  I'm nearing that three month mark (made four months last year before the relapse) and it has been truly nothing short of a euphoric awakening...In the almost three months since I've stopped I've been hitting the gym for two hours a day every day.  I've re-entered college for my ADN in Nursing (taking Intro to Stats and 4.0ing it...I hate Math.  So thank you sobriety!)..My mental focus and acuity are like nothing I've seen in probably the last twenty years or so.  Even when I only get four and a half hours of sleep due to work / college schedule I still feel pretty damn great about it.  College and my E.R. Employment along with just injecting vocabulary words concepts and lessons come so much quicker and more precise to me now.    ..Physically and Physiologically I feel a literal resurgence of Testosterone / Energy for hours after I'm finished at the gym.  It makes sense as I've supressed 'T' for so long with heavy drinking practices that as I'm now eating and drinking water adequately my body is continuing to make a phenomenal recovery.  ..I'm quite familiar with the 'Pink Cloud' but I feel (and hope) that this remains in effect much longer.  It seems like it's too much later in the sobriety timeframe to fit the definition of the Pink Cloud.    ..My best friend (now almost seven months sober) and his ten-year sober older brother have both noted great changes in me and indeed many of my other friends and family have stated the same.  ..I still occasionally go out to the bars or social functions but I rarely stay more than a couple of hours and practically never feel that urge to have 'just one'.  If it does rear it's ugly head I quickly remind myself of how great sobriety is and how much I've accomplished over a short period of time.  (And much more I've in store for myself.)..For those of you who just relapsed as everyone else has pointed out don't worry; maintain that desire to quit and push on through the gloom.  My relapse taught me more about myself and sobriety than all of those days sober could have.    ..\-Be'are the iron that is not heated.  For oft will it go unforged and brittle.  Instead cherish that which has lain in the fire and having weathered the tempering heat is ready to be made anew. ..Stay strong my people!  IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats friend! Excellent attitude...it should serve you well. Peace
Words to live by! Good Luck maninspired! IWNDWYT 
What's that quote from? I love it!
 \-Be'are the iron that is not heated. For oft will it go unforged and brittle. Instead cherish that which has lain in the fire and having weathered the tempering heat is ready to be made anew. ..YES!
