-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vt0wz/the_last_call/

Hello all. Just wanted to share my story. ..Today is my fifth full day of total sobriety. I have not had a drop of alcohol or engaged in any sort of inebriation whatsoever. In a rare moment of clarity during my drunken haze of a weekend I flushed my hash and destroyed my rig. Somewhere inside I knew that I could not kill or even fight the beast that is my alcoholism if I had this crutch of intoxication laying wait in my drawer. Instead of confronting my issues I would just think  oh at the end of the day I can have a puff or five and chill out.' This is my pattern and a contributing factor toward my inability to sustain any string of sobriety for longer than 2 days for many years. I understand that it is different for others but this is how it is in my situation. I cannot lean into hash. I have to learn to live sober with the expectation that I will be sober clear headed and well myself from sun up to sun down. I have to learn to sleep sober and to treat the evening as a productive time instead of a time to slack off and forget all of my problems. ..Failed  Sober October' turned out to be my most destructive month since February. I was staying awake for two days during the weekend. I know many of you have experienced this before- drinking all through the day Saturday all night into Sunday afternoon and the evening waking up Monday morning thinking... wait what happened to Sunday? When you don't sleep the days blur together. I would make maybe ten little trips to the store during this time and amass a pile of 3 dozen beer cans and little pints of spirits. Thank God I now live in a walking city and no longer need to drive or else I might have killed someone many times over. ..This past Tuesday (I was off on Monday) I woke up barely able to move my extremities. Eventually this passed but for the next several days I had trouble walking perfectly strait despite a clear head. This has alarmed me and the prospect of doing permanent damage to myself has finally stuck somewhere behind the eyes. This is not a game. The consequences go beyond just destroying relationships (which can be rebuilt albeit not easily or without extreme remorse) or losing jobs but when you think about losing your physical mobility or worse your mental capacity it hits home hard in a very selfish way. ..This disease killed my father and my grandfather and continues to effect so many others in my family. I will not do to my (hopefully) future children what was done to me. Alcohol destroys so many good people cuts them down before their time and takes away the essence of their personality in the worst possible way. And yet having seen all of this it is the pain caused by their disease that has driven me into the same pattern as these men and women before me. ..I have tried to quit many times before. I have struggled since I was a teenager with this lifestyle. I have burned many more bridges than I have built and the very foundation of my life and my most precious relationship is teetering on edge. I don't know if I can do it now if this time will be any different (even now I'm tempted to fall as I write these words) but dammit if I'm not going to try and try again. I won't let this thing kill me or hurt those around me anymore. ..I have made this username u/TriumphantTeetotaler not to show who I am now but to express who I want to become. Dress for the job you want not the job you have. Well here I am and this time it feels like the final interview. ..Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Powerful post thanks!..You *already are* Triumphant my dear - by submitting this post committing your dedication and commitment by being sober for an amazing 5 days - you're clearly on the right path...I'm so proud of you - keep going!
Welcome Triumphant. I am so glad that you are here. Pulling in whatever supports I could has been a great help to me on my so far short journey. I will not drink with you today.
Welcome friend. You have come to an incredible spot on the internet for encouragement understanding and wisdom. Welcome to the family. I know that for me support is crucial for me to stay on this sober adventure. Keep coming back. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Well said.  I'm sending positive thoughts your way my friend. You are making a good choice. 
The fifth day.  That's huge.  Keep moving forward.  ..Wishing you the best...IWNDWYT
Your story is all too similar around here.  Congratulations on 5 massive days.  For me the first 4-5 were the absolute hardest.   You're going to find that you'll have some ups and downs but it gets a bit easier every day.  Good luck to you on your journey and take care 
Glad you are here. I like your choice of names. Our words matter. I am also trying to be mindful about the words in my thoughts in my conversations and in things I write. I feel like it does impact outcomes and I feel better. Best wishes for you on this journey.
