-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vubzw/taking_care_of_a_funeral/

My father committed suicide the week before. He was a struggling alcoholic. Managed to be sober for extended periods of time but when he fell he always fell hard...I am sorry to say it but in order to keep my own sanity and sobriety I had previously cut all contact with him. He only called me when he needed something money comfort advise. He pissed it all away...I am taking care of the funeral arrangement since he only had me and my sister. And she is a teenager. I don't want her to deal with this...The ceremony and cremation will take place on Wednesday...It will be good to put this behind us...I was asked if I had any desire to drink during this times. And I am happy to say that I don't. Sobriety has given me the strength and clear mind to take care of this task. I however am feeling like a smoke but I won't do that either. Kicked that too with the beer...Thanks for always being there for me. It is so comforting to have my support group with me at all times...Thank you my friends in my poket..   
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear what you've been through. It's so hard to watch someone you love destroy their own lives. Congratulations for not continuing his pattern   
I'm sorry for your loss Theragon.  I lost my father to the bottle at a young age.  Stay strong and take care of your sister.  You are in our thoughts and hearts   ...
Sorry to hear about your loss...Many condolences......Congratulations on staying sober!
I'm so sorry for your loss I know it's easier said than done but try to be kind to yourself. Sometimes we are left with no other alternative than to just save ourselves. I can relate to this bc both of my parents are deep in alcohol addiction and I haven't spoke to my farther in over 10 years and my mother and I are distant but still speak I've had to do what I've had to do for myself and my little family now. Sometimes we have to be our own best friends. I hope you find peace and don't blame yourself for doing what's best for you. .Big hugs. IWNDWYT 
I am sorry for your loss.Alcohol exacts such a high cost.I will not drink with you today.
Sorry for your loss. I think we should all not drink today in your father's honor.
God bless...what a spot to be in. I wish you all the love peace and wisdom possible in this time. 
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. I  will not drink with you tonight. Peace.
Nicely handled friend.  Keep on keeping on.
I'm incredibly sorry for your loss.  I lost a very good friend last week and was super appreciative of the folks in this community.   Take care of yourself. 
Sorry for your loss
I went through something similar with my father. His falling off the wagon though led to us discovering his pancreatic cancer and he passed 3 weeks later. It was extremely hard to watch what alcohol did to him Growing up he was my Superman. But Seagrams 7 and Budweiser mixed with pain killers and somas were his kryptonite. And it made him very weak until the day he died. I know my father struggled a lot. As I'm sure yours did too. Learning what not to do from our parents are sometimes the most valuable lessons we ever learn. I don't want to follow in my fathers footsteps like I'm genetically engineered to fail because he did. Going through this sober is the best way you can be there for you and your sister. Best wishes and I'm very sorry about your loss. ..IWNDWYT
I am so very sorry for your loss.
I'm sorry this has landed on you hard Theragon. Sending you support through the internets. IWNDWYT..
I am sorry for loss. I am glad you will not have your father's fate.
My condolences.
I will not drink with you today. Wishing you peace.
I'm so sorry for your loss and I am so proud of your grace and strength through this trying time. Good for you for standing up and taking care of things so your sister didn't have to. Your family is in my thoughts and prayers and IWNDWYT  
Wishing you peace and clarity
My condolences on your loss. IWNDWYT. 
No words to fix it just don't forget one cant pour from an empty glass take care of yourself.  It sounds like you got your head on straight and betweenarrangements and sister etc could be easy knocking down the task in front of you.  Just make sure to do a little era self care. For you your father and sister I will not drink with you today.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I'm proud of you for staying strong and staying sober. 
