-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9vw1ir/i_25m_have_a_problem_and_dont_know_where_or_how/

I've known for awhile that my drinking is problematic. I'll drink at least 5-6 nights of the week. If I'm tired sad or nervous I crave a drink - but if I'm happy wanting to celebrate or relax I also crave a drink. I've tied drinking to most of my leisure activities and once I start I basically have zero impulse control. I don't really get buzzed anymore at some point I cross over into drunkenness. Usually I go for beer: high percentage craft that I told myself was a hobby but now I'm realizing is just an excuse. ..In the past few months I've added some extra liquor to my nightly beer drinking since I can't get drunk easily like I used to. A pretty normal night for me is to come home tie one on then I go outside and chainsmoke on the porch. I only smoke at night when I'm drinking and always regret it. Still this is my idea of a good time. ..At social events I can't control myself either. I consistently find myself being too drunk for the situation: family events casual weekday dinners with a friend after work drinks with colleagues  once I start I just go till I'm hammered. At times I've shown up drunk to something important where you're really not supposed to be drunk. I had this little sketch comedy group from a continuing studies class at my old university and we'd meet every once in awhile. The last time we had a meeting I got off work and convinced an intern to come grab some beers with me. Then I invited myself over to his place got hammered left abruptly and stumbled into the restaurant for the group meeting. They told me I smelled like booze and I remember I was farting the entire time. It was disgusting...I was tallying it up today and I think every one of my close friends and family members has at some point taken me aside and told me they were worried about my drinking. Each time I ignored it. ..This past year I enrolled in a post-grad college program in film production. It's a dream of mine and I'm proud that I had the guts to give this a shot. We had a little video project this past week that we shot in my apartment. We were shooting a party scene so naturally there was beer and wine around. Everyone was having one or two. But even though I'd written the script organized and invited people over I proceeded to get fucking blasted. One of my friends tried to film her own little video as well and I fucking ruined it by being drunk. And I'm so ashamed of myself  the thing that gets me is with each drink I KNEW I should stop  kept telling myself it was inappropriate that everyone could tell that they could write me up to the teacher which would hurt my job prospects  but each time I couldn't help myself. Everyone in the small class looks at me different now. And when I'm alone I do that ALL THE TIME...I never thought I was at the point of blacking out. But then people were describing things from that night I had zero memory of. I just nodded along. And I started remembering times I've been talking to a friend after a party and they've reminded me of something funny one of us said that I have no memory of ..I didn't drink for about 48 hours after that. Then went out with some friends stuck to water at first then caved. I went to bed drunk last night and woke up hating myself. Do I just not go out anymore? ..I guess I'm not at the point where I'm day drinking but still  like holy fuck I'm reading this all back and I sound like an alcoholic. Alcoholism and addiction run in my family my dad's mom/my grandmother drank herself to death long before I was born. Other cousins on that side of the family struggle with substance abuse. I don't know how I could face my dad if this became noticeable because it would hurt him so much...But where do you even start? What do I do to even begin to unpack all this?..Any help/advice would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I was in a similar situation a few years ago. What worked for me was trying to quit completely. No half measures no I'll just have one beer no only on the weekends. I just never drink. At first I had to kind of isolate myself and not go out with people who drank or in places where there was alcohol. I can do that now without getting cravings but I prefer to not do it too often because drunk people see very stupid and annoying when you're sober...But the main thing that helped me was going to therapy and I suggest you do the same. Support groups like AA are also good though I haven't tried them myself.
[Easy Way To Control Alcohol](https://books.google.com/books?id=yPlPhQNv3RcC&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;source=gbs_ge_summary_r&amp;cad=0#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false) changed my life. It hasn't been "easy" but there are truths in this book that I didn't even consider previously and they put my focus in the right direction.
[removed]
I can tell you about my experience...I was spiraling down.... down...Caught in a vicious cycle...Then I did ONE little thing different.  I went to a recovery meeting and listened.  I found people who understood because they had experienced it.  Instead of "judging" me they welcomed me.  They helped each other get sober and helped me get sober!..I discovered it's easy for me to *Create* a drinking problem all by myself; but I couldn't *Solve* a drinking problem without some support...Tried a meeting?
Quitting is hard as hell. I won't sugar coat it...You should try Kratom as an alternative. Red veins in particular. I went from being a crazy junkie to a raging drunk for years. Had to lose my woman and everything I had built. Before I  took a minute and looked at myself. I took some time got entirely sober for a bit and now I use Kratom. ..There's probably a lot of people on here who think entire sobriety is the only way but it works for me..Your dopamine and some opioid receptors get wrecked from binge drinking constantly.  Kratom and exercise helps with that...Between having a good doctor who listens to me and having Kratom I'm back in school and working. I've held my job for three years now and my past seems like a bad dream. You can do it man but it just takes a bunch of time and trial and error. For me I realized that it wasn't the drink that was destroying me it was an underlying hatred for myself combined with loneliness. If you don't fix that you'll be in a cycle of abusing anything forever. I'd advise using Kratom or a less harmful drug for those after work cravings and get yourself a mental health professional...Everyone's road out of hell is going to be different but that's been mine and it's working pretty well..Best of luck.
Make a plan and educate yourself. ..You may need medical help to get through early sobriety. Look into options for ongoing support. AA or other groups can help. ..There are many recovery programs find out what options you have and what your insurance will cover. 
Posting here was a big first step for me. Then I decided to take it off the table for 30 days and use that time to assess what my relationship to alcohol was. 30 days turned out to be way harder than I thought it should be so I stretched it to 90. We honestly can't see the forest from the trees when we are still in the thick of it. How does 30 days sound to you?
