-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9w1rjh/trying_hard/

I'm a chronic relapser but I'm on day 7 of being sober..My fianc  tried to kill herself this evening  by od'ing on sleeping pills and I found her. I threw her in my pickup and got her to the ER and she will be ok. The whole time I was driving I just kept thinking to myself  thank god im sober  as I'm going 65 in a 30. . I guess I don't really know how I'm feeling or what I want to say? I don't want to drink and I want to feel anyway other than I'm feeling right now. Keep her and I in your prayers..Thanks a numb man with a drinking problem.
----------immediate responses--------

Many of us (I imagine) have relapsed before. I went out again repeatedly too before getting to where I am today. You can do it. One day at a time. I'm so sorry about what you had to deal with tonight but you're right thank God you were sober. IWNDWYT
That is really rough all I can say about your fiance is help her if you can but don't burden yourself with any guilt about her actions or condition those are her's not yours. Seeing those you love suffer is a terrible pain but in the end usually the only person that can actually pull a person out of despair is themselves. ..As for relapsing I can relate to that. I was a CHRONIC relapser for years. I could get anywhere between a month to a couple weeks sometimes a couple months and always I would end up on a bender for three days then in the hospital throwing my guts up heart arrhythmia insomnia and constant panic for a week on top of feeling like i got hit by a train. It was not pretty but I was able to stop. I'm sorry that I cant say why or what you should do to stay on the path other than don't drink. You just have to decide that for yourself in your life and keep reminding yourself that's what you are trying to do. I did it for years while drinking and then one day after I had suffered enough I was able to do it. So far so good for me...I hope you can find some relief friend and I hope your fiance can find her way. 
Aww my friend these sound like difficult times for you. I failed at quitting for ages before it stuck. I believe that in some small way all those failed quits helped create the momentum that has me sittin pretty at 15 months hardly ever even having booze cross my mind. ..So keep quitting until you do. ..Also the usual: therapy evaluate your people/place/thing vulnerabilities find a sober hobby. ..And Keep. Coming. Back. 
I want to thank you guys so much you really don't know how much this means to me.
