-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wd91m/how_long_till_you_felt_real_benefit/

Long (long) story short  a lifetime of depression and anxiety which I always felt was  at least in very large part related to very heavy boozing.  I always thought that getting sober would rid me of the curse but I guess I never thought about the question of correlation v causation.  In other words I assumed that getting smashed every other night for 30 years lay behind 30 years of debilitating misery - all despite what appears to be a highly successful life...3 months into project sober  I can't honestly say that I feel the dark clouds lifting from around my shoulders.  That said I certainly prefer waking up sober and going about my day without being physically ill - so I'm not saying it's all a waste of time.  I don't know whether to reset my expectations though - I suppose it seems a bit silly to assume that 30 years of abuse would be complete undone by 3 months of sober living.  ..So especially to those with longer spells of abstinence under their belts and to those who have struggled with mental health - do you genuinely recognize improvements in your mood? And if so how long did it take before you really felt this ?
----------immediate responses--------

I am still experiencing anxiety and depression....I have read a variety of articles which say that it takes anywhere from 6 months to a year for your body to recover and begin regulating itself correctly again.  I am in the mean time eliminating other things that cause anxiety and depression like caffeinenicotine salts sugars.  I am aware that exercising helps to control both as well.
I just logged into this account for the first time in a long time - requested a badge reset...I'm about 10 years into addiction and I also suffer from anxiety and depression. Longest I've gone is 6 weeks. I remember doing it and after six weeks thinking "What the hell I'm still anxious and depressed. I thought this would fix it!"..I too want to hear from others about when they noticed some changes. I'm in therapy but I've been spinning wheels for the last few years probably because I can't do any meaningful work on myself when I'm pretty much hungover for every moment I'm not drunk...Here's to looking forward friend.
When I eliminated alcohol from me I was left with alcohol-less ME...That in an of itself was a great thing and certain benefits were readily apparent...However I was still left with "Me" ......   So I started to work on myself.  ..If I can point to any ONE thing that has the largest impact on 'mood' it is this:  Doing things for others.  Being conscious and purposeful in engaging in Kind acts.....   and especially engaging in what some call "esteemable" acts.  ..The more I do for "others" the better I am....  from my heart my emotions and my daily affect....  How I *feel*...Volunteering in the community is one way.  But there is an infinite number of ways.....  helping a neighbor bringing treats to work buying the beverage for the person in line behind me paying the toll for the car behind me and on and on and on.......Can you think of any?
I'm the same way. After a lifetime of (unknowingly) self-medicating for anxiety depression and adhd I'm finding out what it's like to face these things without the help of alcohol. It is no fun at all so far. It's grueling work and I don't really see signs of improvement yet. Looking at life day after day seeing my limitations understanding what my life really is without the gauzy haze of alcohol is depressing in its own right. The only thing keeping me going is the absolute knowledge that continuing to mask these things will not ever improve anything and that my only hope of making any small improvements is to stay sober and learn how to deal with these awful feelings and finding ways to make improvements. I've had 30+ years of avoiding the issue and letting these things fester so I guess I shouldn't expect changes to happen quickly. That's what is motivating me despite how dark and difficult it seems at this point. 
Sobriety itself may not be enough.  But being sober allows you to take the steps necessary to make a difference.  It's kinda like if you're in a dungeon and you're chained to the wall.  Sobriety isn't magically going to transport you out of the dungeon but it will unshackle you from the wall.  It's still on you to work your way out but sobriety is a necessary first step.
I quit drinking and nothing got better besides my ability to be honest with myself about how bad things were. ..I went from struggling with alcohol to struggling with years of repressed trauma relationship problems self-loathing and coming out as a trans man. Now that I'm dealing with those things I really am starting to feel better but I didn't get that pink cloud that other quitters talk about early on. 
I notice a huge boost in my mood around the 6 month point. I was *still* feeling better at 16 months. Early recovery is a roller coaster. The good news is that for every day you don't drink you are still taking steps forward in the healing process. You are correct in realizing that it takes time for our brains to heal after years and years of alcohol abuse. Vigorous exercise and [meditation](https://www.thetadprinciple.com/free-meditation-guide-0101adj.html) are valuable tools I used in order to help my brain along in the process...I MUST utilize them every day to help elevate my mood and reduce anxiety.    .    .After my wife quit drinking and smoking she had to go talk to her doctor about medication. She is now on an antidepressant that has had a tremendously positive impact on her life (and mine). Unfortunately some of us are not hardwired correctly and need help...something to keep in mind. Either way quitting drinking was the best thing you could have done for your mind and body. Keep it up!
All of these comments are very helpful.  That's it isn't it - alcohol stops you from working on yourself and thus moving yourself forward.  I relate to lots of things here - reflecting on whether it's all a waste of time (because sobriety doesn't make me feel happy so fuck it........) not engaging with therapy (because no-one can tell me anything about myself that I didn't already know) not taking the time to consider the impact of little things on others (because I'm so important....).  What is helpful is knowing that many others share with the all of the same struggles........  Thank you all.
I think sobriety by itself isn't enough. It's what sobriety buys for you. By being sober you've bought yourself the time and energy to do the things you didn't do while you were drunk on your couch. Use that time and energy constructively whatever that means for you. For me that means reading books exercising learning to cook new things etc. Also go to therapy if you can it really does help. 
I have been sober a little over 2 months and I can 100% tell you that being sober just brought all of the other shit I've been trying to mask for years up to the forefront. There have been weeks where getting out of my bed felt like the trek to Mordor. ..But there is one major distinction between how I would deal with my shit using and how I dealt/deal with it while sober. Simply put I try. I read that book about meditation and gratitude on my night stand. I go out and try and make my existence useful by helping others. I go to AA even though I don't want to. I talk to people *really* talk to people that I trust about how I am feeling and *listen* to their advice. ..And try. I keep trying. ..Some days man they don't work well. Some days I fail so hard. But other days I knock it out of the park. Feelings emotions they are all temporary. ..I write a gratitude list every night and why I am grateful for them. ..Sobriety isn't the cure all for all the shit I have been carrying around for years but I can say that being sober is the only reason why I feel like any of my trying is actually working. I am starting to recognize improvements in my mood but I don't really focus on my mood anymore. I just keep doing the things I find enjoyable and if I don't enjoy something then I probably wont do it again. ..That's just my experience however. But hopefully it helps someone. 
At age 57 after about 30 years of over doing it with booze and gradually increasing dosages to go along with gradually worsening anxiety and depression  I'm still feeling a very gradual shift in the other direction occurring after more than a year.  The only thing now is that I have absolutely reprogrammed my sub-conscious mind to not want booze so I'm just living my newer gradually better life without thinking I might ever need to go back to the poison.  So what if it takes a while.  It's nice at 57 to feel like I have my best days ahead of me rather than in the rear view.
In a lot of ways getting sober brought to the surface a lot of issues with depression and trauma I had been repressing for years with my alcohol and drug use. These last few months in particular I have felt more depressed anxious and miserable than I have in years but instead of going out and drinking or using over it I now have the opportunity to actually look my baggage in the eyes and work my way through my issues. I think that is the big difference between now and when I was getting loaded there is an actual opportunity for change and growth into a better happier person. I just have to be willing to put in the effort.
