-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wemrh/real_damn_lonely_dont_like_my_thoughts_want_to/

Hard time tonight.  ...I got off work and it was a Monday which is my hardest day because I have a full work-load non-stop the whole way. I 'm a teacher the students are pretty bratty; they don't have malice or anything but sometimes it's not fun dealing with their playful teasing and this was one of those days.  .On the bike home from work I wanted to stop at each of the 20+ bars I passed. I wanted to do this because I didn't want to go home. I don't want to go home because I'm sober because I sit and I do nothing. I write articles that I lose interest in draw crappy drawings to try and fill the time or study languages which at this point is very confusing because I don't like where I live and will be moving but don't know where I'm moving to so I can't concentrate on any language; tried "pick one and go" and tht didn't work. I also overeat when I have a craving get bloated feel awful and then end up feeling sad and wide awake all night.  ...I'm fucking lonely. Been lonely for a long time. I'm not an unattractive person but something happened two years ago that I just don't know or understand what exactly that has rendered totally me unattractive. I really don't know what it is; it's like an aura I give off. I also feel it myself; to not get too vulgar I can't even conjure up an image of someone who I am attracted to at all in the entire world. Nobody. I haven't any interest in pornography either so it's not like there's this physical thing happening with me...  ...I watched some movie to try and kill time just now and it ended up being all about family and love and man I just ant to throw myself out the window. I'm just pacing chain-smoking and feeling bloated now from all that food and it's quarter-to-midnight here and I know that I've set myself up.. This is why I wanted to drink so damn much after work and what I knew was going to happen----So now it's midnight and no matter what I do I am utterly screwed. I'm going to be awake as always until at least 5 in the morning; every night i am awake until then. But if I fold and go buy alcohol I'm not even going to be able to get drunk until 5 in the morning and then I'll be a ghoul at work tomorrow. But if I don't drink I'm just going to keep running around and around and around this apartment and my neighborhood chain-smoking and being furious and wanting to die. I just don't ant to think about myself anymore; I'm so tired of being so self-obsessed but there is really truly nothing and nobody in my life. Nothing at all. I am so tired of dealing with this. I just ant to get drunk put on my headphones and blast stupid and fun dance music wiggle and laugh myself stupid and not think at all about anything at all and just get through this night. Not every night is this bad--- this is an especially bad one. I am sober 3-4 nights every week nowadays doing much better with sobiety and I just want to convince myself right now that it's okay to drink and put these thoughts into the swampy gutter and at the very least be able to get though anothe lonely damn night like this....  ...Just struggling. I know not to do it. I just want to...  ...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Man. Sounds like that rut your in has some pretty high walls. I wish I had something brilliant to tell you. I don't. I know in the past when I've felt completely devoid of finding anything that felt pleasant for me it was the onset of depression. I am pulling for you! IWNDWYT 
Hang in there. You can get through this moment this hour this night and you will feel better because of it. Reaching out here is a great place to start. There are so many here who can relate. ...I will not drink with you right now or later.
I understand.  Glad you're here...There's one thing that helps me change my mood dynamics:  Doing something for someone else...Now I know that you're doing something for someone else by giving of yourself to bratty kids......   I'm talking about something a little different ......    Volunteering in the community is a great way...  just an hour or so a week.  I contact United Way and look at the agencies in my community and find one or two that resonate with me.  Things like meals on wheels adults with learning disabilities Goodwill Salvation Army etc. etc.....   I meet of course the "clients" or recipients of the services but I also meet other volunteers community leaders agency staff business owners and I make new and exciting connections!..Sometimes little things break the membrane:  buying the beverage for the person in line behind me walking a neighbor's dog etc.
