-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wfk0f/its_my_strobogrammatic_palidrome_dalmatian_day/

I've gone to 2 Packers games at Lambeau Field watched a handful of football games at home and in sports bars saw Dave Chappelle and Bill Burr live went to a wedding with an open bar went to several parties played countless games of pool had the motivation to wake up (I love my sleep) and drive down to Lake Michigan to watch the sunrise with my wife and fought off all of the general "temptation" every other day for the last 101 and I didn't drink alcohol and I couldn't be happier or prouder.   ...I put "temptation" in quotes because for me (once I realized how much alcohol was giving me anxiety when I thought it was relaxing me or helping me open up in social situations when it was partially closing me off to those around me and clouding my thinking and sapping my energy and robbing me of sleep and costing me \~$500 or more per month and helping initiate fights with my wife and friends and providing nothing in return other than hangovers and not delivering on any of its promises of relaxation youth companionship and coolness) alcohol hasn't been that much of a temptation.   ...I realize that some of you reading this might read the above statement and think "Well it's not so easy for all of us" and to that I say I'm sorry and I truly hope you find peace and sobriety in the way and time that's best for you. I had 11 badge resets in 5 months before my last one so I wasn't without my struggles and I'm not naive enough to pretend that I won't have challenges in the future. I read This Naked Mind and while I was already well on my way towards thinking the way the book tries to inspire the reader to think it was educational and served as a solid reinforcement to the way I was thinking at the time.  ...This sub is also incredibly valuable. So I want to say thank you to everyone that posts on here. Your posts provide support information motivation truth and understanding for a lot of people and that's why I'm posting this today to let those of you out there that are struggling today know that you are not alone and that you can do this and more. Please just take it day by day or minute by minute or second by second if necessary. Remember that cravings don't last nearly as long as hangovers and if you're feeling alone know that you're not because IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

[Congratulations!](https://i.imgur.com/oloS167.jpg)
CongratulationssnoitalutargnoC  !!
Congratulations from [me and mine!!!](https://imgur.com/a/NYX7YBm) 
