-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9whoxy/how_do_you_deal_with_relapse/

After 3 years of trying to quit and never making it more than a month. I finally made it 3 months sober yesterday where I relapsed. I had one drink and it turned to 10 and now I just feel like a piece of shit. I'm worried now about having to go through all of the psychological pain i went through the first month. Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been on the ol sobriety journey since early January of this year. Almost made it 3 months at the most. 3 months is super impressive. Drinking again maybe feels like a failure but it's hardly so...just a learning lesson along life. I dunno for me sobriety is just going to be this lifelong thing...that may not mean I don't drink ever again I can't know that but I do know a pickle can't become a cucumber as they say. Congrats you sound strong IWDWYT
It is easier for me to bounce back from one day and a hangover than from a multi-day binge where I have climbed deep into the hole.  Hopefully it can be something to learn from and improve upon.
I'm sorry you're going through this. I understand how overwhelming and hopeless it can seem. Alcohol is cunning and baffling and I cant stay sober alone. I had to do the opposite of what I wanted or thought I should do. I was willing to do whatever it took. For me that ended up being AA going even though I was miserable and I couldn't stand the God word.  Got a sponsor  started dealing with my feelings and addiction instead of ignoring that it was a problem. I do the opposite of what *i* think I should do because alone I got nowhere but drunk and miserable. For the first time in my life I have more than 6 months of sobriety.  I have people I talk to every day who support me and tell me I can do this and talk me off the edge when it feels like it's too much. .Someone told me that sobriety isnt for those who want it or for those who need it but for those who are willing to work for it. I choose to work for my sobrity today. Big hug to you. 
If you're dieting for a month and working out then have a bad day and don't work out and eat a box of doughnuts does it undo your month of hard work?  ..Absolutely not.  Don't be so hard on yourself.  It's a process.   
I went through many many years of cycles like that.  To stop my butt sat itself down at AA meetings and I kept going and reached out for help when I felt weak.  Have you tried AA?  ..ps:  No one likes AA at first.
