-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wk4cd/i_deserve_it_no_no_i_dont/

One of the core issues that I'm dealing with is that I have a serious habit of stopping someplace on the way home to "treat" myself. ..It was candy as a kid.   As a teenager and young adult maybe it was arcade games. As I got older it was fast food. Then... it became alcohol. ..See alcohol is a problem for me but it's not the root of my problem.  It's taken a long time to figure that out.  I still am working out the *why* underlying that; once I figure that out I can really fix it...Anyway  I've taken to working out after work.  Unfortunately this doesn't seem to meet that "treat myself" fix...So I'm headed home. And that lizard brain sets just exactly these words: .."You deserve a glass of wine on the way home."..And... in a flash of accidental brilliance  I  responded....."No I don't.  What did I do wrong to deserve punishment?"..Maybe it sounded better in my head.   But turning the situation around... to what  the *reality* if it is... that was what I needed...I'm home now.  And I have a pretty good life so I'm starting to wonder why I keep trying to avoid being home.   That I suppose is my next struggle. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good job tonight!!!
Good job being on it and making good decisions for tomorrow 
Have you ever seen that street card scam 3 Card Monte?..The dealer shows you 2 black 10s and a red Jack.  He moves them around and asks you where the Jack is.  Then to help you he bends the corner of the Jack to make it "easier" to distinguish.  Now you can't lose right?..Yet the Jack is never where you think it is and you lose....  again...I realized that my mind plays three-card monte with me pursing "Why"....  why do I do this? Why do I do that?  *if only I could* **understand**....that was my plaintive wail......If only I knew "why" then I would .... what?  Nothing would be different.  I'd still lose.  ..My mind makes "why" the elusive Red Jack.  Because as long as I'm pursuing "why" I am distracted from "what"......  What I need to do differently...Why exists in my cognition.  Here's the kicker:  I create Why.  I decide Why.  It's always been in my hand...the Red Jack...When I shifted my attention from looking for the the non existent Jack I could focus on what I needed to do to be sober to heal..."Why" is *whatever I decide to do*.....
Awesome job re-training your mind to respond that way instead of "hey you're right I should..." ..That's truly badass. 
That is a great way to think about it! I often think about consumption rewards too...candy wine etc. But it punishes my body and  brain. Now I will think about walking my dog as my reward!   Thank you for sharing.
Nice work! You deserve to not poison yourself get a great night sleep and be proud of yourself   
You are right. Alcohol is no treat. It's a punishment.
Deserving is a tricky feeling I used to work out like crazy thinking that i didn't deserve love for being out of shape and what not today I workout because I love myself and I deserve the health benefits the looking good is just collateral part...Your take on deserving drink as a punishment really resonated with me thank you!
I finished work walked past a pub and said ooh let's have a beer...and then my brain said...mate you made a twat of yourself on Friday this is why you're not drinking. 4 days in (and for the hundredth time) I'm now telling myself "I can't" when the mindset arrives. I'm the same as you so i get it. I'm going to try and reprogram my brain to say "i can't" when the voice arrives! Chin up another day down for both of us!
