-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wl1vh/its_like_they_know/

For the last 4 months or so my son has preferred my SO to me. I won't lie it broke my heart that my baby boy would turn away from me when I'd be doing just about anything with him: getting him dressed dinner baths etc. ..Well tonight he wasn't feeling 100% and asked for **me**! ..He was attached to me all night and I couldn't help but wonder...was he put off before by the smell of alcohol on me? By the way I acted? ..I don't know if he's old enough to have noticed or not but I damn sure held that kid as long as he'd let me tonight. When he fell asleep in my arms I was more content than I've been in years. ..My sweet SO said  awww you're like comfort food for him   which made us both laugh about whether or not he was equating me with mashed potatoes and meatloaf. ..And what's funny is today I struggled with this decision to not drink. But if I had I'd never have had that experience tonight. ..Anyway I just thought I'd share in case anyone is on the fence tonight. Missing out on moments like tonight It's not worth it. And the thing is you never know when a little bit of wonderful will just pop up in your life. I guess for me being sober is being ready for wonderful. ..Have a great sober night everyone. Looking forward to tomorrow. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh this post is so sweet. &lt;3
Aww I love this!! I don't think my kids were ever aware of alcohol. But I can say they absolutely prefer this version of me. Present &amp; happy. Instead of shuffling them off to bed it's a treat most nights to cuddle up in my bed &amp; watch our fav shows together. I can't believe how much time u wasted thinking they were something that I had to check off my list before I could get my  alone time . ..So happy you got to experience that!! Iwndwyt 
&gt;And the thing is you never know when a little bit of wonderful will just pop up in your life. I guess for me being sober is being ready for wonderful. ..Beautiful. And with kids it's also being ready for moments that may be less that wonderful. It's all about being present. Nice job on being present for 41 days...Happy to be sober with you tonight. and tomorrow.
My oldest is only 4 and I can't tell you how horrible it felt pulling into the parking lot to buy alcohol and hearing her little voice ask if I was buying ucky drinks again  
Good stuff.ThanksIWNDWYT 
Thanks for this. Really great way to look at it. IWNDWYT! 
One time I considered bringing my baby son to a bar (in a snuggli). I didn't but man that's a bad memory. Quitting is absolutely the best thing we can do for our kids. IWNDWYT!
Very touching post. I'm so happy for you and your child. IWNDWYT  
That's awesome. No one ever regretted not drinking. IWNDWYT 
&gt; being sober is being ready for wonderful. ..Boom.  What a way to look at things!
Bam right in the feels! IWNDWYT!!!
Wow thanks for this. I'm struggling right now and I always try to think what will I remember about tonight if I drink? That is my biggest fear. That I'll wake up one day and not remember my kids growing up because I was shitfaced for most of it. Iwndwyt.
That sounds like a good memory to hold onto when the urge to drink seeps in. :) 
Fantastic story.  Thanks for posting. Iwndwyt 
