-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wq4lz/had_a_relapse_almost_died/

I'm still feeling physically mentally and emotionally broken. I'm embarrassed and extremely scared for myself. I don't really want to go into the details just yet. All I can say is that after 5 months of sobriety it took ONE SIP of champagne at my wedding to send me into a 48 hour bender. My wedding was amazing and I'm so happy I was able to stay somewhat coherent for it. The day after my wedding I almost died. By some fucking miracle someone I know found me passed out on the street in the middle of a city and got me help....I have 24 hours of sobriety under my belt. I'm still alive. My husband while very worried is also being incredibly supportive and understanding. Today I'm heading to an AA meeting tonight I leave for my honeymoon. I have a plan in place to stay sober while I'm there. I'm so grateful to be back on the sobriety wagon. I went out and did the research that moderation doesn't work so you all don't have to. Today I will not drink!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

You've started again be proud of that. You have a supportive husband who loves and supports you be proud of that. You are making the best plans to not let it happen again be proud of that. It was a mistake and you recognise it was a mistake be proud of that. Enjoy your honeymoon and IWNDWYT &lt;3
In your situation and if I had health insurance I would get into therapy maybe once or twice a week with a professional therapists and try to find the underlying causes of the addiction...You re also freshly married and you could see this as a new chapter in that you truly get free of addiction...I also would make it clear to my husband that he understands that I can t drink not even in very special occasions...It s good that you stopped so quick and *I* wish you all the best and you can do it but doing it on ones own is very difficult so at best get yourself support from different places.
Jesus. Sorry to hear. Your story helps me in my sobriety today my actions have consequences. X
Zero is easy. One is impossible.
Oh jeez how awful **:-(**. I'm just glad you were found in time and that you got help before it was too late...Sending you strength.
Good for you for getting the first 24 hours under your belt!!..I soooo feel you on this. I got married just over a month ago. I've known I've had a problem for quite some time but the stress of wedding planning plus an unstable job situation this summer really had me at my worst. I managed to get through my wedding and honeymoon without getting to my usual sloppy drunk and vowed to get help once we were back to regular life. But I didn't. Real life hit me hard and my new husband came home from his first day back to work to a sobbing drunk wife who drank a whole fifth of vodka. I don't remember the details but it felt awful. We had literally just vowed before our friends and family to give each other the best of ourselves and that was not it. ..I got help though! And it truly feels great! I started off just wanting to get "sober for a little bit" but I'm now finally able to consider a sober lifetime. I'm feeling like a good partner again. You got this! Lean on your hubby for support. 
Oh boy well the good thing is - you are still married and didn't (hopefully) make any irreversible decisions. Stay strong. IWNDWYT! 
Yikes
Very sad story to read one of the most important days of you and your husbands life and then to go on a bender like that the day after and be found in the city is very sad. This is horrible advice to hear but instead of going on your honeymoon you should probably be getting treatment. You have the rest of your life to enjoy life with your husband if you can fight this thing. If you are going on your honeymoon you really need to be vigilant stay busy and occupied. Where are you going? Hopefully not to a place that will trigger you. Stay safe. 
i feel this.  Thank you.  IWNDWYT
It's crazy how any given relapse could literally be our last. Congrats on pulling out of this one. You've been given another chance. Take advantage of it!
I'm sorry that you experienced this but thank you for sharing - helps beat back the little voice in my head that says "you're fine to just have one"
Glad you're alive! What's your plan to stay sober on your honeymoon? Are there meetings where you're going?  Good luck.
IWNDWYT
Welcome back!
One breath one step one minute one hour one day at a time. 
Glad you are Ok. Alcohol is a sneaky beast ... looks for an opportunity or opening to be let back in and then makes a mess.  Have a wonderful honeymoon!
Holy shit.  Glad you are alright.  Also CONGRATS on getting married enjoy your honeymoon ! We are rooting for you...IWNDWYT.
Welcome back! Glad to have you with us! Hang on and enjoy your honeymoon ;) iwndwyt
Glad you didn't die.  I hope the honeymoon is amazing.  Congrats on the marriage.  Be kind to yourself.  We all make mistakes.  IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing. And thanks for being here.  Xx
So glad you are safe and okay now. Wishing you a happy and healthy honeymoon! IWNDWYT
FFS - okay I don't exactly feel like I was trying to tell you what to do OP it was more a cheerleader vibe and show of encouragement. But in the interests of keeping within the parameters of what I have been made aware of:..You've started again if this was me I would be proud of that. It sounds like you have a supportive husband who loves and supports you if this was me I would be proud of that.  It sounds like you are making the best plans to not let it happen again if this was me I would be proud of that. It sounds like it was a mistake and you recognise it was a mistake if this was me I would be proud of that. if this was me I would enjoy my honeymoon and IWNDWYT &lt;3.
I'm getting married this Saturday and I so desperately want to drink.. Just like you maybe just some champagne. After all I handpicked it out like all the cocktails and wines for the night...why should I be the only one left out? ..But I won't. I won't. Your story came at an eerily opportune time and I feel like this was a sign I was looking for..Thank you so much for sharing this. 
It may have been scary but to my mind great. ..Now don't take it wrong please...But this may be just what you needed...I heard in AA reservations are for Indians. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. .
