-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wx2hk/9_months_today/

So here I am nine months of being sober. I fantasized about not drinking for a LONG time (I've since learned this is one of the symptoms of a major alcohol problem who knew?!). But I couldn't see how I'd move from it being a fantasy to it being real and a large part of me dreaded what a life without drinking would be like. I can honestly say having just turned 44 years old that it's the best thing I've ever done for myself. ..I think the biggest thing I've gained is not to be scared all the time anymore. What I really mean is - not to be scared of my own thoughts and of reality. I've always hated pain and so anytime anything difficult came up in my head or in real life I would drink and that would take it away for a while. Then the next day I had something else to deal with - a hangover the fallout of a big night out (or increasingly a night in and on my own) - but at least I would have had some relief for a while. ..Now with the help of the world of recovery and the people I've met AA some psychotherapy /stopdrinking (which I only found a few weeks ago) and just getting desperate enough to ask for help my life feels completely and utterly different. It doesn't look that different from the outside - same job married kids etc - but it's entirely changed. ..This morning I had a healthy breakfast with my wife I called my sister who's also in recovery in the US (I'm in Sydney) chatted to her dropped the kids at school went running through the national park on my doorstep (it's been there for the 13 years I've lived here but it only dawned on me I could run through it a month or so ago) did some work went for an ocean swim at lunchtime (I hated swimming until recently) did some more work called a mate in recovery saw some old friends who are happily still drinking because they aren't alcoholics had a nap on the sofa. Tonight I'll go to a meeting and get a chip. Then I'll go to bed sober and be thankful for another day. ..If you're struggling you're here and that means you're on a journey and it will get better. ..I could choose to throw it all away if I wanted but I hope I don't. IWNDWYT!!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations   
Congratulations!
Happy 9 months to you!  9 months seemed like a turning point for me.  Like it felt real natural I felt together and happier.  Congrats on your wonderful achievement.  IWNDWYT
Wow well done on 9 months! So that was the gestation period here comes your brand new life!   ..I could pretty much have written your post except I'm coming up to 30 days not 9 months and I've never been to an AA meeting. other than that pretty much the same...I am loving being sober so much sounds like you are too. Congrats and IWNDWYT
