-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wx2j3/thanksgiving_is_coming_up_and_im_afraid_im_going/

Heylo all! ..Thanksgiving is coming up soon my family drinks...a lot.  I haven't been in the presence of alcohol because simply I do not trust myself. I'm still in college so when my buds invite me to go out to parties or the bar I make up excuses to avoid the situation. Last week I went to my first AA meeting I've been to three so far!  I'm so close to 30 days I really want a chip I've been working so hard. ..&amp;#x200B;..What do you when your around alcohol? ..&amp;#x200B;.. .. 
----------immediate responses--------

I made a vow I'd post here before I drink again.  It slows me down before making an impulsive decision and allows me to get help.  This has saved me a few times. ..Best wishes to you! IWNDWYT 
I lie. ..I say things like... I'm doing a sober November with friends.  I'm on a diet. I'm training for a race and have a long run in the morning (not a lie).  I'm driving. I don't feel well. My stomach hurts. I'm getting over something. ..I feel like going to a meeting before going to your family's home may be helpful. Further don't feel obligated to stay longer than needed. If things get bad take a walk or just leave. ..I will not drink with you on Thanksgiving! Good luck getting that chip. You're doing great. 
I don't know what I would do when I am around alcohol - the only instances so far have been in big stores or in restaurants. I just try to not look at it. I don't like to be around alcohol. I am scared. I think being afraid works for me. I am focusing on staying smart rather than staying strong...&amp;#x200B;..If possible - avoid being around alcohol. OR Avoid being around alcohol without someone there who knows you have quit. OR avoid being around alcohol unless you make a big excuse /lie as soon as you enter - something like I am on meds / or sober NOV ar /u/mochiibunn suggested here...&amp;#x200B;..Good luck.  Almost 30 days is a big achievement. Keep going...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I don't know if it's possible because there may be travel involved and airline tickets already purchased but would it be the end of the world if you skipped out on Thanksgiving this year? ..From your post I'm guessing that your family doesn't know about your situation but is there someone at home that you trust enough to confide in and help you run interference and/or just generally keep watch out for you on Thanksgiving? ..
Over holidays a lot of places will step up the number of AA meetings for exactly the reasons you're describing. If going to meetings has been helpful sit down now and try to plan out a few meetings to go to over the next week. Another great thing is getting people's numbers and stepping out for a few minutes to call someone. Have you gotten any numbers at the meetings you've been to?
Honestly my go-to has been when people offer me a drink I say nah I'm good thanks. When the second question of  why are you pregnant?  Inevitably comes I just make a funny face and say no it just hasn't been agreeing with me lately. Sometimes even lightly tap my stomach for good measure. No one wants to hear about your toilet troubles and usually they move on to their next person pretty quickly.
