-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9wyndo/im_staring_at_3_bottles_of_wine_i_know_how_much/


----------immediate responses--------

How long will you feel good for? Maybe a few drinks and then spend some hours chasing the high and then you're right back starting again. Stay strong.
Hold on day two and three is rough if you make it past four days it gets so much easier. I dumped a lot of beer down the drain to get past day two three and four. Hang in there.
In my experience the feeling tomorrow and the few days after that living with the shame and regret do not make that initial feeling worthwhile. You can do it! IWNDWYT
It will only help for a few hours and then you go right back to feeling shitty if not worse with a hangover. Keep going on strong 
You can do this! Stay strong 
Don't do it no good could come of it.
You just have to distract yourself! Find something else to do or to get your mind off of it. 
I was gifted 9 bottles of wine. The pressure is definitely there. 
Hey you can always drink them tomorrow if you really want to then.  .Just not today and you can do this easily.  .Nothing is lost by postponing it until tomorrow.
It will make you feel "good" for maybe 5 minutes....At least that was it like for me. It would make me feel horrible for days.....Are there maybe some new ways you can try this time? Of course I don't know what you have tried already. I'm wishing strength!! Chat over here on hard moments/days. We know what it feels like. IWNDWYT.
You will stink in the morning. 
When I have been successful in staying sober I've always begun by getting all the booze out of the house.  First off seeing it triggers temptations so its better out of site. Second the time it takes to get to a shop or bar is often enough to let me reconsider and turn around. If it's within reach its so much easier to cave in.
I love you all so much. I've resisted so far thanks to your support.
Here is what I found...wanting to drink does not feel good for me.  I was torn in two by wanting to drink and wanting to get sober.  I got help by doing what you are doing now coming to Stop Drinking.  Then I took it one day at a time.  That led to sobriety peace and freedom.  Now most of the time I do not want to drink.  This feels really good not like the guilty escape into drunkenness with the inevitable hangover and depression.  One day at a time led to freedom for me...You can do this! I'm rooting for you! IWNDWYT 
[removed]
If you wish to drink that is your business...If and when you wish to stop you can make it our business.
Also on Day 2.  Put them in an outside garbage area.  Good luck today. 
The first few days are really hard I know but it is so worth it. Picture yourself 3 bottles down. Picture tomorrow after 3 bottles today. Take a minute to smell and feel that hungover guilty anxiety ridden feeling. Now picture yourself having resisted and fought hard for your new sober life.  You may be tired and disgrintled with life but you will have won a major battle for yourself and for those whom you love. I couldn't do this with alcohol in the house. I am too early on my journey and need the distance between me and drink so that I don't cave at the first urge. I will not drink with you today and I will look forward to hearing all about your journey. You can do this.
They lie. You will feel good for the first one or two. Ask someone to take them away and distract yourself with something else.  The desire to drink will fade with time so go fill the time until then with other things you like to do. ..Day 2 is tough. Good luck buddy you can do this!
You can fail all the times you do in the past as long as the next try to be sober succeeds.   I am on day 5 with a dozen failed attempts behind me and even more attempts to control what I drank.
Can't even tell you how many badge resets I've got.  Stay the course friend.  With you here all the way!
I also failed to quit dozens of times. In fact I failed EVERY time until the time I didn't (this time). Don't quit quitting. 
I'll join you in not drinking today - we can do this together :-) 
Good luck! Stay strong. 
Stop staring at them:) Put them in a cupboard or pour them down the sink and find a distraction. The craving will pass. 
Hello fellow teacher here - I used a book -This Naked Mind by Annie Grace - I have it on audio - it completely changed my view of alcohol - Best decision of my life 
Hang in there.  Do anything but open them. 
They won't make you feel good.  They only will temporarily release you from the pain that they have caused you.   By not drinking them it may take longer to feel good but you will escape that pain forever.  Feeling good forever is amazing! .IWNDWYT! 
Personally I would have already poured those down the drain and put the empties in the recycling bin. Or just gifted them to my normie friends.  Look at it this way - one way or the other booze winds up going down the sewer it's just a matter of whether it passes through your body first or not.  ..I had probably close to $300 in liquor beer and wine that I sent down the drain on Day 1 with I will admit some regret.  But that soon turned to a lot of regret that I hadn't done it sooner - perhaps years sooner. ..The first three days are the hardest.  I was able to distract myself by taking walks around my neighborhood running errands and binge watching Netflix and YouTube.  Also reading a lot of r/SD.  I knew the more I focused on other things even for a few minutes an hour or a few hours the less my mind could drift to how good those first two drinks would feel.  Failing all else I would play the tape backward - to when I was drinking and how sick I got...As others have said the counter badge helped too (still does) as I could wake up every day to a +1 on my number.  I look at others who are much farther up the trail and it's become an inspiration and a motivator to keep working at it and reap the dividends of feeling better daily.  
Good on you for not drinking for 2 days! Congrats! ..A word of advise: pour the wine out. Right now. Not only will you be removing temptation from your home but you'll also be symbolically representing what you are doing with your life. You're putting alcohol in your past and moving on...Also the level of "good" you feel when drinking wine will continue to decline and you will try to drink more to find that level of "good" again. I used to feel good too. Until I didn't. Until I felt miserable when I drank and miserable when I wasn't drinking. ..But when I stopped drinking I didn't feel good - I felt *happy*. I felt clear. It did take some work to get through the initial first few weeks as your body will ache for alcohol; but once you get past it life takes on a wonderful new light...You can do this! &lt;3
Ugh that is tough. I can't have anything in the house or I am a goner. Luckily I am single so I can control what is in my home. Hang in there and know IWNDWYT!
It's hard to do it alone. This sub is very helpful. Consider AA or another program. They are very helpful as well. We had a lady that was doing the 90 in 90 to help her stay focused. Stay strong and IWNDWYT! 
Lots of great advice here and I'm going to add this - have you gone to AA?..I tried AA in 1999 and walked out because 1) I wasn't an alcoholic I just drank too much 2) I expected AA to teach me moderation not abstinence and 3) who believes in God? Then I spent 13 years drinking/white knuckle sobriety until I'd lost everything. Then I went back to AA...This time I didn't fight the program. I just listened and went to meetings. I didn't work the steps I didn't believe in God (still don't!) and I didn't get involved but *I went to meetings*. I live in a big city with a lot of groups so I went to a bunch of different ones. ..Some I liked some bored me some were too big some too small but I went to all of them. They really helped me get through that first month and hearing the message over and over again - "I'm an alcoholic and my life in unmanageable" - made me realize how much booze was ruining my life. I still had cravings every day but at least I had a real-life tool that was helping me. ..After I found the AA program is valuable and it has changed me and my life but you don't have to do that. I like to say AA is a ship rescuing people drowning in a sea of booze. Once you're sober they will let you off at the shore if you want or you can stay aboard and help save others. Clearly I stayed on but you don't have to. I hope you give AA a try. 
Mercilessly beat it into your brain that it actually doesn't make you feel good. That situation is actually evidence that it doesn't make you feel good. You being on this sub and making this post is evidence that it doesn't make you feel good. You drink that wine and your net feeling of good vs bad will be bad. ..It won't make you feel good. That's addiction making you lie to yourself. ..What feels the best is knowing you have the problem and saying no. Waking up tomorrow and feeling success. *That* will make you feel good...You got this! **IWNDWYT**
It doesn't feel good for all that long....hang in there.
Why are you staring at 3 bottles of wine and not dumping them down the sink?  Be honest with yourself as to why you are still holding on to them.  To give strength my life is better. IWNDWYT.
Don't confuse satisfying a vice with feeling good. It doesn't feel good. At least not but for a few minutes. 
At 6 months sober I found myself staring at a pint of wine. I'd been to the shop for my usual groceries and couldn't even remember buying it but sure enough there was a bottle of wine in the bag...I'd been going to AA every day for 6 months just trying to scare myself into not taking that first drink but it hadn't been enough. I literally had no mental defence against it - as soon as I saw the bottled I unscrewed the cap and poured it out into a pint glass because that's the way I used to start my drinking sessions with a pint of wine down in one. It was like I was watching someone else's hands and arms doing it and before I knew it the pint glass was too my lips...Bit something stopped me  - an act of providence perhaps and I put it down on the counter top and stared at it for 20 minutes. All those AA meetings weren't wasted because I just played it through in my mind what would happen if I drank it. I knew it would set off an irresistible craving for more as soon as I tasted it and one bottle would never be enough. I'd end up going back to the shop for more wine and spirits and that I'd might never be able to stop again...Eventually I poured it down the sink and because I'd got into the habit of going to AA meetings every day I got on the bus and soon found myself at one. In that meeting I heard something I'd never heard in an AA meeting before. People had probably been saying it at every meeting but I only heard it for the first time that night. A guy shared that he was 4 years sober and 3 and a half years ago "the obsession to drink had left him" he said. Well it certainly hadn't left me. He had what I wanted so at the end of the meeting I asked him if he would be my sponsor and take me through the 12 steps that I had been avoiding all those months. I'm pleased to say it worked. These days I don't come home from shopping with bottles of wine I couldn't remember buying and I don't stare at pints of wine for 20 minutes anymore.
Yesterday was incredibly tough for me - like many alcohol is my panacea and I ran into some people work wise that royally screwed me over. And I was in a drinking environment. I have sleep issues so went to bed stressing but I bare knuckled through it and feel invincible today. Take it Hour by hour I guess but over the past 2+ years this is the first time I've made it past 7-8 days. 
I would pour them out or gift them away (if it could be an immediate option).  I know I would sit and stare at them until I gave in.  Day 2 is  too hard of a struggle on its own that I wouldn't want to have a reason for lack of impulse control sitting in front of me.
I had a really hard time not drinking yesterday. I took a really long walk (cried through the first mile or so) and drank so much seltzer and juice. It helped. Today is  better. I hope today gets better for you too!
First few days are rough...stick it out and the craving le will diminish....it gets better!
My advice would be to pour them out or give them away...Especially in the beginning my addict mind would rationalize by thinking:  "drink them *then* that's it; no more."  (and the cycle repeats.)..Even at 1000+ days I keep a DRY home.  While my sobriety is stable one really bad day could change that and having alcohol in my home would make it too easy.
Having them in front of you is too much of a distraction .You may not drink them today but something might trigger and you'll drink them tomorrow..Until you are feeling strong enough around alcohol remove ALL temptation..Don't think about the money or that its a waste or you may as well just these last ones....GET RID NOW. .You don't need it or infact really want it. They will never make you feel better .You deserve to feel hangover free and sober tomorrow no regrets or shame...Pour them away now and breathe 
I can't have booze in my house!  I wouldn't be able to stare at those bottles lol.  Maybe have someone take them to help you out?  I had my MIL take my last 6 pack.  Good luck!
Said like frat boys at a bar "DUMP IT DUMP IT DUMP IT YYYYAAAAAHHHHH" :high fives and chest bumps;:
the first week is the hardest.  make your choice.
It's hard enough staring down the end cap of my favorite wine at target. I must have been standing there for five minutes just stopped dead in my tracks staring at the wine. Not selecting one like a normal person but having a war in my mind trying to avoid the siren call. I think if any of you had seen me it would have been obvious what was going on. I didn't buy any. The debate in my head was still going on as I forced myself to walk away and even now days later it is still nagging at me. ..I think 90% of my making it this far is just not buying it. Because I know deep down if I had a bottle right here I'd drink it. I'd tell myself I won't I'll save it for a  special   occasion but I'd probably only last a few hours before I gave in. I know it. ..Maybe someday I can have it around like a  normal   person but it's way too early. I'd advise getting rid of the wine or if you drink it absolutely don't bring anymore home any time soon. Iwndwyt 
I'm a at 2 years and a few months now. I had a party at my place a few weeks ago on my birthday. There were beers leftover after the party so I gathered them up and put them in a corner with the intention of giving them to the first friend to come over who drinks. Fast forward to them being in my house about a week ago... I had an absolutely horrible few days and up until that point completely forgot that there was alcohol in my house. I had the sudden overwhelming urge to drink them right away and my anxiety went through the roof. I had about a minute or two of irrational contemplation before getting them out of my house. ..From my experience even when I think that I'm in the clear there still are random instances of extreme temptation. I was fortunate that I was able to self talk myself out of this one.  I almost threw away my longest stretch of sobriety just because I thought that I could trust myself being alone with alcohol in place. My point is that even after 2+ years I can still go back to feeling the same level of vulnerability as when I first began my commitment to sobriety. I now realize that I still can't keep alcohol in my house and probably never will be able to. ..IWDWYT
Did you clean out the alcohol before quitting or are these newly acquired bottles?
Is it gonna be the green pill or the red pill? .I guess it's your choice but choose well and choose yourself..IWNDWYT 
Get those outta sight RIGHT NOW. You deserve better than the false love those bottles promise.
I still have bottles around for company but they are never left out in eyesight.
I have a different relationship with the 2 bottles of white that sit in my kitchen..They aren't going in the fridge. They can sit there in the full knowledge that they have no power over me now. .I'm angry with them. I talk to them as I pass them and I mock them. They took a big part of me and I enjoy knowing that they won't be getting it back..I am totally resolute in this journey. I have paid way too much for this ticket. ..When I gave up smoking I kept half a pack in my bag for a few months then they were in a drawer for 2 years. I never lit one..I would open the drawer give them a smug look then slam it shut. Eventually a friend was at my house craving a cigarette. I said  You are welcome to these'..Apparently they were highly unpleasant to smoke - oh well. ..It's like I have a compulsive need to meet my enemy head on. There is no chance that I'll go out and buy some impulsively which I would then possibly drink. It's right there and I have consciously rejected it..I guess it's part of who I am...If I took a swig of alcohol I'd be letting myself down in the most horrible way. Right now it's all about ME and reclaiming myself. I feel myself rising up every single day and it is empowering. .Previously I would buy alcohol at different stores to avoid the shame. I'd hide bottles through shame. I'd drink a sly bottle when everyone was asleep. It was all about managing the perception of others...Now I genuinely don't care what anyone else thinks. I'm publicly detoxing. I'm telling everyone how great I feel not drinking..90% of them had no idea that I had a problem but I did. I knew for a long time but I pretended. ..There's no way to fool yourself when you've admitted what you are. It won't go back in the box so I celebrate the fact that it doesn't own me anymore. ..I will not be drinking with you today my friend. 
