-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x302i/dealing_with_the_biggest_test_to_my_sobriety/

I quit drinking a little over 5 months ago and so far it's been relatively easy for me. I was a weekend binge drinker who occasionally drank during the week at work happy hours or other events. The biggest struggle was the change in my social life. However I'm in the midst of the biggest test of my sobriety. My grandpa had a stroke a few days ago and this is the first major life stressor I've had to deal with sober. To say it's been tough is an understatement - he likely won't recover from this. I've visited him in the hospital twice and the second time I had a complete breakdown. It was really hard to see him in that condition unable to eat or speak and completely paralyzed on one side. I lost two other grandparents years ago but back then I had alcohol to numb the pain. This time around I'm actually feeling that pain and although it feels awful right now I know drinking isn't going to make the situation better. I was honest with my parents about wanting to drink after I saw him and they insisted that I stay with them for the night so they could keep an eye on me. I'm lucky to have supportive parents like that. Not sure what the point of this post is other than to vent and let others know that drinking is not the answer to your problems. I'm so glad I didn't drink earlier this week and I know that I can get through this. Thanks for taking the time to read this. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry. Stay strong! IWNDWYT..My grandfather died five years ago during Christmas also because of a stroke. I didn't handle that well: in fact I spent whole Christmas time drinking and smoking weed till total blackout because reality seemed unmanageable. I visited him in a hospital after a night of heavy drinking and smoking - he was in terrible condition I can't describe it - just before funeral I forced my family to let me see him in a coffin; seeing him for the last time dead was much much better than remembering him dying. I was drunk as fuck when the doctor phoned from the hospital and told me that everything is over. When I finally sobered up the reality was even worse than before because it hit me with double force and I had hangover and intense post-weed brainfog. All emotions all feelings all this things it returned to me like a boomerang. It was fucking terrible but it was a lesson. Hard lesson...I don't want to remember this but I must remember because it is obvious that in some point in the future another people from my family wil die and I would need to deal with all this things again. Sober...&amp;#x200B;..So once again stay strong.
I have a similar story at the moment. My elderly mother is in hospital. I definitely would have drank before. I am approaching 250 days and I can honestly say I bearly thought of drinking. I thought more about sobriety and how could I get through this whilst drinking. My anxiety is so much less than if I had been drinking. My energy levels are better which really helps get through this. Don't get me wrong it still is very hard to deal with but I have learned to live with my emotions which I used to numb with alcohol.
This is really tough. It sounds like you and your grandfather are surrounded by so much love and (as a nurse and a human) that is the purest moments you will experience.. Family love is the ultimate gift which many do not have and the joy is contained in the pain right now for you. ..I'm glad you are not drinking through them. Many people seek spiritual comfort at this point. I know when my father was diagnosed even as a nurse who had worked in palliative care I sought more comfort and resources because it hurts in a deep place. ..I found Stephen Levines book " Healing into life and death" really practical. I also adore this guy - he was able to calm me down when i needed it some nights. .https://youtu.be/BZZupDuprhU ..I wish you so much support and comfort right now-  
So sorry....   IWNDWYT
