-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x317g/bojack_horseman/

I know at least some people have taken inspiration/understanding from this show but I thought I would bring it up and recommend it to anyone who is struggling with happiness drinking self esteem any sort of personal challenge...On the surface it looks like a another silly animated show like "Family Guy" etc.  It has bright colors anthropomorphised characters living alongside humans etc.  You could not be more wrong.  Sure there are plenty of sight gags and rude easy humor but there is a lot of depth as the characters especially Bojack explore their personalities and search for meaning...For me it's been helpful as well as entertaining.  Give the first 2 seasons a shot and you might some things to relate to in it.  
----------immediate responses--------

I have yet to see a better show about depression drinking  self loathing and destructive spirals than this show. Really hit close to home sometimes but overall a great show!
Excellent suggestion! 
Zelda Breath of the Wild served me well for many many months.  And then it was BJH for all sorts of reasons.  Love that show.
Ok i will try it again. I watch one episode and for me then while i identified and thought it was clever i didn't see any solutions? ..Do you feel like it offers solutions or is it more showing what the problems are? 
This show drives me crazy.  Every single episode starts out so hopeful and then ends in a truly awful trainwreck.
Bojack definitely brought to surface a lot of issues I'd been ignoring for years. The "free churro" episode in particular hit me really close to home and I've still been dealing with the emotional fallout and feelings I've had towards parents. Watching Bojack is like watching a slightly more exaggerated version of all the worst parts of myself and it is terrifying to me that I can relate to him on such a profound level.
Drunk BoJack is very similar to drunk me. Irrational deeply sadden and making up shitty excuses to get more fucked up. 
 You know sometimes I feel like I was born with a leak and any goodness I started with just slowly spilled out of me and now it's all gone.  ...That line really hits close to home.
I watched most of the programme not too long ago having seen the first few episodes a few years ago. It really does get very deep and I've really enjoyed watching it I'm glad I returned to it...
So weird.  My buddy mentioned it to me tonight and I just watched the first episode!
Sorry i dont know how to hide spoilers but the episode at his mom's funeral where his mind just kind of wonders for 25 minutes. I completely related to. Best episode ever. 
Also Will Arnett had a pretty serious battle with alcoholism himself.  He actually attributes his sobriety to his success pre- Arrested Development I think he was in pretty bad shape wrestling with alcohol...He sobered up and started getting solid work and now is really famous
This show really hit home to me even long before I was ready to quit drinking. 
I don't even really like TV and this show hits home for me. So close in fact that I have trouble watching it. It's truly brilliant... and also I am so not ready for that mirror to be held up to me. Sorry Bojack. Maybe later.
This show really makes me want to drink
