-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9x44f8/im_officially_retiring/

I'm getting really sick of this Groundhog Day bullshit. I quit for 3 months a while back and for some stupid ass reason I thought it'd be a good idea to go back. I've been struggling to make it 1 day lately. Just because I can work from home and hide my drinking from my coworkers/wife. That stops today...I love reading success stories here and want to add my own soon. I want to do a 1 30 60 90 day check in. ..Thanks for all the inspiration you guys. I won't let you down.
----------immediate responses--------

Lets do this!
Good for you. That feeling of being stuck in a negative cycle is incredibly frustrating to the point that you feel insane. I've been trying to break the loop for years now. I actually wrote down how long it's been on the notepad app screenshot it and now have it as my background on my phone. I'm hoping the next time I am tempted to drink I look at that and it's enough to convince me not to. I have already wasted a lot of years and i really don't want to get another 5 years down the line and think if only I'd stopped then (ie now). Let's do this!
  IWNDWYT 
Retiring from drinking was a good idea for me! Good luck! I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
Oh my god Groundhog Day is perfect. Thats what it is. Hungover swear it off forever wait a little while heal up start drinking against start breaking everything down again repeat.
This really resonates with me. Just because I CAN do something self-destructive and hide it doesn't mean I SHOULD. Making better choices one decision at a time is working out well for me. Best wishes! 
Welcome back!
Well said. Written how I would write it - from the heart.
I do a daily check on myself...Each day  I plan to be sober...Oh you won't let me down if you drink...I done it an hour or even a Minuit at a time  when I started and still do...If I were working from home. I would find a reason to go to office work each day. Would give me accountability. I would make this mid afternoon or so...This would get me over a hump for a few days...  
Good luck 
I'm looking forward to your updates!
I'd say you've got some great motivation going here. ..When I came to my life was a wreck. Those first days were not easy those where the hardest.  Each day I stayed sober was like winning a glorious battle knowing I was fighting tooth and nail to get my life back they were the hardest but I look at them now and I'm so grateful for the strength I found inside myself then. ..
I'm about to start working remotely no idea how hard temptation will be with that and definitely scared...You got this! Congrats on making the big step in the right direction
Oh god I can relate. I mostly work from home too. And it's just so easy to finish work early and start drinking then start work late the next day to recover. ..I didn't drink last night and when I was myself in the mirror this morning I was surprised to see that I didn't look like shit or feel like shit. ..Godspeed and tell us how you're doing. 
Enjoy your retirement and new career free from ethanol. IWNDWYT!
Welp. I made it. Day 1 is in the bag. Triggers all day but I managed to ignore them. It's 9:45pm and I'm about to hit the hay. ..Thanks everyone!
