-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xbq3w/prep_work/

Hi everyone!..Nothing much happening in my world. I had a long day yesterday didn't eat dinner until 8:30 and didn't make it to a meeting again. I know that going to a meeting every day is going to be difficult as life starts to get busier but I'm going to recommit to making meetings a priority in my schedule. Without sobriety I won't have the good things in my life that keep me busy. And I know from experience that without support in the medium-to-long term I won't be able to stay sober. ..In the short term I can not go to meetings and not reach out to people and share honestly about where I am and stay sober. I know that I can put other things ahead of my sobriety and coast for a bit. But sooner or later that leads to a situation where I feel isolated and unable to reach out and intoxication starts to seem like a solution again...I'm recommitting to actively reaching out to other people who are sober as well. Other people have been reaching out to me which is awesome but I've been letting that count for my contact with other sober people instead of taking action myself. It's not my first (or second or third) impulse to reach out to people when I'm having a hard time. I know that I need to get in the habit of reaching out when things are fine so it'll be easier to do so when things start to get rough. Which life being life will eventually happen...I'm no longer Christian in any sense of the word but I grew up going to church every week and I'm reminded of a [song](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Eu5bBDRpzPM) that I learned in Sunday school. It's a basic retelling of a parable. A wise man built his house on rock and it survived rains and floods. A foolish man built his house on sand and it got taken out. Aside from being a lesson in real estate (and flood insurance - no word on what the wise man's basement looked like after the water came up) it's also a clear example of how to live life prudently. ..Life is still life. One thing that I've learned from previous attempts at sobriety is that bad things are still going to happen and tough times are still gonna come. A hard rain's gonna fall to borrow from Bob Dylan. I know now that I have to build myself a better foundation in sobriety *before* the hard times hit so I have systems and support in place when I need them...Which is easier said than done but it's something that I can work on a little bit at a time. Posting here daily and staying connected to SD helps. I know that I can check in here 24/7 if I'm struggling. Doing my daily recovery reading prayer and meditation helps keep me focused on the bigger picture and what really matters. (I do have a Higher Power it's just not the God of my childhood.) Going to support group meetings regularly helps. It helps me to keep connected with others in recovery it gives me the opportunity to make new connections and it's often exactly what I need to get my thinking and my attitude back on track. And reaching out to other people in recovery helps. It helps to build personal relationships with people who know me who know what's going on in my life and who I trust to provide non-judgmental support so I won't keep my problems to myself when they arise...One of the things that I've learned from going to [Adult Children Of Alcoholics/Dysfunctional Families](adultchildren.org) meetings and reading the main text is the rules of denial:  don't talk don't trust and don't feel.  I learned those rules from a very young age. It's tough for me to get over the impulse to hide what I'm struggling with. But the more I chip away at it the better I feel and the stronger my sobriety gets. So even though my impulse is to say that everything's fine until it completely isn't I'm learning to open up a bit more about where I'm struggling. And doing that with people who I know have shared similar struggles who I've met through support groups is a lot easier for me sometimes than even talking to old friends. I love my old friends but old habits die hard sometimes. And I need to change how I do things if I want different results...Anyway the day is getting on. I'm gonna reach out to a couple of people today and I'll tell y'all about it tomorrow. Thanks for providing me with accountability. Keep on rocking SD!..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I loved the part about your Sunday school lesson. Very cute! Best wishes friend.
Good morning Ginger.  Build that foundation!  You've one heck of a good head on your shoulders.          have a good day out there sprout.  May your path support you today 
What helped me with meetings is finding one early and going to it before work. Its much easier to plan before your day starts than after and I found getting a meeting to start my day helped me get centered instead of after when I was already crazy all day. Have a good day triplet     
Good morning! Sometimes it feels super damn awkward to reach out to people. For me it feels like I'm learning to walk as a baby giraffe on those long legs. .One thing that I'm routinely shocked by is how many people genuinely want us to reach out. Because support is mutual. Their lives are better off by having you in their support circle as much as your life is better off by building a closer relationship with them. ..This all still sounds crazy to me on low days however on the better day it makes sense. Recommitting is a solid plan. You got this 
