-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xev0s/accidentally_drank_today/

Fuck. I'm on an amazing trip to Mexico for a wedding having a blast. Struggling a bit at an all inclusive with wonderful smelling tequila (I'm weird I know but I love tequila) but haven't touched a drop in the 4 days I've been here. ..For the many-ith time I ordered a virgin margarita usually they tease me about a double then bring it to me without tequila all good. Today I ordered one &amp; thought it didn't taste quite right but I got 3/4 of the way through before I realized I was getting a buzz. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I pushed it away &amp; immediately started to cry. Hubby was so amazing though! So supportive so understanding that it wasn't my fault &amp; so proud of me for ditching it right away. Sticking to soda cranberry &amp; lime or some variation of that for the rest of the trip cause ya I wanted more. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Coming here to share with us was a good move.  I hope you are able to shake it off and keep going!
Good for you for not letting that drink take control of the situation. You're an inspiration. Have so much fun on the rest of the trip and don't beat yourself up!
My step mother loves to spike my diet coke whenever I see her (after the first few "accidents" I realized she is a nasty bitch). So I know how you feel. It's awful accidentally drinking. 
Something like this happened to me too in early sobriety. It's ok. We're both still sober!
So smart coming here...and SO good on you not caving and finishing the drink and having more and more. You got this!
I teared up a bit reading this. My wedding is coming up in June. Destination wedding planned before I came to the conclusion that I might not make it that long if I don't stop drinking. What happened to you is my greatest fear. Good job stopping once you realized! It sure helps to have support you can count on. 
You are human and having a slip is the most human thing you can do. Would you say the social environment and craving once you smelled it were the main triggers?
At 4 years sober I went to a hibachi and the chef pointed a squirt bottle at me and motioned to open my mouth.  I did without thinking...it was sake. ..I laughed it off and went about my life.  Don't let it bring you down.  It was an accident not a planned thing...Good luck!
I have always stayed away any sort of "virgin" drink. They are all to close to the real thing in my mind. I have been around for a while and I am still very cautious about any drink that I can't poured in front of me.
I think this is a general risk but you reacted to it well. On holiday in Cyprus a couple of months back my wife ordered a vodka coke and I ordered a coke - the waiter set them down in the wrong places. I took a sip and I guess was lucky that vodka has such a distinctive taste because I noticed immediately. Accidents happen but reacting well to them is what's important. 
Don't let it worry you B.  You pulled yourself right back from that precipice   it would have been so easy to say  fuck it' and keep going.  Serious sober muscles lady.   ..Enjoy the rest of your holiday  :)
Accidentally drinking is not a relapse because it wasn't your fault and you didn't order the drink with intention of drinking alcohol. .So don't beat yourself up and keep it up! .   IWNDWYT 
It was as you said an accident. I'm just happy thinking about you being in Mexico! AND you get to enjoy it and remember it! Have fun!..&amp;#x200B;
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
It's ok! Don't count it against yourself. You didn't know.  And I love tequila too. Ur not weird! It's delicious! But god it does terrible things to me. Iwndwyt 
Hey I for one can say I've never started drinking a margarita without finishing it! It was an unfortunate accident but you showed some great willpower by moving it aside. Good job! 
Aww I'm so sorry that happened. But you did the hardest thing and turned more down. I'm proud of you!
Happened to me in my first couple of weeks. Told a friend I wasn't drinking and she said "try this - it's herbal." I took a sip and said "this is non-alcoholic?" She said "totally. The rosehips are soaked in vodka but only to bring out the oils. It's only enough for a buzz not to get drunk." ARGH! Glad I only had a sip but it made me realize I can't always trust people.
Proud of you. Keep on! 
I am sorry to hear this...Please I am not pointing a finger or blaming any one...I realise this a pure accident...I went to a wedding the good stuff was flowing full on...I drank ginger beer in a bottle. I had to see bottle opened. I did not leave my drink unattended. ..Just my safe guard. ..But I commend you. Well done. ..Hope you can move on with no further problems.  You sound very positive. ..    
Hey that sucks but I'm glad your husband was there for you.  It's not your fault.  You're doing great.  Stay strong. You can do it!
That's okay. You didn't finished your drink it was an accident. Such stories could happen some medicine contain alcohol (especially throat sprays) and if you take it you will notice but as long as you not taking alcohol for "recreational" use you are still sobernaut. Keep going!
Your reaction shows strength and determination don't be too hard on yourself. Maybe it was meant to test you and you passed congratulations. IWNDWYT  
Relapse requires thoughtful action and making the decision to drink despite the knowledge of ones alcoholism. This situation most certainly 100% not that. Don't let it get you down you did nothing wrong press on don't reset your counter if you don't want to (I personally would not because we each get to define what sobriety looks like) and take this as a learning experience you will laugh about as you look back on it!
IWNDWYT
