-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xibdw/if_youre_struggling_right_now/

At whatever moment you read this....if you're struggling....if you're tempted...if you're just feeling like a shit-show and wondering how/if you will make it through this night/day without the poison PLEASE KNOW:...I'm right here with you. I was struggling so hard and still kind of am. Thoughts of  what's the big deal? ... why am I even doing this?..I'm so uptight right now....I don't even have a problem like some people .........And I decided: NO!! I said I won't drink with you tonight and I'm not. If I have to delay a zillion times Atleast a few months from now I won't even be bothered by this. I know because I've been there before and you all remind me of WHY I'm here. ..WE. ARE. IN. THIS. TOGETHER. ...I W N D W Y T 
----------immediate responses--------

I was LITERALLY killing myself. I was dangerously close to developing cirrhosis the doctor even told me "All it will take is another drink and you could create permanent damage."..That just made me run faster to the liquor store afterwards. And here I am 110 days later and knowing full damn well that if I slip again it could be my last time and yet I'm still trying to find reasons to rationalize it. ..Fuck. This. Disease. 
IWNDWYT!
It's a hard path but well worn with people along the way to help. 
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
We are all here together! Being stronger together. Fighting the battle together. I appreciate your encouragement. Iwndwyt
Same. Falling down busting up my kneecaps being cut off at bars concerts I barely remember. Throwing things in a rage just to see them break. I don't want to go back to that. Wishing you the best! 
I've been a heavy  secret  drinker for longer than I'd care to admit. .I'm not sure when my last completely sober 24 hours was but it's also been a lot longer than I'd care to admit..Last night I had two glasses of wine. Much much less than what I normally drink. Tossed and turned all night long. Woke up to soaked sheets that reeked of booze and body odor. .But I took a shower washed the sheets and marveled at what it felt like to wake up without a hangover despite only getting a couple hours of sleep..Today I haven't had a single drink. While I desperately want to grab one of my roommate's beers I'm on my second La Croix instead..I'll probably have to shower and wash my sheets AGAIN tomorrow - and rinse and repeat daily - until I get this poison out of me completely. But it's gonna be worth it. IWNDWYT. 
I will not drink with you today!!
Thank you and right back at ya!
Thanks friend. It does bring strength for me to know that my sober adventure is mine and I have to keep putting one foot in front of the other that I am NOT alone. Thanks to you &amp; all of SD. Stay strong! Peace
I miss that first sip that feeling you get when the whiskey pours down your throat and burns into your stomach. You know what I don't miss? Waking up 5 hours later heart racing anxiety taking my breath away body pouring sweat....Alcohol isn't going to relax me it's not. It's not a reward I get for being sober it's a punishment. FUCK THAT. ..We are in this together we can do this!
With support of this anonymous group of friends dare I say  family  I feel strong and (almost) no doubt that I got this! Sure I may stumble along the way like so many others but I now know that if I do there's a wonderful community that will quickly help me regain my footing...I will NOT drink with you tonight friend. Instead I'll go pound out few miles on the treadmill which hasn't been used in a while. 
