-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xjtk1/what_i_think_about_to_make_sure_i_dont_cave_to/

Whenever I really want a drink I think about the reasons I decided to stop drinking...1. My mom constantly asking my SO and brother &amp; his wife about my drinking because she's concerned...2. Stupid texts/snapchats to people that I regret the next day. ..3. The possibility of losing my job/career if I ever get a DUI. ..4. The possibility of losing my job/career if I get drug/alcohol tested on a day that I'm "on call" but know I won't be working but I'm bored so I have a drink anyways. ..5. I have many friends that have lost their jobs/struggled to get hired again from getting DUIs. ..6. Having to cancel plans or plan around being hungover. ..7. Being hungover sucks. ..8. So much heartburn. ..9. Taking a swig of whisky at 10am does not feel normal. ..10. Being "bored" and not having the motivation to do anything but drink because it's so "fun". ..11. Spending tons of money on drinks when we go out. ..12. Not having the right judgment really sucks especially when the consequences are so great...13. Not remembering what happened last night...14. Falling asleep on the couch during the first 30 min of the movie and being bummed I missed it...15. Constantly thinking about when my next drink will be...16. Feeling bloated and gross...17. Gaining weight/beer belly..18. If anything ever goes wrong at my job the best answer to "When did you last have a drink?" would be "I don't drink."..19. Alcoholism runs on my moms side of the family. I know that's why she's concerned...20. When I try to moderate it's always the same. Works for a week or two then I slip back into four or five or six drinks every night...I also hop on here and read your guys comments and stories and it totally helps take my mind off the cravings. I go pop open a seltzer water and smile about how good and sharp my brain feels compared to the last 12 years.
----------immediate responses--------

great post. thanks 
Keep it up!   good job at 10 days.  The alcohol is out of your system.   Feels pretty good.  IWNDWYT 
You're in double digits that's awesome! First 2 or 3 weeks were the hardest for me in terms of cravings I hardly ever think about having a drink now and when the thought pops into my head I seem to be able to'bat' it away somehow!..Keep going it will get easier and easier :)..Wishing you strength and IWNDWYT
Very true for moderation: it always leads to more.  Any moderation deal I've ever made myself has failed...Congrats on double digits!
Great list. I'd add... I don't want to wreck my beautiful sleep and I don't want to poison my (hopefully) recuperating liver.
IWNDWYT
I have a similar list and just getting started myself. I relate to this very much thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT
