-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xoad7/recently_got_out_of_alcohol_withdrawal_ward_and/

So a few days ago I got out of a ward that specialises in withdrawal from alcohol or drugs... .The doctors kept telling me that it wasn't a good idea to go out if I wasn't feeling ready yet but I ignored them..Of course this lead to me just drinking and sleeping the past three days miserable because I can't do anything productive but at the same time too scared of withdrawals to stop drinking completely. I'm sober right now but the thought of withdrawals creeping in in about 12 hours scares me..I feel as if quitting drinking is a hopeless dream..Anyone got some advice or motivational words for me? 
----------immediate responses--------

OP sometimes you just can't see the light at the end of the tunnel but I am here to tell you that the other side is great. Even on my worst sober day I have never felt more mentally and physically amazing than on my best day drinking. I know sometimes it is hard especially when alcohol has such a tight grip on you but it is possible to quit and it is possible to get better. Everyone's journey is different and I am more than confident you will find your way. Reach out if you ever feel like you need someone to talk to. Best of luck 
Ok so- I was in your boat on Sunday morning. I woke up having had blacked out the night before and feeling awfully guilty about being a horrible person drunk. Not being able to deal with the guilt lead me to drinking until the Wednesday. That was 3 more days of pain misery abuse and selfishness on my part. And 3 more days that now I'm sober to regret my actions on! ..My point? You have fucked up. But stop now. Cause it can only get better when you stop. ..Order yourself a nice takeaway get rehydrated and begin this journey of soberness with me today. 
I sought medical help. Google "kindling" as it refers to alcohol withdrawal. 
&gt;I feel as if quitting drinking is a hopeless dream...I was caught in a vicious cycle.....  repeated the same patterns...Then I did ONE thing different-  I went to a recovery meeting and just listened...Tried a meeting?
i need to be with others like me in real life if i want any shot at staying sober.  aa works for me.  
I focus on what I can do now. I am not drinking today. I have control over it...No way to change what I already poured down the hatch so I move forward best I can. ..Yes I have made myself miserable with alcohol. My best option is to take that next step in the right direction.
