-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xsddo/please_remind_me_why_i_should_stop/

Hello stopdrinking!..I am currently a bottle of wine into this night and feeling crappy...About a month ago I tearfully confessed to my partner that I believed I was addicted to alcohol and committed to trying to change. Since then I have drastically reduced my intake actually able to be sober about 3/7 nights a week (maybe 4/7 on average). ..I'm finding I really hard. ..I'm a therapist in Ohio: I understand how my alcoholic voice is playing a role  I know that if I choose moderation I will always struggle. So my question is: please tell me how being sober is better than being constantly buzzed and non-present. ..I am in theory successful in my career (by all outside standards). I've worked my butt off since I was a kid trying to be better than the life I was raised in and use my knowledge of the dark side of human mental health to help others ..I'm in a healthy marriage with a sober individual who is committed to healing me quit drinking (if that's what I want on my terms). I recognize that I'm starting to become dependent and that it is beyond what is normal and healthy (as of a month ago I was looking at 2-3 drinks a night. More concerning was my pure anxiety about not getting a drink or not having it in the house). ..As I said: I'm struggling. As a survivor of childhood trauma and someone who feels (overly) stressed and obligated to their job it's hard for me to see why getting sober is beneficial- currently alcohol seems to be a management tool. I know that's a facade and a lie but tonight I need help seeing that. Please tell me how getting sober benefitted you personally! Remind me (human to human not fact to human- I know those) how this journey has been worth it. ..Thanks for reading folks- I appreciate it...
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety brought me freedom and peace.
Your health will improve.
The anxiety you are managing with the alcohol is probably caused by the alcohol itself - this came as a huge shock to me as I also belived I was 'managing' my mental health. But it is the body craving the alcohol - my anxiety levels have improved enormously and I am 8 weeks sober tomorrow. 
Because you deserve to. 
Please join us tomorrow sober. We have a rule against posting while drunk. 
