-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9xteg7/i_dont_drink_mouthwash_so_im_ok/

That was my attitude for so long - surely I'm not like one of THOSE people with a problem. I can go a few days without a drink I couldn't do that if I had an actual problem right? I have a job the kids are fed the bills are paid I don't drive drunk that means I'm OK right? ..I thought you needed to hit rock bottom before you could change and that held me back for a while. If I wasn't in the back of a police car it meant everything was still manageable. ..OK fine I'll try to moderate the drinking. From now on it will only be Friday and Saturday. Oh but a drink would be nice on this wonderful Sunday afternoon maybe I can limit myself to just the official weekend. Oh would you look at that a Monday holiday. That extends the weekend right? Ugh now it's Tuesday and the State of the Union is on. You know about my habit of drinking during the SOTU speech right? Etc. etc. etc...Eventually I just got tired of it. Tired of being hung over tired of the constant mental fog tired of withdrawing away from people who care about me tired of snapping at my kids for just being normal kids basically tired of the simultaneous desire to both drink and not drink. Looking back on it those feelings are exactly what I needed. This had to be *my* choice. It was important that I was the one who didn't want to drink. If I felt like I were being forced to stop when I didn't want to it never would have worked...I remember the day I stopped I was at work and reading a personal finance-related forum. In one of their off-topic boards there is a thread about giving up alcohol as a challenge and for some reason I landed on that. I saw a few people mention Annie Grace as being helpful to them. I went for a walk on my lunch break and decided to give her podcast a listen and the rest is history. Then eventually I found this community. ..1 day turned into 2 which turned into a week which turned into a month which turned into 4. That was 4 months ago today and I feel great. ..The weekends were hard early on - for some reason getting over that "I should be drinking now" feeling because it was a Friday took a while to get past. I don't know why the fact that it was Friday really mattered since I drank every day. ..My wife says she hasn't seen me this happy in a while. The mental fog is gone. I can still be a moody SOB but the major mood swings are gone. I don't withdraw completely from everyone now it's just more of a funk I get into that passes eventually (and pretty quickly)...So if you're thinking about stopping or are in the early days and are struggling you can do this. It's hard but so worth it. And this has to be the most supportive community on reddit by far. Every day I'm blown away by the love that random strangers can show to one another it's truly amazing. So thank you to everyone on here for being awesome - your words of support for others also help those who read those comments while going through the same battles. 
----------immediate responses--------

I identify with so much of this. Thank you for sharing! 
Congrats on four months.
Well said and it's an inspiring story. I'm finishing up day 3 now first so e Friday in a Long time. Stories like yours are very helpful so thank you. And congratulations! 
Just for today I will be sober with you 
 I drink because I want to not because I have to' was my excuse. Found out how wrong I was during the first week I tried to quit. .Fight the good fight! IWNDWYT.   
Man this hits home. I've gone through this exact same thing. Going back and forth hating drinking and not drinking. I seriously drank daily for months and didn't think it was a problem because I didn't miss a day of work didn't drive drunk etc. I feel like I should be drinking right now as well. Thanks for sharing! 
The first Friday night in. Going through that myself. It's been a difficult but interesting challenge. I keep thinking now nice it's going to be to wake up sober tomorrow. Thanks for the story! 
"I don't know why the fact that it was Friday really mattered since I drank every day.".This resonated with me. I really struggled after work this afternoon then I remembered the phrase "Play it forward" and I really didn't want to wake up hangover-y tomorrow...or begin a new day one. IWNDWYT!  
I can relate to your story. I always "know my limits" (i.e. stopping after 2-3 drinks) but the frequency of my drinking was getting out of hand. It was bothering me for years but anyone I talked to about it said it didn't seem like I had a problem with alcohol...Then I read about dry January and tried it out this year thereafter being mindful of my drinking frequency and amount. That mindfulness lead me to realize that I used any excuse in the book to drink! And I felt conflicted all the time about if I should or shouldn't indulge. And if there was alcohol in the house I could hear it whispering my name. So I've decided on a longer time commitment. At least untill end 2018 but I'm considering a Dry 2019! Being dry means I don't have to think about it anymore!..I'm curious to see how I'll feel physically and mentally when I don't have to constantly be metabolizing alcohol out of my system. Maybe one day I can be one of those people who drink twice a year. But for the moment I will not drink with you today!
This is the post of all I read which I can relate to the most - thank you for that..Since I was "only" drinking beer and having a decent job flat car fianc e that meant everything is ok and manageable right?..Hell even my boss saw it as a positive trait if one drank much at a company party (silly isn't it?)..I even ran a half marathon while still on my drinking habit...So look at me look at this guy - everything amazing everything fine except that I can't manage to go one week without beer except that I drive to the store directly after work except that I show up hungover at work except that the last time I drank the whole night with my buddy I ate soup of the fucking floor after I dropped it (don't tell anyone k? And it was a good soup I always need my soup after I drank too much)..Except that it's chaining me to mediocrity. Can't tell when I went the last time running can't tell the last time I lifted...~2 years ago I was sober for 3/4 a year. It was a decent time and I didn't miss it. Then I had one bad day and got four bottles of beer. And you know what? The buzz I got felt soo *stupid* and *dumb*! Like lowering your intelligence by 30 points but flooding the brain with simple feel-good-chemicals. What a idiotic trade off!..Sadly when I drink now I don't feel like described above. I get into the flow and get to feel relaxed and normal again. I can game on my computer for hours or watch some shit on Netflix and I'll have a great time. My view isn't uncompromised anymore...Yeah what is there else to say? I just drank my coffee on day two and your post inspired me to write this. Congrats on the four months dude.
I just discovered this sub... And I'm blown away by the similarities I've been reading to my life my excuses and my struggle. Thank you for sharing. I'm 20 days in and still struggling but for the first time truly determined.
Bro you're my twin. I so identify with everything you said. I'd be lying if I didn't admit the long weekend is calling me over to the dark side but not this time. Checking into this community everyday sometimes more than once helps so so much. Stay  . IWNDWYT 
Yes like others I can relate to a lot. Especially the not having drinks on a Friday night piece felt so weird for the first couple of months- like I was missing out on something- even though I used to drink ever night...Thanks for sharing 
Knowing it was me not anyone else who wanted me to quit drinking was very important for me. It sounds like I was a lot like you about 10-15 years ago. During those years though some very serious shit happened because of my drinking nothing catastrophe really occurred. But two things I know. Those 10-15 years could have been so much better without alcohol (and I could remember living it more) and this disease is progressive. By the time I finally started to get serious about stopping I was drinking at least a 5th of bourbon every day was on the verge of divorcing my wife of 30 plus years and was a lot closer to being completely broke and bankrupt than I ever should have been. Since becoming sober I've never woke up in the morning and thought...I sure wish I would have drank last night. Thanks for your post. It helped me. 
I can relate to this on so many levels...Thank you for sharing!
This hits home and I need to quit. I'm gonna try starting tonight. It's 5 am now so I got awhile to go.
Thanks for this OP. You rock. IWNDWYT. 
It's crazy how similar some of our stories and thought processes are. Everything you wrote applies to me as well. IWNDWYT 
Your mention of not understanding why a sober Friday was harder than a sober any-other-day hit home with me. I wonder if it's because that was a "normal" time to drink?..By the time I quit I was drinking varying amounts during the day pretty often. Stopping that was a bit easier because day drinking becoming standard rather than something done on special occasions only (vacation July 4th bbq etc) was one of the many things that forced me to admit I had a serious problem. ..But let the sun begin to set and suddenly I was clawing at the walls. "EVERYONE drinks at night!" my brain would scream. ..For an alcoholic (which I consider myself to be) healthful living means not drinking at abnormal times sure but also not drinking at "normal" times either. ..IWNDWYT! ....or tonight :)
IWNDWYT
Thanks for writing this nice flowing story of you starting with one day and staying the course...You have laid out a good example of how you can stop drinking one day out of the blue...Many times it takes a tragic life event but it doesn't have to; it could just be following a hunch...Well done :)
