-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9yaegm/three_years_sober/

Three years ago today I stumbled into an AA meeting. I was shaking slightly from withdrawal after a 6 day binge and was sick from the cumulative hangover. I was a 26 year old woman with PTSD and did not believe I would ever be able to stay sober. I'd managed to blow my life up several times including forced psych ward stays detox in hospitals being kicked out of an apartment for being drunk all the time dropping out of college and losing countless friends and relationships. My dad told me to make a will because he didn't believe I'd live much longer. I was drinking a liter of vodka nearly every day. It's been three long years since that night and life is so much better than I could have imagined. ..What I've learned over the last three years:..1. The first year is hard. The first six months are harder. The first three months are hardest. At least for me. After the first year sobriety had become a habit. By year two I had developed coping mechanisms that made drinking seem like a waste of time. By year three I practiced vigilance with confidence. I know I can never drink again and I am completely fine with it. .2. Drinking stunts your ability to process emotions. I had to learn how to handle grief loss anger and depression without alcohol. I actually had to face my demon where I used to just drown them out. I learned that alcohol doesn't kill pain it just makes you forget for a few hours. In early sobriety all the pain I'd been running from for years came rushing back but I was able to handle it for the first time. I've learned how to set boundaries and correctly process my feelings. .3. My PTSD is so much better. I used to drink to fall asleep and not have nightmares. The first three months were ROUGH. I was often up until 4 am with work the next morning. Now I fall asleep at midnight and wake up refreshed. I don't have as many triggers or panic attacks. Therapy has become infinitely more productive in part because I'm not adding more trauma by recklessly drinking and destroying my relationships and self esteem. .4. I've become the person I wanted to be as a kid. More confident more compassionate. The need to compare myself to others has evaporated. In being honest with myself I've been able to be honest with others. In the process I have learned that every single person has their own struggle. It's not a cliche. It's just being a person. .5. I haven't forgotten how bad my drinking days were but I can look back on them without so much shame and guilt. In my past sobriety attempts I'd stay sober for as long as my shame was fresh. In time it would transform into resentment and self-hatred and I'd relapse. I've learned to process my past. It has been very freeing. .6. I didn't go to AA much but I did develop my own sobriety fellowships. I lived in a small community and held a very prominent job so there wasn't much in the way anonymity. I read stopdrinking daily and learned to be honest with my then-boyfriend whenever I'd feel like slipping. I also worked out often and focused on finding other sober activities. This helped enormously. I appreciated everything AA had to teach me and applied it to my life as much as possible (being rigorously honest admitting I was powerless etc). My situation wasn't ideal but I do think we can each find the path to sobriety that works best for us. Mine included work exercise therapy and antidepressants. And learning how to be grateful. Believe it or not learning to be grateful for what I had and had been through was one of the hardest lessons I've learned. ..There is a lot more but I don't want to force anyone to read a wall of text. I just wanted to let anyone struggling today to know that in my experience it gets A LOT better. I'm married now with a beautiful three month old boy. Three years ago I thought I'd never be able to have children because I didn't trust that I could stay sober for nine months. Sobriety is wonderful and I am building a life I'm proud of. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Great work and thank you for sharing :)
WOW.  What an amazing inspiring post.  Brought tears to my eyes!  Thank you so much for sharing.  You are a rockstar.  This post gave me the extra encouragement today I needed!..IWNDWYT
Awesome!
Congrats!! ..We share a very similar story. I'm a PTSD survivor (held at gunpoint for 5 hours) and also I'm a little over 3 yrs sober. At this point giving back to those that are still suffering is what keeps me humble grateful and sober. After having so many yrs the pain can seem abstract but when I work and talk with other alcoholics I can remember the suffering very clearly. ..You're awesome. keep it up and remember one day at a time. :) 
Amazing post.  I needed this.  Congrats and keep achieving!
Really nice post. Than u for sharing and congratulations. Its reassuring that it gets easier
Wow! Thanks for sharing - your story is very inspiring. ..IWNDWYT 
Thank you so much for posting this. I needed to hear that today. I'm so happy for you. Keep pushing forward. You give others hope
Thank you for sharing   
May your words be a solid inspirational message!
**High^Five for 3yrs /u/Bluntbusybooshit!**        ..Thank you for this uplifting encouraging post. You are proof that recovery is possible and give hope to others.
Amazing story. Thank you. I liked the part where you said you now have confident vigilance. I hope to be there one day. Congratulations. 
This is awesome! Well written and inspiring! Congratulations and thanks for your story!..IWNDWYT    
Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Great post! Congrats
Beautiful post and thank you for sharing.  Congratulations on your clarity and your new life!  IWNDWYT 
Thank you!  Inspiring and generous. 
Thanks I love and needed to hear about year 2 and 3 :) 
Amazing job!
thanks for taking the time to share this! congrats!
Love the post. God bless you. I hope to get where you are!
 
So very happy for you - I am saving your post ! Congrats !
Loved reading this thanks for sharing and huge congrats to you!! 
That's brilliant well done. Nearly coming up to 2 months myself and dealing with suppressed emotions too. Difficult stuff but better to be dealt with..Iwndwyt!!
Fantastic! Well done! "I will not drink with you today!"
You are an inspiration! Thank you for the lovely post. 
You go girl! You are strong. I'm right there with ya but I'll never be able to catch ya! Won't drink with you today.
Three years is a Great Achievement. Sounds like we are in the same boat. I too live in a small town lacking of anonymity and even traveled 100 miles each way to attend meetings. I fell through the cracks of f2F meetings so I began relentlessly studying and staying abreast to the traditions. Social media saved me as I found a few people that I related with. Hearing and seeing the word has made an impact on me and I have held it together for just over 3 years. Thanks for sharing &amp; congrats 
Loved reading this. Thank you so much!
Great post and great story! Such an inspiration! You are living proof that everything is possible if you really want it. I whish you all the best and IWNDWYT !!!
