-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ybwmp/relapsed_and_now_things_are_worse_than_ever/

Hey y'all I relapsed a few months ago shortly following my 90th day sober. I was feeling great and allowed the alcoholic thoughts back in. You guys know the ones I can be normal like everyone else and have 1 or 2 drinks and etc. ..Well this week I lost another job and hit rock bottom again. So on Thursday I started back at AA and haven't drank since. ..I'm alive and not in jail which is lucky. I even have a job opportunity. ..The bad thing is one of my housemates approached me today saying that I broke in her room and took her alcohol. We all share a fridge so I have in the past taken beers from the fridge that weren't mine but I always replaced them. I've never gone in anyone else's rooms and stolen. Well she just flat out wont believe me and now I feel like I'm being plotted against to be kicked out. This only adds to my ongoing anxiety and depression(caused by alcoholism and withdrawal). I just dont know how to make her believe me or fix this issue. ..My only thought is to just lay low stay sober and prove that I'm not that person. ..Any thoughts would be much appreciated. Also a flair reset is in order.
----------immediate responses--------

&lt;3 hang in there my friend and [High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for coming back
Welcome back. It's time to break the cycle! I started drinking again after about 100 days in an earlier quit and it resulted in another six months of binge drinking several days a week. Starting over can be hard. It was difficult to admit to myself yet again that I can't drink alcohol and live happily at the same time. 
Funny you should ask- I do know those voices!.I think your plan is solid..I'm glad your here. .
Who's name on the lease?  ...Also if you're a guy remember that she can claim anything to police and you're the one that gets hauled off. I've seen it. Be careful with roommates. Best of luck
Is it possible that you just don't remember doing it? Sounds like something one of us would do drunk. Could you not just say sorry and replace it either way?
Yea I would just replace it. I've done that with roommates maybe them some more expensive booze or something? IWNDWYT 
"Lay low stay sober and prove you are not that person." That's an excellent plan.
Yea I see what u mean
There is nothing so bad that drinking won't make it worse.
