-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ycisp/struggling_after_11_days/

I have made it 11 days... the longest since i started drinking two years ago which is great. But I'm not feeling any benefits that others seem to talk about... better sleep improved mood lowered anxiety.... my sleeping is terrible and my mood is the lowest it has been in a ling time. Maybe i was drinking to keep this low mood at bay and now i've gone sober i am going to have to face reality and deal with whatever is causing this..Any advice/tips from people who had similar experience? My urge to drink isnt high at all but my urge to disappear in some way is at times
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there congratulations on 11 days! ..I've quit a couple of times and in my experience the first couple of months can be pretty up and down. Some people experience immediate benefits from quitting but if it were smooth sailing the whole way a lot more people would quit and stay quit. ..In my experience I sleep better when I'm regularly getting some form of exercise even if it's just going for walks. But it also just takes some time. Be patient it will get better if you keep going! IWNDWYT .
&gt; and now i've gone sober i am going to have to face reality and deal with whatever is causing this..This is the biggest benefit to not drinking there is for me I can work on becoming better. Not drinking alone didn't fix anything. It also took several weeks for me to feel better physically.
You're overthinking things. Everyone's recovery is different I know it took me longer than that to start to feel ok...Give it time. All that you want is coming you just need to be patient.
Have hope that your future will get better.  Make some plans make your bed every day think about the feelings you want to have and how you can create them. One thing that's been helping me is reminding myself that alcohol is a buffering agent like it's such a temporary solution and it's not actually helpful in the long run.  It actually ends up being a net negative for me... the money spent the dehydration how I act when I've had too much to drink. . . Hang in there. One day at a time.  
Thanks everyone your words have given me motivation and some belief that there is hope- i just need to be strong. IWNDWYT x
Toot.. .O. O. ...O. ..M.. .O. . .. O. ..O. ...O..O... . .... . . ...O. .. .O. ... .. . . ..... ... .... . .O.T..O. ..  .. .. .O.. O..O .Mootooooooooooootototo....
. .. .. . . .. .. . ...O o..Oo. ...O. . 
