-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9yn3s5/day_350_longer_term_sobriety_struggles/

I've been sober enough to start seeing brothers and sisters in my recovery community fall/faulted...A week ago I found out a friend in recovery died by suicide. ..Today I found out my closest sober girlfriend relapsed. ..I got in a huge fight with my SO yesterday. ..Hard things in sobriety happen and will continue to happen. ..These tests make me realize sobriety is a daily choice. We only have today. Today IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear about your loss. Recovery is hard and reminds us that's it's an ongoing thing to work through life but that shit doesn't help. I'm glad you're here and posting your thoughts. I will not drink with you today Giving_less_fuks &lt;3
You said it best:  it's a choice.  
Hey there old friend.  Just dropping in for support!  You got this     I hope you're breathing and taking care of you don't forget to try and take it easy at the same time.  IWNDWYT 
Thank you so much. I had drugs in my poket the whole Day...almost did it. But instead I gave them away...2weeks sober
This story gives me hope
One day at a time! 
Right there with you. Agree with every word. 
Your words sound so perfectly rational and composed here and I'll bet any voice that says "it's ok to have just one drink" can't even compare.  I know mine doesn't and in life I always go with the rational voice. Way to be strong. You got this. IWNDWYT 
Sorry for your loss. And pain. Wish I had some magic words that would help but I don't know you and your situation.  I've lost friends to addiction and it's horrible. The one big overarching realization that I've had in my short stint with sobriety so far is that there is absolutely 100% no question that any problems that I do have... alcohol only numbs me to them and prevents me from taking steps to fix. In essence making everything worse. I'm sure u already know this but I just wanted to chime in to let you know you're not alone and that we care and we're here for you. IWNDWYT.
Who knows maybe your closest sober girlfriend can still be your closest sober girlfriend. We all need a caring nudge sometime. I certainly did't get here on my first try.
These things won't go away new struggles come and go. Stay positive and just don't drink :-) sorry for your recent loss!
I'm so sorry for your loss. That sucks. Take care of yourself. You're worth it. IWNDWYT.
Yep stopping drinking does not make the bad things in life stop as well. However I found I am better placed to deal with them when I'm not drunk hungover or thinking about drinking. ..I am sorry for your troubles. It took me almost a year before the cravings went away and it was only then that I started working the AA program which revealed a lot to me. Although I can't stop bad external events happening I'm able to to a lot more by being more responsible and getting things done and I'm able to handle my personal life better because I've learned why I was so angry and now I'm less so. ..These changes take a lot of time but you've done a lot of heavy lifting already. I'm glad you didn't succumb to temptation and stayed strong. Congrats and IWNDWYT. 
IWNDWYT!
Thanks for this reminder been having a rough couple days. The absolute last thing I want right now is to wake up with a hangover on top of being in a crappy mood! IWNDWYT
So sorry for your loss. And 350 days wow keep strong. Iwndwyt 
new to sobriety... what's IWNDWYT? 
I need to get back to going to meetings regularly.  I always feel better about my shit and my decision making.
haha not only TODAY but we only have NOW...We do not have access to 1 hour or one minute ago or in the future. Not even 5 minutes! The past is the past and the future is uncertain so it is a NOW to NOW decision...Congratulations on 350!
I believe yes it is a daily choice...Yes it is sad thing socialism is deadly disease...I am sorry to hear of those close to you passing. Please accept my condolences. ..I truly believe we need a program of recovery. We must put in the work...3 Things were vital in my recovery ..1. What the problem was...2. What the solution was...3. How to implement the solution. ..My problem I had a physical allergy..  Give me alcohol and I could not handle it. It was poison. I had a mental obsession.  Give me alcohol and I wanted more...I then admitted I was powerless over alcohol and my life was unmanageable. ..So I had to give in. Hand my life over to a power greater than myself. ..From there I had a spiritual awakening. ..This took away from me the desire and need to drink...Now a spiritual program may not suit all...But it worked for me...John      
Way to stay strong and almost a year in!  A daily choice indeed.  I am going to love myself up today do my best in all I do and not drink with you.  Thanks for posting.
Sometimes things DO get harder the longer you get from the early days of sobriety. I had over a year booze-free then went on a 3-month relapse before I returned for a badge reset. The reset sucks but motivates me to stay on track. .I'm choosing not to drink with you today and hope things start turning up for you!
