-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z2rsv/connections/

Hi everyone! ..Last night at my usual Tuesday night AA meeting a regular from when I used to attend this meeting a couple of years ago showed up. She's one of the people I've wondered about and I was delighted to see her...Not too long after I first started going to AA meetings I think I was only a month ot two sober we went a Saturday morning meeting together. That meeting was memorable for two reasons. The first is that some crotchety geezer with several decades of sobriety used his opportunity to share to tell me at length how my pink cloud would disappear because apparently I'd been too sprightly or something in my share. ..It sure did but his crosstalk was not in any way helpful and he's still to this day who I picture when I hear the term  dry drunk.  I may have relapsed but I have retained my faith in humanity and also my faith in what working a program of recovery can do for a person. Pink clouds may easily disappear. Assholish tendencies generally don't...The second reason that meeting was so memorable is that a woman showed up who was very drunk and having a very hard time. The woman took a shine to me because I'd lived in the area that she was from. After the meeting my friend and I took her out for brunch and coffee at a diner nearby and then we took her back to the place where she was staying...We took her to a meeting a couple of days later and then after texting a bit never heard from her again. Recovery's like that. You cross paths with so many people. I kinda feel that it's best to just make the most of connections when they happen and accept that a lot of times you're only going to be in the other person's life for a brief span...So it was nice to reconnect with my friend. She's chairing a meeting on Sundays that I'm going to check out and we're going to get coffee soon...Other than that recovery and life are both ticking over. I'm not making the progress in either that I'd like to be but that's probably a reflection of the effort that I've been putting in. And sometimes things just take time...I hope that you all are doing well. Keep doing what works and stay connected...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks ginger. Early on I read here on SD that connection is the opposite of addiction. I did not understand it at the time. My drinking had led me to almost total isolation. My sober adventure is allowing me to connect with people again. Making sober connections makes this adventure not just easier but much more enjoyable. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
People come and go. What a bitter sweet truth. Hope you are doing well.
Great Post !..Happy Thanksgiving.....  ..The *Thanks* come from *Giving* without expectation.....  Just like each connection I encounter.....   I give at that moment...Everything else is not up to me!
Hey Ginger! One thing I like about Stop Drinking is hearing from the regular posters.  I like to hear how they are doing; it makes me feel like I'm not alone.  We alcoholics have a unique connection ...we know the unbelievable pain of addiction so we are rooting so much for each other to make it.  Wishing you the very best! IWNDWYT 
Hello! Always great to connect with people who come and go along the sobriety journey. Particularly around the holiday season you know? It's interesting and notable that out of all the days of the year this week is when you both reconnected. .Have a great day and catch you tomorrow!..
