-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9z76xl/relapsed_last_night_determined_to_make_it_right/

Hello all... sigh... I made it 9 days of being alcohol-free and drank before the 10th.  Ugh.  That is the longest stint in probably over 2 years for me personally. However I am getting right back on...I am not going to let one slip-up define my decision and desire to not drink!  Maybe I needed that unfortunate reminder of why alcohol sucks and it makes me feel like shit- both mentally and physically!..What I learned:  it's not worth it...one night of drinking and I feel like absolute death- hangover from hell slept and was lazy all day and not productive!  Those 9 days of not drinking were great and I felt amazing.  Also I didn't follow through with my plan- as to get on this sub to get support before making the decision to buy booze.  ..Anyways thanks for reading.  Starting day 1 today.  Personally I am glad day 1 is the day before Thanksgiving.  Last year I was so drunk I passed out and my husband my mom and her fianc  ate without me.  That's not who I want to be this Thanksgiving...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back from another Washingtonian (state not DC). Do folks in DC say wa? ..Glad it only took you one day. My last sober stint ended on day nine and it took me eight months to really get back here. Now I'm on day six. Thanks for the reminder!
You should be proud of yourself for thinking nopeI'm not gonna carry on I'm gonna do something about it! That's an amazing and inspiring achievement. I've heard people say relapse is part of recovery - just a small bump in the road. Have a great Thanksgiving - lots of love from the UK IWNDWYT x
Welcome back    
You did awesome for 9 days you can do it again. I have been on this journey with you :)...I live in Washington state myself  it sure if that is where you are at- but if you are- there is another lady I. wa right beside you on this journey. Way to get back on track. You can do this! 
Good job getting back in the horse! What caused you to slip up/ what triggered you? 
Welcome back. One day at a time is all you need to focus on. I will not drink with you today   
Welcome back. IWNDWYT 
You can do this ! I will not drink with you today .
Welcome back!! Try not to beat yourself up too badly- it sounds like the hangover really kind of did that for you anyway.  All will be well; stay strong!! Know there's so many of us on this road together; you're anything but alone.
