-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zfegq/change_dating_direction/

Hi everyone!..For those of you in the States happy Thanksgiving and for those of you who're elsewhere it's not my favorite holiday and you're not missing out on anything you won't get at Christmas. (Family drama and turkey mainly.)..I'm spending Thanksgiving with my AA family. My local AA clubhouse is hosting a thanksgiving dinner for anyone who wants to come and I'm going to be helping with setup serving food and cleanup. Which means that I'll be there the whole time and I'll have a chance to talk to everyone who passes through...A couple of years ago I heard a piece on NPR that I wanna say was about the work done by a researcher who focuses on lifespan development.  I wish that I could remember more of the details but one of the main points of the piece which I *do* remember is that people continue to change throughout adulthood much more than we think we do. Generally speaking people in our culture view adulthood as a period of relative stability but over *any* ten year period of our lives we undergo significant changes in our identity activities and social circles...I got thinking about this because I'm going through a divorce after an eleven year marriage and I was thinking about how much both my ex and I changed during that time. We were at fairly similar places when we got together. We had similar interests lifestyles and goals. And we were at fairly similar places emotionally and in our understanding of the world...We both changed. I obviously changed in ways that seem right to me and I'm sure he did in ways that seem right to him. ..Our relationship ended for reasons unrelated to drinking although it certainly didn't help the relationship. My ex didn't like the way that I drank and in some ways he was supportive of my sobriety but he wasn't entirely happy with me not drinking either. He wanted me to drink how he drank when he drank and he wasn't interested in changing his own drinking patterns. And my drinking when I was drinking was increasingly unhealthy. I  checked out of the relationship when I drank and I was secretive. ..There were definitely periods when I stagnated and he progressed I'm not trying to suggest that I didn't have a part to play in the marriage failing. We were dependent on each other in unhealthy ways and enabled each other's unhealthy behaviors as much  or more than we supported each other's growth. We coexisted and compromised where and how we could until I couldn't...I'm not dating during my first year of sobriety for several reasons. For one thing I'm technically still married and the pace of getting divorced continues to be glacial. Another reason is that I'm already going through a lot of transitions and I don't want the stress. More stress equals a greater chance of relapse and even the positive stress of a new relationship is stress. And the negative stress of a breakup has driven a lot of people to relapse. My sobriety is more important than that. ..I also don't want to be getting to know someone while I'm going through a lot of change. Where am in eight months is likely to be very different as long as I'm not locking myself into place while I establish a new relationship. And I suspect that what I want out of a partner will change as I progress in sobriety. ..I'm already going through a divorce which is scary but I'm not resigned to spending the rest of my life alone. I know that over time I'm going to change and any partner I have is also going to change. There's no guarantee that we'll change in the same way and it seems almost inevitable that we'd change in different ways at different times. So how do you both change and stay within a mutually satisfying relationship? ..I grew up in a religious household where it was strongly encouraged to date and marry within the religion. There's a verse in the New Testament that got quoted often enough that I remember it  Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers.  ..It's a metaphor that got explained as you wouldn't hitch both a donkey and a horse together to pull a wagon or a horse and an ox together to pull a plow. One is both bigger and stronger than the other and they're not going to be able to pull together very well which I imagine would lead to stress and injuries to the animals and a lot of going around in circles...I've thought about that in terms of sobriety but I don't know if that's quite exactly the issue. I think that I could have stayed with someone who drank but who had the capacity and willingness to  grow along spiritual lines  (as they say in AA.) I would not get involved with a heavy drinker now but I could see being with someone who was an occasional light social drinker. ..There's a very real danger for two alcoholics in recovery getting involved romantically. (I know I'm getting way ahead of myself here but bear with me. I'm almost done.) I don't know if there's any hard statistics on this but I've heard a number of stories about someone who's sober relapsing after their partner relapses. And even if they don't relapse sometimes people choose to stop being active in their recovery. I've done so myself in the past...For me I think being equally yoked basically comes down to a capacity and a willingness for growth along spiritual lines. And I don't mean religion I mean someone who values taking care of their spirit their essential self and who prioritizes personal growth on emotional interpersonal and spiritual planes. We don't have to grow at the same time or in the same ways as long as we're both working on becoming better people who act with more love...There's all sorts of ways to work a twelve-step program but I can see it in people who work a program rigorously and honestly. It comes out in their behavior and how they talk. They aren't perfect but they demonstrate a capacity for self-reflection humility and change. They tend to act rather than react. I'm not tied to the idea of getting involved with someone who's in recovery and it'll be a while before I get there but it's a goal that I have and that's what I want. Whether or not they're in recovery I want to be with someone who lives like they're working a good program. And that's what I want for myself...You can't get where you want to go until you know what you want. I wish you all the best of luck in finding both Sobernauts...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. IWNDWYT 
Well said!..I've been single for several years now and even stopped looking because I'm going through massive changes and (in my experience) an ltr tends to favor stagnation in the same old patterns...I think I will be ready at some point to have an SO in my life but on my terms and only if it's good for me. This is already a massive change compared with the old extremely co-dependent me!
I went through a divorce after 10 years of marriage.  Eventually I found a kind lady whom I love. Change is tough but sometimes it is worth it. Wishing you the best Ginger! IWNDWYT 
You did it again!  Another very insightful and interesting post.  Thank you..Peace out.
Thank you for another very insightful post.  Thankful you are here to share with us.  Have a great Thanksgiving with your group.
Well what a time to check back in on the Sprout.. fantastic. A lot more than merely a history major going on here. Super good Ginger.. a short story I was up in Canada north country in my youth a community called Fort Good Hope.. farther on down towards Inuvik was a man who could not live in our society such as it was because of a long standing and crushing drinking problem and so he and his family had this sawmill set up on the banks of Mackenzie River a place called Little Chicago..  this man he made a life of it despite it all. Keep on sailing Ginger your one of the good ones. 
Thank you for this post! I made the same decision about not dating during my first year of sobriety. It was a year of profound change for me. ..What I learned was - I used dating as an amazing distraction from focusing on my big issues or even medium or small issues. I instead could focus my prime attention on a relationship and be really good at that. (I could also talk your ear off about how cognitive dissonance played a role for me - as in  sure I wasn't focusing on my drinking issues however if this other person sought me as a partner then clearly my issues were not that big of a deal .) ..A more harmful thing I did was - find someone with more urgent needs than myself and instead of focusing on myself focus on their care. Again with cognitive dissonance -  sure I skipped therapy however person X did not relapse/was not suicidal and I supported their immediate need . Supporting others is fantastic so long as it's not detrimental to your own self-care. I have postponed my own self-care and used  helping others  as a reason not to do my work...You're spot-on recognizing that things will change so much during year one. And this is where the wisdom of your experience really plays to your advantage. There will be changes and also some familiarities. ..Anytime you want to talk about being equally yoked I'm down. I met my husband 1 year and 4 months after getting sober and when we got married our marriage prep deacon addressed the topic by saying  you both seem to know what you're doing you've lived together four years it's a metaphor so you should be good.  I was shook. ..Have a wonderful thanksgiving. I am thankful for you and your posts. Catch you tomorrow. ..
