-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zfqhh/is_it_better_to_date_other_recovering/

I've been in recovery for 5 years and I've thought about this a number of times. I've been in two relationships during that time one with a completely sober person and another with someone who smoked a lot of weed (too much for me I ended the relationship partially because of this)...I don't necessarily mind dating someone who casually uses substances as long as its infrequent and they live a stable life but I tend to think I'd relate more to another person in recovery and we could strengthen each other. Yet there's always that fear they will relapse and cause turmoil and pain for me...What have your experiences been?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on five years and for asking this interesting and important question. I don't have the answer but I will be following your responses! ..Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm interested in this question too for future relationships. I'm thinking about taking a year off from dating but ultimately I do want to meet someone that I can have a long term relationship with. Long term relationships have been something I've not been capable of maintaining while drinking.
I've literally just posted something eerily similar haha...It seems like dating a recovering alcoholic is a great way to support one another not drink but still have someone who has that exciting "edge" to them that I struggle to find with people who just choose not to drink anyway...It's a really difficult grey area to find yourself in this situation.
Good question...Personally I think it would be EXTREMELY hypocritical to not date another addict. First of all anyone addict or not getting into a relationship with you runs the risk of you falling apart and relapsing. So just by being an addict you are already making the relationship potentially difficult/disasterous for them. So I think you should grant the same courtesy (the 'you' here is any of us not just OP)..That said I don't think two people in early recovery should date as they can endanger each other. But two people in long term might be able to strengthen each other...&amp;#x200B;
I wouldn't date me until I'd had a year sober at least. As for others I know it'd be way easier with a nondrinking partner whether that means former drinker or natural teetotaler/rare drinker and that I'd feel like we were more on the same page. I don't mind a little weed but no stoner life...And I'd be a little paranoid about the former drinker if I'm being honest. Just because I don't want to drink again doesn't make statistics go away--staying sober longterm can be tricky. 
In my personal experience i dont think i could deal with someone who uses excessively period thats a given. As for the recovering addict? I could see that being an option definitely better than the former way better. My preference? Someone who just doesnt use because of lifestyle &amp; has no interest. I think that would be the safest for me. On one we would be on the same page about lifestyle maybe not recovery but abstinence nonetheless. On the other hand i wouldnt have to feel like i had to look at my reflection day after day. I find recovery to be a group effort as well as personal journey but i dont know how adding a romantic relationship in that would end up. I would feel less comfortable if something in the relationship happened &amp; my safe space (meetings) were compromised by that. Id say try what you think is best youll find out soon enough.
