-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zg1ha/day_6_and_substituting_one_addiction_for_another/

I am on day 6 and it has been a challenge but not as bad as I thought. I feel great (mostly) in the mornings and am able to get through the cravings. I have lots of addictions but drinking is the cause of my issues. I think. I have also pledged to not gamble and that's going well If I don't drink I don't really want to. But I'm still smoking nicotine and marijuana. I keep telling myself that I will quit the mj after today. Smokes after New Years. Am I just justifying? Am I fooling myself and setting myself up for a relapse? As I type this I think I am at least with the mj. I need to face reality actually sober not just find another addiction to escape into. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep smoking the pots...i dont know you but I can guarantee that you are a better person when you are stoned versus when you are drunk.  Dont get down on yourself for smoking.  God made marijuana plants he didn't make fermented toxin plants...
I would not try to quit more than one thing at a time sounds like a recipe for failure. 
I personally quit smoking a month ago and then drinking shortly after.  I however feel it's the MJ that has truly helped with my anxiety and sleeping.  I would ask myself maybe if the MJ is a gateway for you back into drinking.  If the answer isn't a solid yes I would personally stop smoking. Only you can answer this. ..Good luck
Some say quit one thing at a time. For me quitting ALL bad habits at the same time was much MUCH better...In one day I quit drinking picked the gym back up quit fast food cut a couple toxic people out of my life cut soda consumption down to about 1/10th of what it was and reconnected with some good people...Sounds like a lot right? But by day 7 MASSIVE good life changes were immediately apparent. It makes it really easy to see all the benefits...So yeah I do think you're kind of justifying but if I were you I'd quit it all have a week of hell but then a lifetime of awesome after.
Ill speak from personal experience. Youve identified your issues &amp; if youre like me that means you wanna do something about it. I had to make the tough choice to eventually quit it all. I quit drinking &amp; cigs and kept smoking weed. Guess what happened? I was as miserable as ever it didnt change anything. I was always looking for something outside of myself to fill my void but the only thing that would really fufill me is inner peace.
Yeah for me I wouldn't consider myself sober smoking pot.  I would be abstinent from alcohol but not living a truly sober lifestyle.  But that is what I want not what someone else might want.
