-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zgj7a/relapsed_after_2_12_months/

I made it 79 days my best stretch yet but the trials of life brought me to a weak point and I made the choice to self medicate with alcohol. ..I went to a lot of meetings in the first month got sort of comfortable with sobriety and stopped leaning on the support of folks at meetings. I knew the relapse was coming I was beyond stressed I stopped practicing the healthy habits that I replaced alcohol with I started smoking again pulling away from friends and it happened just like that. ..I'm headed to a meeting tonight and hopefully that will alleviate some of the guilt and shame I am feeling now. ..Anyways I'm happy to be sober today and I hope I can get another great stretch of time under my belt. Life on life's terms sucks! But I know that there's no way I can deal with life's terms and trials right now if I don't maintain sobriety. Please don't drink with me today we will all be better for it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. IWNDWYT 
No need to beat yourself up. Just try and learn and move on. ..Glad you are back. 
Sobriety is the only way I can deal with life.  It's not always easy but I cannot take the nightmare of drinking.   Welcome back! 2 and 1/2 months is a lot to build upon.  Wishing you the very best! IWNDWYT 
Relapse can be part of the journey and the way we learn. Here is how I see your story and this is based on my experience of getting sober which took me some years. Firstly you really want to stop and you recognize that alcohol is a problem for you. You had 2.5 months and I am guessing you felt the benefits of sobriety over that period. Hopefully now this relapse has shown you that alcohol just makes things worse...I was in the same position. I decided to learn about alcohol. Drinking is as much about the mind as it is about the body. Alcohol is cunning and baffling but not if you learn about it. I listened to the Rachel hart take a break from drinking podcast it changed my thinking and my life. Alcohol explained is a great book by William porter a little easier to read than this naked mind. .Finally I realized that life can be SH1t but drinking doesn't help. Drinking blocks our emotions temporarily but we can hide for ever. I am incredibly stressed at the moment but haven't reached for a drink in fact I keep thinking how would I cope with this and drink at the same time. We are all on a journey your relapse was a pit stop along that journey days are important but really being sober today is all that matters and in many ways we are all on day one!
