-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9zy63i/i_made_it_through_thanksgiving_1_of_the_3_big/

I've always had an issue with alcohol. It got increasingly bad back in 2013 when I would drink 10 Smirnoff green apple nips before work just to rid of my anxiety. I struggled with identity and self love. I tried AA but just didn't  feel  as though I  needed  it. I was sober for a month then fell back off the wagon. This was repeated for years. Fast forward to 2018 I was dating a woman with deep rooted issues. She had a drinking problem. I never knew how bad it was I just went along for the ride. Drinking 100 proof nips chasing them with beer. Drinking yet again before work. When she dumped me I realized how absolutely sick I was and how much I allowed alcohol to run my life. I binged for about a month and a half. Vodka every single day and night. 6 packs of beer and giant bottles of wine gone. Hungover feeling depressed and so fucking fat eating terrible fast food because it was easy drinking my calorie intake as opposed to fueling my body with good food. I was horrified when I looked in my recycle bin at all the empty half pints. ..I am currently 5 days sober. I know it may be not be much but I am impeccably proud of myself to be able to be around people drinking. I try so hard to keep the goal I have in my head. The  I am Sober  app has been amazing. I've already saved so much money in one week. My emotions have been flooding me. I never realized how much I actually masked behind alcohol. I've been meal prepping keeping my mind busy with puzzles and reading going to the gym and drinking water. I'm ready for the hard work and challenges that are going to face me. ...I feel good. And this sub has truly helped me. Thanks to all for sharing your stories and for listening to mine. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  ..The world record for sobriety is 24 hours and you've matched it 5 times!!
Keep it up up Brother!!
[removed]
Good job Have you considered trying AA again?
