-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a00n0g/the_night_i_tried_to_kill_myself/

Sorry this is going to be a little long. TL;DR at the bottom. ..This happened exactly 2 weeks ago I've been sober since and now I'm going to give a little background. I'm 27 now I've been drinking since I was 11. It started casual/social and eventually became daily. The only breaks in my drinking were when I was pregnant with either one of my two wonderful children. However a few weeks after they were born the cycle would start up again. ..I'm not the  wake up in the morning and drink a beer/shot  kind of drunk. Unless it was special circumstances it'd usually just be at night after almost everyone went to bed but I could never limit myself to just one or two. I would always always always drink until I couldn't stand. And it was almost every night of the week. I learned to wake up and function through the hang over. I thought my drinking wasn't a problem because I was only doing it at night and I was still waking up and doing everything I needed to. I couldn't have been more wrong. ..I suffer from some pretty severe anxiety and depression from PTSD from a shitty childhood. I've always self medicated using drugs and alcohol (I'm almost 11 months sober from cocaine and meth) and never had any real prescriptions to help me handle them even though it was quite and extreme problem. I was drinking and using drugs together but moved 600 miles away from home to kick the drug habit. While that was a good thing for me my drinking got considerably worse. ..So for the past 11 months I've been getting nearly blackout drunk almost every night of the week waking up in the morning hating myself making my anxiety and depression far worse than they already were. Then drinking to make myself feel better and continuing the cycle endlessly. ..I've had that feeling of wanting to die for the past few years but always too scared to commit suicide. I would cut myself on nights it got really bad the nights I wish I could've just stopped breathing or a freak accident would happen and I would finally die. ..Two weeks ago I had one of those nights. The night started off normal as any other. Got off work at the restaurant I bartend at started pounding whiskey and beer. My brother in law came and picked me up and I kept drinking when I got home. Everyone else was sleeping and I was still drinking when all of those anxieties came to me in the middle of the night. ..Loathing myself I went to the kitchen and grabbed a kitchen knife and just started in on my wrist. Pushing hard enough to break skin but not hard enough to do any real damage. I was bleeding and it would make some (more) ugly scars but I would survive. Then I got upset with myself for cutting myself again because how was I going to explain this to anyone?? I look like a dumbass and I can't even commit to killing myself. ..So hating myself even more I drew a hot bath climbed in in my underwear let myself soak for a few minutes. Still drinking straight from the bottle for courage and I took that knife one more time and dug into my arm so hard and deep that I split it wide open. I've never seen a wound like that in real life. ..I laid back and just waited. What seemed like an eternity went by and I was still conscious I figured that I didn't hit an artery or anything to actually successfully kill myself and all I did was split my arm wide open. I knew I was gonna survive and I knew I couldn't hide this or treat it myself. ..Defeated I got out of the tub drank some more from the bottle got dressed went upstairs and woke my sister up and just said  I think I need to go to the hospital . She immediately jumped out of bed and I showed her what was wrong. The hospital is only a few blocks away so we were there in no time. ..At the hospital they stapled my arm shut and sedated me because I was almost 5 times the legal limit and I was being aggressive and combative. The next day I was voluntarily admitted to the behavioral health unit of another hospital and spent almost a week there sobering up and getting on some meds to help me with my mental health issues...I've been sober for two weeks it's still a struggle but I've got an incredible support system. We got rid of all of the alcohol in the house and I quit my bartending job to remove temptation. I'm now seeing a therapist I have a support group I go to once a week and a  sober bar  I can go hang out at if I feel like I want to go out. I'm also on medication to help with my anxiety depression and even one to suppress my cravings for alcohol...Being sober is still very new to me but it's been a nice change of pace. And for the first time ever I can say that I'm optimistic for what the rest of my life looks like when it's not centered around alcohol. ..TL;DR: Been struggling with alcohol/drug dependency anxiety and depression for years. Got drunk and tried to kill myself two weeks ago now I'm finally sober and getting the help I need. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks so much for sharing your story. Glad you've gotten the help you need. *hugs*
I'm glad you're doing better.
So glad that you are here and that you found plenty of supports to help you on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
Hi sending a big hug for all you have been through. Well done for getting here. I'm glad you have found the support you need. IWNDWYT.
I'm so glad you are okay. You can do this  
I have been in the same boat I struggle with tremendous addiction anxiety and depression issues. And I know all too well the desire to end it all and stop the pain. Not worth getting into now. Life can be real shitty but there are always people that love us and I'm just thankful that both you and I are still around to receive that love. Please know that you are not alone. I have about two years alcohol free and it can still be a struggle but I at least know that a worthwhile life is possible as long as I stay sober. Good luck to you.
'My drinking's not a problem I only do it at night and still do what I need to the next day'..That one hits home - I fooled myself for years with that sneaky lie. Congrats so much on your strength to get where you are now. You can do this - IWNDWYT
I'm glad you posted thanks for sharing your story. The book This Naked Mind was super helpful to me when I quit. Not drinking with you today!
Hugs!  Welcome...you can get through this and thrive!  I know you can...IWNDWYT 
It takes a lot to admit that you need help from those around you.  I just got back from my sister's house today after almost ruining thanksgiving for my family and lost my greatest advocate. My sister. Please keep doing your best and it'll be tough but I know you can do it. &lt;3
IWNDWYT
