-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a076u5/it_seems_like_every_relapse_is_worse_than_the_one/

Hello there. ..I have known I have a drinking problem for years. My longest sober streak was over a year but it was something like three years ago. After that the time between stopping and relapsing has gotten shorter and shorter and it also gets worse and worse. ..This relapse from which I'm now recovering lasted under two months. In these weeks I managed to lose a job hurt myself pretty badly(kind of on purpose because mental health issues really don't go well with alcohol) get into debt and... well. I drank in situations that I never thought I would. Telling myself I have to drink just a couple so I wouldn't shake and sweat like crazy at for example my 3-year-old nephew's birthday party. Went to the store at 11 am and drank the first one right outside the store not caring about the looks I got. ..Anyway. If this relapse got me into this situation I'm kind of worried that the next one would ruin my life beyond repair. I'm seeking professional help I'm considering AA I want to make this work. I have been a part of r/stopdrinking before and I believe this can be one of the things that help me make this change last. ..Thank you for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I would absolutely recommend AA. You can show up to any open meeting not say a word and just listen. You'll be welcomed and I'd bet you'd benefit from some of what you hear. It sounds like a scary thing and did for me but now I couldn't imagine sobriety without a meeting about once a week. Nobody's perfect and alcohol addiction is cunnin baffling and powerful.  There's strength in numbers.  
Hi there and welcome back! I share your experience that it gets worse every time. I also share the experience that it is possible to stop. You have had a year sober so you know you can - that s a good foundation to build on! I will not drink with you today :)
if you are not sure what alcoholism is and how it works in the body (scientifically) look up "AA joe and charlies doctors opinion" on youtube...They explain the science behind addiction/relapse at min 9:00 onwards..Its not a moral issue.  Its a physical disease. 
[removed]
AA has helped me immensely my only regret is not going sooner. Doing the steps really helped me to recognize the unhealthy behaviors and thought patterns I was engaging in and that drove me to drink and what to do about them. Another huge benefit to me has been the fellowship and friendship of other ladies my age sober people to do fun things with. IWNDWYT. 
That is common. Each relapse becomes harder to recover from. And the older you get the longer it takes to regain health. .I highly recommend AA. I think it takes a lot of drunks to really help another drunk. 
Aa saved my life and gave me a life worth living.  Best to you.
