-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0mlyh/what_should_i_say_to_this_friend/

So I'm having a little holiday get together with my girls this weekend. There will definitely be alcohol and probably everyone will drink except me. But that's not the problem... I'm totally comfortable with that aspect of it as I no longer have any desire to drink whatsoever and I've been around it regular without issue...The problem is this one friend... most of my friends know that I quit and don't make a big deal out of it. But this one when I texted and said  btw I quit drinking  said  I hope you know you'll be drinking at the party.  As to not make a big deal of this I said  we'll see.  Knowing full and well that I won't. Now I'm worried that she's going to make a big deal out of it and I'm not sure what I will say!! ..She means absolutely no harm has no idea about my struggles (which I don't care to share) and drinks very little herself. She has only lived in the states for a couple years and coming from Europe I think the drinking culture is even more embedded. ..I will not say anything snarky to her because that just isn't me and I love this friend dearly. I also don't want to make a big scene and I'm afraid the girls are going to think I'm pregnant!! I also don't want to have a long conversation about the benefits of quitting. I just want to enjoy my friends. ..I'm thinking the best option might be to make a mock tail before everyone arrives just to avoid the confrontation. Although since most of the people there know I've quit that might draw attention too!! ..What to do???? 
----------immediate responses--------

I would expect that nobody says anything (because it's weird for people to get nosy about what's in your glass) but if she does bring it up I would laugh and say "Oh I thought you were joking no thanks. Anyway tell me all about this new job!!" Just keep it moving...It is not a big deal and it really should not be a thing anybody gets stuck on so I think if you go in with a carefree attitude and laugh off any attempts to be silly or bossy concerning alcohol it will go fine.
Drinking in Europe is not more embedded not that it has anything to do with it. You just stand your ground you do not have to explain yourself.
I would consider this person a friend. Maybe that will help you reframe things. Good luck.
