-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0n4ps/long_is_what_we_say_under_the_influence_really/

I wrote a 5 minute essay anonymously on Novni where you write out your thoughts in that amount of time and am deciding to post it here despite how personal it is. The top part of the essay is messy and hard to read because of it. I haven't shown this to my friend yet but I want to because I need to reconnect with him and I just want to show that I don't hold it against him. I did show the essay to my sister's boyfriend however and I noticed he cried a bit while reading it. He told me it was brutally honest saying he related to it but didn't go into detail. I hope someone else thinks this large amount of venting isn't too baffling.....&amp;#x200B;..Essay..&amp;#x200B;..I was talking to my best friend on social media today true story about how I want to move away from town but he responded angrily saying he thinks I won't miss him all. I was disheartened by this at first but then realized he may be drunk. I am not actually taken aback as I know him enough that he drinks a lot to think clearer because of a thinking condition he has otherwise and just wants to be able to communicate easier is what I make of it. When he is not drunk he is very unresponsive especially off of his medication he hates taking. I see his drinking as an addiction not because he loves it but because it gives him ability to talk and receive help possibly. Despite this he turns people like me away sometimes because of the certain things he says. However I know with my own addiction to things like porn and sexual addiction overall that things that have addicting substances in them like how the brain makes hormones and chemicals that turn you horny I never really feel like myself when I am wanting to hook up. I feel bad for him as I really struggle with not talking to tons of girls on social media at once as I combat depression by chatting and I really do not mean to suddenly become horny just because talking to a girl is somehow easier than a guy for me...5 minute mark..This is all I really wanted to say all the important things I really consolidated in my head as I was typing. I just want to know if anyone else feels this way. I am currently single but I feel like I really should lay off social media just because I get too flirtatious due to my desensitization and subconscious confidence that I might score the girl of my dreams like a jackpot on a site caused by having been so desensitized from an 8 year addiction to porn. I speak to counselors about this. I really want to understand my friend better. Although he seriously emotionally damaged me tonight by saying he thinks I wouldn't miss him if I moved away I really do feel bad for him...Not pity... but the wonder of...if he really is himself with all those addicting chemicals in his mind telling him not to think straight when all he wants is to think clearly...Thank you for reading. I would love to chat to anyone about these two pressing issues.
----------immediate responses--------

