-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0o6kb/i_thought_i_was_an_alcoholic_for_years_until_i/

ButSo I'm from Kent in England . I'm 24. Started drinking when I was around 15 same age as everyone I knew. Just house parties drugs etc. Nothing weird ...Grew weed at 19 and became addicted to weed. Realised it was making lazy so I quit and stopped growing. Replaced it with alcohol unknowingly...Drank 10 units a day / a bottle of wine a day equivelant of alcohol on average from 19 -22 without thinking about it. With a night out binge peppered in there about one a month...I'm now 24 tried many times to stop drinking. I recently changed a couple small things and it made the world of difference......This post is going to be very choppy. I'm just picking certain things I have discovered in absolutely no particular order...So to start I've always been into the gym and working out. I used to  diet very hard. Used to do a 1000cal defecit per day when cutting . I always craved alcohol at this time.. and this is when I was always drinking beer. I have since discovered I wasn't craving the alcohol in the beer j was craving the carbs in the beer and the feeling of happiness the carbs gave me due to being in a very hungry state all day. Imagine being starving all day then eating a cake when you got home from work. It's bliss...I discovered this by switching to whisky. I realized I didn't crave whisky . I only wanted beer. I kept whisky in the house and wouldn't drink it. Only beer. this was the main thing in me getting my drinking under control. I still crave alcohol at work but as soon as I get home I eat a bowl of porridge with a mashed up banana in it and my mindset completely changes. Instantly feel relaxed and no craving for alcohol...Another thing is I used to never keep alcohol in the house because I knew I'd drink it all if I ever started. Well yea say I buy 12 cans of Stella then sure I will drink them all if I start. But now I keep like 4 litres of whisky in the house. If I drank all that I would die . So knowing this ( this is really hard to explain ) knowing that I have alcohol in the house  more than I'd ever need in one session then I don't need to go Tesco to get beer ...So I get in from work  craving a drink. I force myself to eat some food if cravings are bad then I eat alot of carbs . Within ten minutes the craving goes away. You know the feeling at like 11 o'clock at night and your about to fall asleep and just super relaxed and no thought of alcohol cus your so relaxed as it is ? I get that after a meal after work ( very physical job I work in a warehouse and workout in evening and run in the morning ) ...And knowing I have so much alcohol in the house knowing I could literally drink myself to death if I wanted  means I can now set a limit and stick to it. I say ok tonight your aloud 6 units. I will drink them and then find it a struggle yet easy at the same time to not drink more. Because I know if I want it it's just right there yet I know if I have "just one more" then well there is like 500 "just one mores " next to me  in which case I'd feel suicidal and miss work so I never end up having even that one extra " just one more "...P.s as I said  this makes no chronological sense  all the points are equal in my mind...Now when I crave alcohol. I realize I don't crave alcohol. Because I get home and can easily drink as much whisky as I want. I've got litres of it here. Yet I never reach for the whisky. I sit next to bottles of whisky whishing I had a few beers...I then have some food (which is what the beer craving js all about ) and forget entirely about alcohol and just feel relaxed and in the mood to get into my duvet and watch some Tele and get a good night sleep...Will drink again on Christmas  or maybe I'll just eat tons of bullchit food. Or both. Point is  I think is if you drink alot of beer and crave alcohol after work I suggest buying a bloody ton of whisky and ice cream  and see when you get home  after you reach for the ice cream first ( you inevitably will because your trying to quit drinking ) you will find after the ice cream you'll get alot of those feel good relaxed nestled feelings you thought alcohol gave you when in fact you just had low blood sugar and your body was screaming for some food...That's how I have got my drinking under control. I'm sure it won't work for everyone but hey :)
----------immediate responses--------

I have read that hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) is very common in alcoholics. Crappy diets with sugar white bread and no fiber can lead to sugar spikes then too much insulin leading to a sudden drop. I try to eat complex carbs all day to keep my blood sugar steady; whole grains leafy greens lots of veggies and plenty of protein. l also keep my tummy busy with small meals or healthy snacks all day. Also hypoglycemia has similar symptoms to depression and anxiety. I have experienced my cravings for a good buzz being squelched with a good carb many times!..
I'm glad it works for you. The only way I found I could control alcohol is not drink it. Zero drinks is so...simple. 
The first time you posted this you said you were currently drunk.  Did you just take that bit out and repost it?
You posted this same post earlier and when you admitted that you had been drinking we removed it. Now you have posted it again. Posting when you have been told not to is a serious violation of our rules and can get you **banned.**
