-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0q8h3/thank_you_for_posting_relapsers/

Thank you for being brave enough to share you setbacks. Thanks for reminding me why I stopped so I don't have to remind myself....I believe in you. Lapses are temporary and you will outlast them.
----------immediate responses--------

Ditto to this.
 
Yup.  Ya just get back on the horse (I guess its a wagon in our case).  We all support you.
Thank you. I lapsed last night. Feel awful today and have to keep reminding myself its just a bump in the road.
Thank you...I have been beating myself up...I had like 11 days without anything. Then..ugh. I haven't gotten out of control. Or sick. But I almost wish I would have so that getting back to making healthy decisions was somehow easier. :/ 
Sorry to be of service... .  But thank you for the encouragement!
I agree that sharing our struggles helps others  more then we can know. We are here to help yourselves as we help others. Thank you to all the members that are strong enough to do that. It is truly awesome. IWNDWYTD
   
No thank you       ..I'm back in this! I'm gonna kick my cough start running again and make the last of this semester count !! 
Yes yes yes...The first few relapses were agony for me. It has been crucial to hear the stories of others thus far. The farther away I get from my last drink the more I know a potential  next one  would damn near kill me.
I a.Lapsed soooooo many times but today I'm stronger keep coming back
Read from a medical journal that polled a swath of folks all reaching for sobriety. To achieve 100% sobriety takes on average 5 years. So if you lapse then be kind to yourself and keep moving forward. You can do it if you maintain the Desire for sobriety.  ..We are in the 10% club. The other 90% don't bother for a stop drinking life
Sharing is caring  
damn it's such a struggle
Two months free after a nine month relapse. I can safely say sobriety &gt; drinking in every way...Goodbye crushing anxiety hello living my life like an acceptable human being. ..It's hard to slip up but it's worth it and possible to come back! 
I second this. IWNDWYT
Serial relapser here but....bollocks to it it's just head down and carry on. I want that year post....that's my goal! And this time...I'm truly loving sobriety.... (Note to self get that year post lol)
I was doing a bit of shopping today in an upmarket part of town looking for a new coffee pot treating myself to something nice. Suddenly like a moth to a flame I noticed a new bar. None of the usual riff-raff dive joint type of place. This place was polished chrome and leather with a refrigerator wall to the ceiling stocked with the best beers from all over the world. In that moment stopped in my tracks I thought to myself "Enjoy it folks I can't. That frothy Bavarian pilsner will start a gradual spiral into puking up bile in the mornings and shitting the bed at night"...I did manage to find a beautiful coffee pot for the same price as two overpriced beers. 
This is my longest stretch of sobriety in about 30 years.  What is different this time is that I am truly taking it  one day at a time  and affirming on a daily basis IWNDWYT. If I can do it anyone can!
Relapsed twice such a struggle.  I miss the taste of wine and the sweet spot of being slightly buzzed that brings with it that lovely comfortable social feeling.  But BAM that lasts for about 5 minutes and then the rest is...don't know cause I never remember.  Reading the struggles of others here has helped me tremendously.  Thanks for this post it's just what I need to read.  IWDWYT
You're welcome.  Glad my fuck up can be someone else's reminder to not drink for today!
Thanks for posting. That was a part of my acceptance when I decided to get sober again a couple of weeks ago. I'm not a failure and I might drink again but I just have to focus on working my way up/improving myself always.
Ugh I almost feel guilty posting my relapses because there are so many success stories/inspiring posts on here. I feel like I'm running the opposite way on one of those airport walkways trying to keep pace with people walking on the one pushing them in the right direction. At least failures are also just more accumulated experience I guess
One flat does not mean you slash the other three you change it and move on. 
Here here! Thank you all for the relapse posts - and the supportive comments that are always posted in response. ..&amp;#x200B;..One of the more helpful themes I've seen is how successful sobriety is a false indicator that moderation is also possible. I know myself well enough to know see the pattern ahead of time:..\- I'll just have one drink on a special occasion!..\- I'll just have one drink on all special occasions!..\- Look at all the things my brain can call a special occasion!..\- I'm drinking every night again but in "moderation"!..&amp;#x200B;..This sequence would inevitably lead to drinking heavily every night in a regular effort to hide from myself. That's just not what I want anymore. ..&amp;#x200B;..Seeing some version of that same story posted here reminds me that I don't need to run the experiment myself to know its result. 
Almost everyone relapses an average of 8 times before achieving permanent sobriety.  Just keep getting up. Don't give up. There is so much ahead that will start after being completely sober for awhile. You can do this! You are moving in the right direction. 
I couldn't agree more. Relapse stories are a really powerful resource. If any of you would like to share your alcohol "field research" please share it on r/AlcoholFieldResearch :D
