-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0rrvq/we_can_go_find_happy_together/

I'm a functioning alcoholic. I hate myself enough to drown it. You've been there. We can always do better...but doing  good enough  gets us through most days. ..Trigger warning: Do I love my family enough to stop hating myself so much? We all do but we all have a point where we decide that...that's enough. I just got that point tonight. I probably shouldn't be drinking and posting here. But I've been reading. I've been watching and celebrating and hoping.  I've been trying to find a pivotal reason a moment of truth here a seriously solid damn reason that I need to stop being a selfish asshole. ..We watch. We read. We secretly applaud you and wish it was us. And we look for a reason to stop. We hope you have a reason that we can identify with enough with to actually...fucking ...stop. We need a reason or example to stop. We can have a beer or two on a weekday night. It's just weekends we have problem with. And then maybe weeknights it helps us sleep.  ..We have pain; emotionally or physically. Maybe both. Maybe we just like feeling how it makes us feel. Maybe damn I'm bored and this show would be a lot more entertaining if I was drinking. Maybe it's just damn. I have nothing better to do.  ..Maybe it's that I have too much to think about and god damn. I don't want to think about it anymore. ..Maybe nobody gives a shit about how other people struggle. I totally didn't know this was a thing. ..I live in the middle. I know I drink too much. I'm missing out on shit that's actually important. ..When I started planning  my damn day on when I could have a damn drink (I refuse to drink and drive) and my kids couldn't have weekend plans because I wouldn't drive them anywhere after 11am. )I realized yeah woman this is an actual serious problem. Most parents just assume their weekends are shot. Not because they want to drink nah that was just me. ..My kids get what they want. They can talk to me about god damned anything they have questions about.  There's zero embarrassment about asking me questions. But then I thought...oh god how many times have I embarrassed them in front of their friends because I was a drunk idiot... ..And then tonight when I was drunk and feeling sorry for myself and all the other reasons we have for drinking; I tried to maintain my actual self (that we think is ourself) and my little one my happy rainbow light of innocent emotion caught me crying. It bothered her. She thought I was mad at her. I told her no sweet pea. Sometimes mommy just gets really sad; it's not your fault. This amazing kid told me just hold my hand mommy; we can go find happy together. ..We can go find happy together. Just hold my hand.  ..You know what kid? That's probably the best offer I have ever gotten. Let's go find happy together. ..That's it. I'm going to go find happy with her. I found my  point  or my  bottom . My kid wants to hold my hand so she can help me go find happy. . .Sometimes it's not a total picture. Sometimes it's just a word. Or a sentence. Or just being damn tired of it. But no matter what it is I will not drink with you tomorrow. And if you need me to; I'll hold your hand too. 
----------immediate responses--------

OMG this made me cry a little. Your daughter is a gift and this is a very sweet post. Thank you for sharing this with us! I will join you tomorrow in not drinking. 
It's amazing how it can just hit you like that. No warning or maybe a tiny inkling and then all of a sudden   perspective. And opportunity. For me it wasn't delivered by a charming kiddo but the result was similar. I'm finally on the road to happy and it's been pretty great...I really love your post. Let's all go find happy together   IWNDWYT.
Do you feel like you will do better when drinking? Do you say that tomorrow you will be better? I do that cause I drink and make myself feel better. I make myself believe that I will start again. I say this is it! This is the last time! Hasn'tHappened yet for me. 
