-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0ug7z/rebooting_after_6_months_relapse/

I've returned under a new account for a fresh start...3 years drinking followed by 6 months sobriety followed by 6 months of relapse.   It doesn't matter what tripped the relapse but I was diagnosed with ADHD and the meds made me feel very optimistic and powerful.   It also made me thirsty... for water yes but wouldn't a nice beer take the edge off the meds?   I felt very in control...I can't entirely blame the meds.   I felt overconfident.   I'd forgotten how easy it was to fall hard.   I'd forgotten how bad it felt.   In a word I got complacent.  At the same time I hadn't replaced the booze with anything really meaningful fun or fulfilling.   There was still a bottle-shaped hole eager to be filled.   The Adderall gave me a rush of confidence that hey I've got this under control and isn't it nice to feel "up" again?..So here I am back where so many of us have been.   Within 4 months I was sometimes consuming as much as a fifth of whisky in an evening.   All the horrors that come with it... the self-neglect neglect of responsibilities.   Anxiety guilt shame paranoia self-loathing racing thoughts racing heart desperate for it all to end right now unable to do anything but wait it out...On the bright side somehow I was able to struggle through marriage counseling and cut through some of the issues that were bothering me at home.   Amazingly I was also able to land a new job and leave my old toxic workplace behind.    Going forward the only toxins I face are the ones inside me.   So my job is to purge those toxins and not replace them with any new ones...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your experience. Sometimes is very hard try to not indulge especially during holidays where everybody seems to want to be happy drinking like crazy. I am five months now sober and I will not drink with you today!
Hey bub you did it for 6 months so hold on to that! You can do it again! Be proud of that 6 months! IWNDWYT 
I will not drink with you today 
Very nice.  Welcome back.
Omg. The adhd and taking the edge off the meds things really hits home.  Now that I think about it I started drinking daily when I started my adderall!
What was making your workplace toxic?  What job did you get instead?  I'm currently debating looking for a new job due to the fear my own workplace (service industry back-of-house kitchen) is toxic  and could easily derail this sobriety train.  It's already getting hard on me stress-wise.
