-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a0uv11/day_3_self_indulgence_but_in_a_good_way/

Day 3 and it's going pretty well.  Sleep is a bit of a struggle but I finished listening to This Naked Mind on Audible and it really resonated - I'm all in!  ..One thing I recalled from when I quit cigarettes in my 20s was that I missed the ritual of having a cigarette almost as much as the cigarette itself.  I missed taking a break from work and stress and just having a sanctioned moment to myself.  I found a way to replace that sanctioned moment but without a cigarette and never looked back.   ..With this recollection yesterday I went to a fancy tea shop and bought a beautiful ceramic teapot and a variety of loose teas - some herbal ones to create ritual around bedtime (can't recall a lot of bedtimes as of late) and some caffeinated ones to make me excited about waking up to a treat.  Rather than poisoning myself to sleep and administering caffeine to break through the fog of morning I've flipped the script.  I'm still indulging in a treat for me but just not a toxic one. ..I went for my 5AM run and despite the wonky sleep I had the energy to run several more laps than usual.  It made me excited to see what I can do when the toxins are out of my system and I'm back to normal sleep...Just want to thank you all for your continued presence and encouragement.  Reading all of your experiences makes me feel like I'm not in this alone...\#IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

You are so on the right track! I started collecting teapots when I decided to stop drinking. Another little ritual I do is have a hot shower and use a nice face moisturiser after work or before bed around the times I would have used to have had a drink. Great stuff!
LOVE this. I am now a dedicated tea drinker too. Bought myself a fancy set of teas and a decorative tea box. 
This sounds lovely   
I love tea. I make myself a cup every night. Replacing the ritual is very effective. Great job. Happy to stay sober with you today!
One thing I missed from when I was young was reading. As soon as I started drinking I stopped reading. Since I stopped drinking (day 40 now) I've started reading again and my little treats are books books books. I don't know it makes me happy but it does. 
Re: caffeine; I found that when I don't drink and get back to having true restful sleep I don't even need any caffeine the next day. In fact to have any ends up being counterproductive most of the time.
