-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a12bdr/well_hows_unemployment/

So I might've irreparably screwed up at my job by being inconsistent unreliable excessive in my absenteeism and basically kinda sucking all thanks to my (not so) friend: ALCOHOL! ..I've used up all my nine lives so my boss levelled at me that I can a) resign b) go to rehab or c) take a medical leave of absence and get my shit together. ..I'm not a fan of any of the above. I've already been struggling financially so this is going to be a big hit. I've been kind of dissatisfied with my job and the communication/relations between myself and my boss...but inherently I do love my job. Unfortunately my nasty love affair with alcohol has been fucking that up royally! ..I'm completely at a loss here. What do I do? Can she force to go to rehab in order to keep my job? *Rehab is just not in my realm of possibility; I suffer from significant anxiety/depression and had a huge familial upset within the last few years when I'm level mentally I have a healthy relationship with alcohol when I'm not I have an abusive relationship with it* What is a medical leave of absence and FMLA and all that? Can I apply for unemployment? ..I've worked multiple jobs my entire life. I have no experience here. It's also an ego hit. Ouch. ..Thanks for any/all advice! Oh and I'm in Washington state. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow.  Based on what you shared it sounds like rehab would be a gift you give yourself...Yet it's the one you deem impossible.
Rehab can help you address things like depression and anxiety too they normally have doctors there to help you. And for me it was good to have the time away from everything to really work through my feelings and just focus on myself and my mental health...A medical leave of absence would be time off to work on quitting drinking go to a doctor or therapist counseling outpatient rehab whatever you think would help you if you're not all the way ready to commit to rehab. You probably can't get unemployment during that time but honestly I'm not sure you could look into it. Some companies will keep paying you part of your salary during a medical leave of absence or at rehab (which is a medical treatment) so I would check if your company has any policy on being able to get pay during medical absences.
I went out on FMLA and used up all my sick time and still got paid while I was out. It also saved my job until I was ready to go back. I went to treatment for the first time then. I went back to work and lasted 4 months before relapsing and another 5 before I saw the writing on the wall and quit my job. ..Then I went to treatment the 2nd time.  That was 2 years ago.  Still sober. ..I don't know the legality of forcing rehab but essentially they are offering you a chance to get it together. Knowing what I know now  I would opt for the rehab.  It is structured and that is what I needed.   After my first rehab and relapse my quitting work was an effort to get my shit together. I had the means financially for a while. ..Left to my own devices I drank through my money alienated more friends and family and ended up in detox 3 times...I suffer from anxiety and depression and being in a sober structured environment helped with that. I learned how to interact with people again and it got way less difficult to handle my anxiety. ..Ultimately the choice is yours. If you are like me until you get a handle on it things may not work out so well. ..It's a tough spot to be in but there are ways out. Good luck with whatever you decide. 
FMLA allows employees to take an unpaid leave from work for various reasons including recovering from a serious illness. The advantage of this is that you can keep any employer-provided health insurance during a leave and your job is still there when you come back. It also means you can't collect unemployment because you're still employed just unable to work for medical reasons or because you're taking care of someone who's sick. ..I think it's pretty thoughtful of your employer to have brought this up as an option. It sounds like they're concerned for you and would really like to keep you around but need some serious changes from you in order to do that. Your employer can't force you to go to rehab but they can lay you off or fire you if you're not performing or become a liability...I know mental health services for anxiety and depression can be expensive. The way I've thought about it in the past is that dealing with my depression and anxiety now is cheaper than dealing with the fallout they would create in the future. ..Best of luck to you. 
Your employer can't force you to go to rehab. They could only fire you. In this case you would NOT be able to get unemployment since the firing is "for cause" i.e. your performance...You can resign but you also can't get unemployment. (You only get unemployment after resigning if it's "for good cause" like an ethical protest or something)..WHAT ABOUT ... intensive outpatient rehab in the evenings while continuing to work? Your boss has been pretty open with you about your problem so I bet she'd accept the news that you enrolled in evening rehab (as long as you stayed clean.) Your insurance might even help. ............
