-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1577g/yesterday_i_said_im_done_with_drinking/

I have always struggled with alcohol. My biggest weakness is this after work drink. Stop at the bar on the way home and have one beer.  One . That usually means 5 minimum. I had been lying to my girlfriend about it too. In the past I would take breaks from booze but during those breaks I would just hide it. Monday night after another one of those one beer nights after lying to my girlfriend again after during more damage to my body physically mentally and emotionally I said I need help. ..Last night I went to my first AA meeting. One of coworkers from a previous job is in the program with her husband and I knew they would be the best place to start. I was nervous for sure. But after spending an evening with them and 20 other people who all know they can't be sober alone I knew I was in the right place. I plan to keep going. I am done lying to myself and others about this. I need to find some meetings to go to in Philly(friend lives in Delaware) ..I'm Mike and I've been sober for 24 hrs. Let's double that. ..TL;DR Done Drinking and getting help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Thank you for sharing your story. It resonates with me - it took me a long time to get up the courage to go to AA or to even admit to myself that I needed help. I'm 4 months in and working the steps. I'm grateful to AA and I'm grateful to this SD community that connects me to inspiring stories like yours no matter what time of day or night. Knowing I'm not alone in the struggle helps me. I will not drink with you today!
This made me smile. Thank you and congratulations!..IWNDWYT 
Amazing step you took!  Stay strong and keep it up.  You will feel so much better in the long run.  Congratulations!
Welcome Mike and congrats on taking steps in the right direction. Glad that you have found support. Keep coming back. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Welcome! You've taken an important first step. I will not drink with you today.
TONS of meetings in philly... https://www.aasepia.org/meetings/
Hi Mike!  24 hours!!  The hardest part for me was deciding to do it!  I found  book The Naked Mind very helpful.  Good luck and keep it up!
Welcome Mike!  Keep coming back...find those meetings find a sponsor and that's how you start living an honest life.  I bet you're already feeling lighter with that burden lifted.  Congratulations on Day 1 and meeting 1...IWNDWYT 
[removed]
IWNDWYT Mike.....
Boom!  Your life just got way better Mike!  I'm reading This Naked Mind... it is really helpful and easy to read.   iwndwyt
AA taught me how to save my own life starting on 1/1/2013. I went to a meeting every day for 3 years 2 months and 3 days. Then I got stupid again. I was stupid for 7 months. I'm lucky to be alive and still have people who love me as well as a place to call home. I was stupid one more time but I pulled myself together IMMEDIATELY. AA is very different where I live now and I do not care for it. I still go weekly anyway. I have a sponsor. I stay in touch. I am so fucked up that I now get support from 5 sponsors in 2 states. It works for me! I truly wish you good luck with this thing. It's not easy. It's also not impossible!
Heck yeah! 
Admitting you needed help is the first step! Do whatever it takes to stay sober!
One of the most important and hardest days in our lives! Drinking has a way of sneaking up on us until you stop and face it. IWNDWYT
Great choice friend stay strong and best wishes from australia
From one Mike to another I'll join you.
Congrats on the decision! 80 days sober here and I go to meetings everyday. I have a sponsor and without these things I don't think I could do this. Find a group get active in the group. .IWNDWYT
Hi Mike I'm Laura. You got this mate. IWNDWYT
The first few days are the hardest man. Hang in there. It will get easier (and then hard again) and then easier still. I am happy that you have found a circle of support. This place is also great for support too!
Right on!
That's amazing! Those first couple days are the hardest but I'm sure you'll get through them. I like many others read this naked mind and got junk food to carry me through. Wish you the best !
Download the  Meeting Guide' app on your phone to find AA meetings near you.
Good job dude! We're all proud of ya! Stay the course! IWNDWYT 
Hey mike one of the best insights on quitting I ever got was that it's like turning the difficulty level on the video game of life down a notch. It doesn't make any of your problems go away it isn't instant success but a lot of things are less difficult. ..Best of luck on your journey and try not to make it even harder on yourself. I will not drink with you today. 
I just got to day 7 and I couldn't be happier. The first few days were touch and go though not necessarily the cravings but all the weird things my body was doing while it was adjusting to no alcohol. Lots of water vitamins and rest helped me. I started working out to help with my insomnia and was surprised at how effective it was. My goal is to hit the gym after work every night instead of hitting the bottle. Watching my pooch disappear is a nice incentive to stay sober and active. ..You got this! If I can do it so can you!!!
Congratulations on your decision and best of success! The after work drink and lying about it really hit home... We do not need to drink! 
I'm 24 hours in too. Will be facing the after-work temptation in a couple of hours. Gotta stop thinking about it and pledge IWNDWYT!
Hi Mike!! Congratulations I know it sounds trivial but believe me when I say the first few days are the hardest (and most impressive to get through!) I'm a HUGE fan of the West Chester 307 Club. Meetings every day and every night 10AM/noon/5:30/8:30PM. I owe my sobriety to that club house and those wonderful people.  Great younger crowd and older crowd basically a wonderful place for sobriety. I'm from the Philly area as well so please let me know if you need anything!..IWNDWYT
I'm at 24hrs too. Unfortunately I ended up in hospital with another possible brain bleed seizures &amp; collapsing after my latest bender on reaching rock bottom. My husband cried &amp; freaked out as I've already had a brain aneurysm enough is enough. Today I got offered my job back. IWNDWYT. Congrats keep positive it will only get better xxx
Take it one day at a time and there will come a day when you realize that you don't even think about alcohol anymore. When I got to the point of drinking every night I would feel bad about myself and wonder what it felt like to not be a slave to alcohol. Now I AM that person and even when I'm with other people drinking it doesn't even phase me any more than if they were drinking water. Sober life is just too good to let myself romanticize drinking anymore!..IWNDWYT!
 Good luck. On day 15 here. Some days are easier than others.  This place is great! IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;
