-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a15fn1/this_is_the_first_time_to_reach_out_to_a_group/

Of course the internet is always the best place to do so right?.There are individual reasons why I'm reaching out and why its on Reddit in particular. .I've managed to get off the booze for fixed periods of time (a month here two weeks there). However while my wife does force me to remain semi accountable I can never remain completely teetotal..The reason I've come to this board is because I find the concept of attending a group like AA intimidating. There is a level of embarrassment I still feel which I don't think I'm ready to tackle yet. Additionally I'm a socially awkward person at best and as a result of my inability to socialize sober I'm very much an introvert. Furthermore I have a few reservations about how AA can break down a person's self esteem and pride (when that is something I've always struggled with)..I've basically been on a 3 year journey in trying to quit alcohol. I had always made an idiot of myself when out drinking but it was always viewed as a rite of passage for a young man growing up in country Australia. Moving to Japan mixing in expat circles and being in a relationship where we both enabled each other's drinking exacerbated what was me binge drinking and making a tool of myself every fourth of fifth weekend into a nightly habit that I didn't question until life fell into a heap in 2015. That was when I was called out by a housemate about my drinking (while throwing me out of our shared accommodation)..A few drunken escapades later and I finally reached out to my wife and as mentioned before she tries her best. However I can never completely get over that 2 week to 1 month hurdle. Things aren't as bad as before when I would drink a 2 bottles of red wine in a night and then proceed to vomit. Nor have I said something hurtful or made a complete ass of myself. But I have woken up with some pretty nasty hangovers and the reasons I drink aren't for social reasons; they are because I feel anxiety or depression and I want to dull my feelings. That means drinking alone. This is clearly not a good equation and clearly is making something greater..If anyone in here can help me devise a battle plan to stay sober while keeping in mind while I chose to post here as opposed to going to an AA meeting. I have been on the fitness trip and  I have been on the mindfulness trip but they only take me so far.
----------immediate responses--------

Same here - Reddit is preferable to AA.  It helps to come here and post comments of encouragement or observations.  Supporting others and sharing in their struggles seems to help keep my own issues in check.
I have found success so far without AA. I am glad AA exists and I know they help a lot of people improve their lives but I wanted to try another path myself so I get where you're coming from. ..I had to get to the point where I truly and profoundly desired to stop drinking. This took a lot of years of being on the fence taking a month off here are there etc. By the end I was just exhausted and miserable. I found this sub and started reading it daily. I bought a copy of This Naked Mind and read it over several months. I finally had to be completely honest with myself (and my wife) about my drinking problem. And that meant admitting that it was a BIG problem and that the only way to address it was to cut out alcohol completely...Since April I have been sober and things are going very well. I have to stay vigilant which means being active in the sub almost daily. It's easy to forget how much things sucked the farther away you get from your last drink which I think is why none of my "breaks" worked before. If I find that what I'm doing isn't working over time I'm certainly willing to try AA but I believe there are other avenues to lasting sobriety.
You may want to check out Smart Recovery. Scientific approach to addiction recovery.  Face to face meetings on line meetings and resource materials available on line.  I'm not against AA but I was looking for a different approach.  Smart worked for me.  Best wishes to you in your recovery.
I am a non AA er myself for a host of reasons I won't  get into.SD SEEMS to fulfill that  need for me.This Naked Mind really  helped me get the right mindset.I found journaling really helped me the 1st while.My accountability comes from my adult kids.There is no way I could ever face them if I started again. When I need to I bend my wife's ear.And lots and lots of sparkling water mixed with whatever concoction I can dream up. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm a big fan of AA because it helped me with the social anxiety and gave me a network of people I could reach out to. I was super hesitant about AA at first but Reddit doesn't hold me accountable in the same way (though I obviously use SD as well and I think a couple of different sources is better than 1). Generally people are pretty welcoming in AA and have been through the same thing so they know where you're coming from and understand what you may be going through. ..I was very much like you when I put the plug in the jug myself - drinking daily to help with anxiety and depression and both have pretty much gone away (still some anxiety but nowhere near debilitating like it was). It takes time but things are definitely easier for me today. 
Sounds like you are on a similar path to me albeit I haven't tried SD. I tend to carry around a drink bottle of water (I try to drink 3 liters of water a day). 
