-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a15mjm/aa_mettings_are_they_uncomfortable_for_atheists/

Hi there!..It's my 4th day without drinking after my relapse. I was in my 4th month being sober and before that 8 months. I only ever tried therapy and counseling and now I'm considering going to AA meetings and sharing with you guys to stay on track. The thing is I'm an atheist and reading the 12 steps feels kinda weird. The word God is all over it and it makes me feel it's not the perfect fit for an atheist...Regarding my beliefs: I do believe in something superior but I'm not comfortable calling it God nor I'm I comfortable calling myself an agnostic but for the present prupose I guess that'll be more accurate. ..I live in South America and it's not your typical Caribbean Latin American country except maybe regarding religion...  So of course (the irony) the closest AA meetings are in a Church  . Needless to say I feel very awkward. Do any of you have some experience or advice you care to share? When I contacted the group they said that being an atheist is not a problem that the church just happens to have a place for group meetings....Thanks in advance! I will not drink with you today..
----------immediate responses--------

They technical say to believe in a higher power which most will call God in the meetings. It might be uncomfortable but as one person told me.... Take what you want out of the meeting that resonates with you and... Thats about it. 
In AA it is "god as you understand him" and in the Big Book there is a whole chapter dedicated to those who are atheists... Give it a try and open your mind it will all work out--James 
Many meetings are in churches simply because AA is a non-profit with no dues or fees.  Churches either donate space or charge very little...AA is not a religious program but is a spiritual program...The emphasis is on "something larger than me".  And that includes a whole lot of things in my case!  There is an infinite number of things more powerful than me!  The list includes grizzly bears the tides of the ocean gravity nuclear blasts ebola and of course *Alcohol that is inside of me*........The literature was written about 80 years ago and "God" was a common term.  Many people look at the gathering of the people in the room that are willing to help me without expecting anything in return.  "Group of Orderly Drunks" --- G.O.D...Everything in AA is a "suggestion".  ..The best thing is "Take what you need and leave the rest"...Hope to hear how it goes!
Thank y'all! I'm definitely giving it a try and will do with an open mind. I've been talking to the group asking questions and sharing some info but my first official meeting is tomorrow so wish me luck! ..I'll let you know how it goes! 
Some towns have "free thinkers" AA meetings that appeal to atheists and agnostics. Every meeting is different. Some are more "God-heavy" than others. My wife just replaces God with GUS (Great Universal Spirit). Take what you need and leave the rest. Even as a non-religious person I have found great value in AA.
I was very uncomfortable with a few that I visited it was wayyy too much for me. I found an agnostic AA meeting and it was a lot better no Lord's Prayer at the beginning and a different take on what a higher power means to the individuals attending the meeting. 
I'm an atheist.  I was able to come to believe in power greater than myself sufficient to work the steps and recover.
Oddly enough it was Russell Brand's take on this aspect of AA that stuck with me.  God = Higher Power = Something bigger than me.  This could be the program since the "program" I am currently working isn't working.  This could be the community of people I am now a part of.  This could be a great cosmic force.  Whatever it is to you the point is that you understand that there is something BIGGER than you.  
There are meetings for athiests. For me I look at the prayer and such as part of the traddition. No big deal. The guys who started AA were agnostic. .The focus is on understanding drinking and getting well. I look at it like when I go to someone's house for dinner. If they pray before eating I bow my head silently out of courtesy. No big deal. Regardless of our personal belielfs we can adapt to having a friendship with others without making religion a big deal. 
It's spiritual not religious. ..Below is from the web but makes sense to me after looking at your concern. That quite person is what resonates in meetings.  .. If you're a Spiritualist you may or may not believe in a God Goddess or the power of the Universe. Think of it this way: spiritualism is more of a practice of behavior rather than a practice of worship... .You know how some people seem to just radiate peace? These are the people we love to be around because they have a calming presence an aura of tolerance about them for everyone and every situation they meet.These are spiritual people whether they use that word to identify themselves or not. These are the people that are confident in their core beliefs are quietly getting on with things. They usually find themselves in a corner at social events offering advice to all that ask for it. 
Sometimes its even uncomfortable for people who aren't atheists/agnostics (me). Yesterday some girl said something about how she treats the money she handles for her job as Gods money and I'm over here like no lady that's your companies money step off it....the term God gets on my nerves at times. Higher Power too. ..All that's just my issues though I generally brush them off and go with the AA flow but some days my eyes are rolling real hard (inside my head not literally). AA has helped me tremendously. ..IWNDWYT!
