-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a16qiw/the_light/

Hi everyone..So I don't know where to start.  I've been trying to get sober for years now.  I've gotten through 20 30 even 60 days but nothing seems to stick.  Every time I see the light at the end of the tunnel and think that I can moderate my drinking.  I just can't.  So what I'm looking for is some insight as to what you guys/ girls do when you see the "light" and think of doing what I do...&amp;#x200B;..I'm struggling today and a few words would really help...&amp;#x200B;..Thanks SD!!!
----------immediate responses--------

When I am trying to escape a drug addiction the light at the end of the tunnel isn't to use that drug just a little bit.  I didn't quit cigarettes with the hope of one day being able to enjoy a cigarette now and then.  I quit to stop destroying my lungs.  And I quit drinking to stop poisoning my liver for a false sense of fun.  That light you describe is nothing more than the onslaught of advertising trying to drag me back.  The real light is in the other direction.
The world record for sobriety is 24 hours.......You've matched and exceeded that many many times!..When I knew that I could go 24 hours I realized that I only needed a support network to hardwire it in my life...I went to recovery meetings and just listened...Tried meetings?
Well I guess I finally accepted the truth after way too many failed attempts at moderate drinking.   I realized I cannot do it.  More like a "light bulb moment."  It's kinda nice actually acceptance.  Frees up a lot of mind space...I am sorry you are struggling.  I know what that's like.  
I wasn't able to quit for good until I finally embraced the fact that moderation is a mirage. What's the point? I drank to get drunk. The only way I can control alcohol is not drink it. Once I accepted this simple fact I was able to escape the slavery of alcohol. I was a hostage and now I am free.
I have read tons of stories from people who think they can moderate and fail. I accept that I can't drink and that is my light. 
