-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a17lwp/motivation/

I've been sober for 9 and a half months now (286 days wooo) and I went to AA in the beginning but felt like it was hindering me more than it was helping. Everyone's stories of why they became addicted to alcohol and the low points in their life saddened me and made me want to drink more...I haven't been to AA for about 7 months and I'm nervous about going back in case they think I relapsed. I'm basically just looking for reasons to go again. My partner (who stuck by me through everything; drinking every day the ensuing health problems detox) wants me to go again but I can't bring myself to face it. The next meeting is in about two hours. Can anyone help me in finding the motivation and desire to go again?
----------immediate responses--------

Your experience today is informed by all you've been though in the last 9 months.  Perhaps today what you'll hear may strike a different chord.  Perhaps today you'll hear more about managing the staying sober daily part.  I do know that our perceptions change over time and we are able hear more about the things that resonate with us as we heal.  It may go differently for you today.  
Anyone thinking you relapsed can be easily remedied by telling them you didn't.  I don't go to AA anymore myself but if your partner wants you to go I would just think of all the things they put up with.  The blackouts the drunk ramblings etc.  If they can do all that I can spend one hour at a meeting.
I can assure you that no one will judge you or question you once you step through those doors. And even if people think you may have relapsed who cares? The loudest cheers at an AA meeting are for those who announce that they have recently come back. Relapse is a part of most people's stories and even those who haven't relapsed (yet) can certainly identify with the struggle to remain sober. But in reality nobody cares. People there are concerned about their own sobriety and don't have the mental energy to wonder who you are or why you haven't been around in a while. People are welcoming at AA...I find that I like hearing people's stories of their drinking because they usually accompany stories of how people's lives improve once they've gotten clean. Every meeting I go to I hear one thing   even if just a brief share   that inspires me. I imagine if you resume going you'll find the same thing...Good luck!
In my experience i cant give a shit about what others will think if it stops me from getting the help i need.
After working the 12 steps of AA I have found a whole new way of living joyous and free.
&gt;I'm nervous about going back in case they think I relapsed...I regularly remind myself I am not responsible for what anyone thinks believes says or does...My mind will fabricate scenarios that do not exist...I don't know what they will think...Since it sounds important to you one way to clarify it for anyone interested is to simply share in the meeting  I've been sober and yet I believe I may benefit from meetings ...Whadda ya think?
Everyone thank you so much for your comments! I went to the meeting (I did a full face of makeup beforehand because makeup is expensive and whenever I do my face I always will myself to go out and go /somewhere/) and it was a very good meeting. I spoke with people and I don't think I've ever done that before at a meeting I got someone's number and I told them I will definitely see them again next week. I hope everyone is doing well. IWNDWYT
