-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a17qje/the_uphill_battle/

Hello all..I'm back on day one. I'm so ashamed of myself for my last relapse but I am getting better at aquiring more sober days than not. Down from daily for years to maybe three days a week. Every day sober is truly a precious gift at this point... I see a therapist once a week to help with my drinking and depression and I go to AA pretty much everyday. But for the last week I've been too ashamed to say anything in AA about my drinking which is stupid since everyone there has been there before. I've even been ignoring my sponsor for the last week. I'm just not working the program just a guy in a seat for an hour...I generally will make it a few days then the weekend hits and well... I don't remember them. It's like if I don't have any solid plans or places to be then I hit the bottle. This is truly the biggest uphill battle of my life. Im so tired of it. I know I can't  even touch or smell or even look  at alcohol without getting triggered. It's all I think about most days even if I'm sober. ..I'm going to try something new. Everytime I want to drink I'm going to post something here. I lurk here all the time so why not post something sometimes. I see a dozen threads of people offering advice so why not one more today? Any tips guidelines or ideas for making it past this weekend hurdle I face every week? Anything is appreciated. ..Thank you all for your time. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I am going to say this to you from a place of love and understanding:  The system you have going right now isn't working.  Take a deep breath.  It's ok.  No one is mad or dissapointed in you.  You are a good and worthy person.  ..But not all is lost!  In fact now you know what doesnt work!!  And look you are already trying something new.  Suggestions and advice:  Plan to lock yourself in your house this weekend.  Go to the library or order books from amazon about alcohol addiction.  I will endorse This Naked Mind until I die (I did it on audible).  Someone has a free copy somewhere.  Alan Carr is also really good.  ..I am also a big fan of writing down quotes poems thoughts about what I am feeling at that moment.  I have two sections in my journal:  Stupid Drunk Shit and Beautiful Sober Things.  I reread them when I feel like I need a drink.  ..Find the system that works for you and work that system.  Hang in there.  Come back here and let us know how you are.  IWNDWYT.
Everyone in AA has fought this fight. We know how hard it is and no one passes judgment. 
I know exactly how you feel.  But I think you can do this.  I know it probably doesn't seem like it right now.  But I think we BOTH can do this.  People get and stay sober all the time.  It's certainly NOT impossible.  Keep going to meetings.  Reach out.  Perhaps someone there will know exactly what you need to do.  Keep coming here too.  Everyone here is ready and willing to support you through this.  IWNDWYT.
Hey Mckelly! I hear you on the weekend being a challenge. My problem time started 4pm on fridays. For the first few months each one was a fight- and sometimes I would have to go to bed at 7pm with a takeaway just to keep myself from the habits I had built up over the years. Is there anything you can do to help your self out in those really challenging times? Can you change your patterns and routines to help yourself out?.Plus- shame is a killer feeling. Everyone here is well acquainted with the way you feel right now. You aren't alone and this can pass. Shame is useful in that it is telling you something needs to change but it is also useless as it lies to you about your worth lovability and whether you can change. Good luck:-) We are all here alongside you!
For me AA was effective at first but slowly I started to get away from meetings ignore my sponsor and then the thoughts of drinking crept back in. After 5 months of sobriety I relapsed and it was a really awful and terrifying experience. I realized that I couldn't do it alone. I needed help and a plan. I'm now attending AA meetings nearly every day and got a new sponsor too. I can't say  doing the work  has been pleasant. I usually have to drag myself to a meeting but once I'm there I'm much happier and I never regret going. Also my first meeting back from relapse was a really tough one to go to. I cried the whole time and admitted what happened. You know what? I was met with nothing but support and understanding. The program doesn't work unless you work it so you have to be willing to do the work and do it for yourself not for anyone else. I wish you the best in finding what works for you OP! Everyone is different and so what works for them is different. The important thing is to never give up.
i didnt speak for first 3 months of AA - trust me its okay not to talk. Recovery is for you.  AA as a teacher where i can learn is what helped me - Im over a year sober now because of it.  Steps sponsor doing the written work exercise therapy.good diet. Hope that helps. 
Just a follow up day one is over. Now for day two. I will not drink with you today! Thanks everyone for the words of encouragement. 
