-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1lu45/what_i_learned_from_my_relapse/

Hello SD community..I recently relapsed after a period of about 130 days sober. I drank for about a week. My new sobriety date is October 24 2018. I currently have about 36 days sober...At the time of my relapse I was living in a sober living house with about 8-12 (number was always changing) other women. The house was great it was more of a place to crash then anything but the rules and accountability helped me out a lot. At the beginning of my stay I was on the  Pink Cloud  as they say. I had just gotten out of a 30 day rehab I had reunited with my boyfriend I was in an IOP program going to meetings five days a week with other sober people and managed to get a new job at a restaurant very quickly. I was excited and happy to be sober it was mid July and things seemed to all be going great...That was when my mom got diagnosed with cancer. I was less than two months sober. This affected me a lot more than I let on. I had always had a bit of a strained relationship with my mother I love her very much but we used to fight a lot when I was in High School. I'm not a very affectionate person and I try to hide my emotions. I did ok for a while...Then I left my job to pursue a more intense serving job at an extremely high end steakhouse. I was working about 12 hours a day and had to study all night during my training. Soon I became restless irritable and discontent. My grandfather (last remaining grandparent) was admitted to the hospital for a stroke and we found out that he had been hiding vascular dementia for years. He's a pretty wealthy man and my aunt now has the power of attorney. I won't bore you all with the details suffice it to say there was a lot of family drama going on...I stopped going to meetings I stopped talking to my sponsor my insurance cut me off from any more IOP therapy I was struggling to pay rent. Life was hard and I started to isolate myself and think about drinking again...I planned my relapse. There is no doubt in my mind about that. I went to a small bonfire at one of my BF's co workers houses where I knew everyone would be drinking and smoking pot. I knew I shouldn't have gone there. And so I had a drink then 2 then 3. I waited until I was sober enough to drive and went to the sober house and quietly packed my things and left. No drama no scene. It was very sad. By the time I got to my BF's house I was begging for more alcohol and crying because I felt like such a fuck up...Soon after I was drinking every day. I started going to bars by myself again after work and getting drunk. My physical tolerance was so low that it didn't take much for me to get drunk anymore. But here's the thing: not one time during my relapse did I actually enjoy a drink. Every single drunk that I had felt terrible. I felt dirty gross and bloated. I'd wake up with a hangover and hate myself. The guilt was eating me alive. I moved back in with my parents and told them it was because I couldn't afford to pay rent...On the last day of my drinking everything came to a head. I got drunk while I was with my BF and we went to his house. I was pissed off for who knows why and started an argument with his best friend. It escalated quickly. His father and mother realized I was drunk and his dad kicked me out of the house. I threatened suicide and police were called. I was almost hospitalized. My mother who was sick from chemo had to be called at 2am. My dad was traumatized because he thought I had died. He picked me up and we didn't say a word to each other. I'm extremely embarrassed telling this story. I still feel awful about everything that went down. I apologized to my BF's mom via text but haven't been over to the house since out of shame...I've always struggled with depression and suicidal ideation but when I drink and my inhibitions are down I start to act on these feelings. Every emotion that gets bottles up comes out and I turn into a screaming crying monster of a person. The relapse was so much worse than my initial drinking in some ways. In just one night I managed to destroy the trust I had been building back for nearly five months. I hurt others and I hurt myself...I still crave alcohol deep down that feeling hasn't gone away yet. I hope that it will someday. BUT I realized that alcohol doesn't fill that hole any longer. No matter how much I drink I will never feel good or satisfied. The craving doesn't stop when I drink it only gets worse. Even the times when I drank with other people around it just wasn't the same as it was back in my long gone fond memories of drinking. It's insane that I crave something so self-destructive but I suppose that's the nature of addiction...This past month life has still been life. Bad things have happened. I was fired from the job that caused me so much stress my grandfather is now in hospice and my mom is battling cancer and sick from chemo. However alcohol doesn't make it go away. When I sober up those problems are still there and I'm just worse for wear. I have a new sponsor now and I am still living at home trying to find a job and starting a new IOP program next week to help fight my depression. I've also started attending meetings again as well as volunteering at a riding stable for disabled people. ..I consider this relapse an important learning experience for me. But it didn't have to be that way. All I can do now is keep moving foreward and staying sober. And when I hear that little whisper in my ear telling me to order a glass of wine at dinner or that I'm missing out on life I recognize that it's my disease lying to me. I can't promise that I will stay sober for the rest of my life but I'm sober today...
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
 The craving doesn't stop when I drink it only gets worse. ..Truth friend. Hugs.
sober today w you girl lots of love from Texas &lt;3
When it came to drinking my relapses taught me as much or more as my days sober.  Main life lesson - shit happens but when I'm drinking it's ten times worse.
As they say on here: "Day one is better than day none!" Chin up and welcome back! 
