-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1nw3k/my_girlfriend_of_5_years_is_leaving_me_im_back/

Hey all.  Thanks for anyone who takes the time to read this I've posted here before over the years and try to stay active in reading posts here.  This will probably be a long post so forgive me I'm going through a rough time and I could use any encouragement to help me through yet another Day 1...My girlfriend of 5 years told me this week that she's leaving for good.  We moved in together in a new city almost 2 years ago and I know that I've just put her through hell so for so much of our time together and the guilt I'm feeling now is almost unbearable.  She has known about my struggle with drinking and depression for a long time and she has given me so many second chances and each time I say I'm going to get better.  I want to get better I truly do I have to want it for myself and I do.  I hate so much that I caused a wonderful caring forgiving person so much pain.  I can't imagine all the nights where I was unconscious next to her leaving her to be alone.  This drug has turned me into a person I do not want to be and has left me alone and behind in life and with a trail of people that I've hurt behind me.  It's the only only thing that ever makes that dark cloud go away even just for a little bit but of course it comes back twice as dark the next day and before you know it you're caught in that cycle again.  ..I don't want to hurt other people anymore and I don't want to hurt myself anymore.  I took the day off work today and got in touch with a counseling hotline type-thing and they are supposed to set me up with some counseling soon.  I've tried that route before but was never able to stick with it.  Now I know how important it is to stick to it.  I saw a helpful comment on here tonight about "serial relapsers" that read: "Because an alcohol use disorder can be a chronic relapsing disease persistence is key. It is rare that someone would go to treatment once and then never drink again. More often people must repeatedly try to quit or cut back experience recurrences learn from them and then keep trying. For many continued followup with a treatment provider is critical to overcoming problem drinking."."Relapse is common among people who overcome alcohol problems. People with drinking problems are most likely to relapse during periods of stress or when exposed to people or places associated with past drinking."  I guess I'm one of these people.  It's a lifelong battle that has to be maintained every single day and I just haven't put enough work into it.  I hope that getting into some counseling or getting to some AA meetings soon will help...I checked into a hotel room just for the night to try to clear my head try to get some kind of food in my stomach try to read and reflect on what comes next.  I'll have a difficult month ahead of me as I go through the last few weeks of living with my girlfriend and find a new place to live.  I'm just terrified and feel a sense of loneliness and guilt like I've never felt before...I know things will get better but only if I'm just able to not drink.  Just one day at a time as everybody says.  I just have to face everything now whether I like it or not but I know that it will get better slowly.  I want to be better to myself and to the people around me.  I'll have to try not to let the guilt and fear drive me back into it.  Thanks for all the support and encouragement that everyone here provides I'll be reading through a lot of this tonight.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on day 3 after a bad thxgiving weekend. Good luck
Sorry you're going through this but make sure to keep your head up and focus on one day at a time. You can do this. 
I am sorry to hear about your GF leaving that sounds sad.  I lost a GF of 3 years because of my drinking related behavior in the past.  So I get it unfortunately lol.  It is true you will have rough times ahead and you have to remember that they will only be rougher or devolve into even worse times if you are drinking.  That is just the simple yet unfortunate truth of the matter.  You can overcome this good luck with everything man  :)
Sorry to hear about your gf. Thats tough. Im on day 1 and struggling with guilt and shame. We can start this new lofe together. IWNDWUT
So sorry you are having relational problems my drinking has cost me at least 4 relationships in the last 20 years with wonderful women who truly loved and cared about me but did not want to watch me destroy myself. It's very common for those of us with alcohol use/abuse problems to have to choose between alcohol and something or someone we care about. Alcohol wins most of the time (in my experience at least) which just goes to show how absolutely powerful of an addiction it is. There is hope there is always hope. This short Ted Talk has given me hope it's worth 15 minutes to watch. Best of luck and don't every quit trying to quit!..[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EghiY\_s2ts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EghiY_s2ts)
Aa saved my life.  I hope you find your solution.
I read the naked mind it really helped to see what alcohol really is. its poison and destroys life. I have relapsed to many times but am on day 32 now I am trying to exercise a lot  find a hobby and get really involved in it this is really helping me as well as coming on this everyday without fail I am working on my sobriety every day  it is life or death alcohol is not worth losing life
