-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1staw/looking_for_advice/

Hi lovelies! So I started dating someone new who is also in recovery but from opioid addiction. Our connection and chemistry was intense right from the jump and we have been inseparable since we met a few weeks ago. I feel like I could really see myself with this person. ..However I have began to notice some red flags. Because we both are addicts I can see that we have very similar personalities - we will stay up too late not respect boundaries that we've implemented (for example only have sleep overs 2-3 nights a week but end up spending 7 nights together in a row) etc. he also still drinks occasionally and smokes weed but he justifies it by saying that either of those things were his drug of choice. That doesn't sit well with me. ..I feel like I'm cheating by smoking weed. I don't like it. I also don't know how I feel about him drinking occasionally. It worries me due to his history of relapses etc. he has been clean for 1.5 years now from opioids. I'm just not sure how to feel about this whole situation plus I know that you aren't really supposed to date anyone seriously within the first year of recovery. ..I would love to hear anyone's thoughts opinions or shared past experiences with situations like this. Thanks for reading! Xo   IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

We can breeze past red flags and pay later or we can pay attention now and save ourselves the misery.  Misery doesn't look like misery at first misery looks like fun feels like fun.  Until later.  That's why red flags exist.  To show us there's more going on behind the curtain.  Our spider senses tingle with forewarning.  Red flags mean run.  They mean Warning: Danger Ahead.  I've never met a red flag I didn't regret breezing past. 
Ya it's tough because being with new people makes our brains release all sorts of feel-good chemicals.  I would be weary about the weed+drinking.  Sounds like he replaced one addiction with another and if you keep smoking same with you.  Obviously weed is not as harmful as other things but it's still a cheap way to "feel good" without actually accomplishing anything lol.
Red flags exist for a reason. They warn us something bad is going on...In my experience staying sober has been a lot easier than getting sober and I've had enough Day 1's to know I never want to experience another. I've learned (the hard way in some instances) to move away from anything that might endanger my sobriety because if I don't I risk moving toward a relapse.
It took me years to learn to listen to my own innate wisdom. I have never once regretted doing so. It sounds like your wisdom is telling you loud and clear what is safest and best for you.
