-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a1xap7/when_im_eating_i_listen_when_my_brain_tells_me_to/

Like many people I've picked up a habit of eating cookies or chocolates at times where I would be drinking. It definitely satisfies my cravings and gets my mind off alcohol (yay!) ...I've also been trying to lose weight through living a healthy lifestyle which is mainly through staying off the sauce and making healthier food choices. However last night when I was eating cookies instead of drinking I started to wonder if it was possible I would trade binge drinking for binge eating?...I browse the posts at r/loseit sometimes for some weight loss and health inspiration. The posts about people's struggles with binge eating and food addiction intrigue me and help me learn more about the nature of addiction and it's made me realize some things about my own addiction. ...I've never really been a binge eater. I've been indulging in sweets lately but I figure it's less calories than the alcohol I consumed because once I start drinking I cannot stop. However once I start eating cookies after a few my stomach starts to feel full I stop paying attention to the cookie box and most importantly something in my brain just yells  STOP!  And I stop eating....For me and my alcohol addiction and others with food addiction that STOP message just does not exist. With alcohol I feel it in my stomach I think I should stop but I'll just have one more and that message to stop is barely a whisper because it has been drowned out. ...Now I'm not trying to compare alcohol and food addiction because they are both very serious on their own terms but drawing those comparisons between an addiction I have and an addiction I don't really hammered in the idea that the absence of that STOP signal is what separates me from people who can drink responsibly. ...It's really not just a matter of willpower or psychological strength. My brain is just not primed to enjoy alcohol in moderation and I am coming to terms with that! .
----------immediate responses--------

That is a really good way of looking at it! I also upped my junk food intake after I quit drinking but never to the same extent.
I have made that comparison as well. Even if my stomach was full I could still keep drinking!!
[removed]
