-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a297m1/please_pray_for_me/

I saw myself as a party girl. I was never violent or aggressive. I was fun! I was confident funny and coherent! That's how I saw myself until I assaulted someone. I don't remember any of it. 2 hours of my memory is just blank I've never blacked out like that before. I only drank 3 glasses of wine and a mixed drink. I thought I was fine. I was good with that and I stopped drinking..I did not predict someone drugging me. They meant to drug their girlfriend but after getting confused with the bottles of wine (the cardboard kind we had the same kind) he put the drug in mine. But there's no way of knowing there's no proof and there's no way to be 100% certain. I have drank a lot more and been fine. .I punched a man in the face. I have never been violent a day in my life. I'm struggling so hard because that's not how I see myself. It's so hard. I have never ever physically hurt anyone before and I can't comprehend what happened. I started remembering once they were taking my info at the jail. I just don't understand how I could do this. Like I just don't get it. .That being said I am 49 days sober. I'm going to meetings doing everything I should. I'm only 21 I graduate in the spring. I'm active in my community I have an internship and my future looked bright. I just can't believe I have this in me.  Alcohol is disgusting vile and evil. It's a drug! It changes people. I can't see myself drinking in the future I would rather anything else happen than drink again. .Just please pray for me. Good vibes or whatever you believe in. Even my lawyer asked for ppl to pray for me. This is the absolute darkest time in my life and anything will help. I'm sorry if this isn't coherent I'm just shaken and I feel like vomiting every time I think about what I've done. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you're going through these feelings right now.  First off CONGRATULATIONS on being alcohol free. Way to go. That itself is a huge testament to your character. .You're not alone- I'm also a female and was the  party girl  type.  I consider myself a kind caring person but when I'm drinking... I did things I couldn't even believe I became a monster who was mean and angry.  That's not me no thanks. .You're not alone! I won't drink with you tonight. Sending positive vibes your way. 
   .you're looking for excuses.  .You want someone else to blame for your behavior...&amp;#x200B;..be an adult. Take responsibility. Grow up.  ...Don't come here whining like a little child.
I am so glad your sober and doing better. As to punching someone it isn't good but it is a thing. Every fourth or fifth person has assaulted someone in an average NA meeting. I have never done so but I am autistic and on disability. My father had an uncle my sister lots of people I have known. I am not justifying it far from it. But they took their punishment as you are doing. And I acknowledge I do not come from good breeding poverty and drug addiction and criminality sadly. I am aware I have a skewed view but I personally tried to be law abiding and such and it is hard not to see how you punched one guy one time at a party and got in trouble that you didn't fight and then immediately decided to get sober and change your life that sounds pretty fucking cool. Just don't drink and if you do don't beat yourself up to much and immediately stop drinking again. And don't punch another guy and you'll be fine. I just hope things just go wonderfully that you only get better and that your day is just awesome.
