-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2dezh/open_bar_last_night/

Last night my class had our banquet to celebrate finishing our book work and heading off to our clinical year in January. There was a massive open bar and just about everyone seemed to be drinking. I was really tempted but I managed to stick with soda and water. I'm especially proud about it because one of the girls I know tried to pressure me into doing a shot with her and some other friends. I kept telling her no and that I don't drink which she didn't believe and said I was a pussy. Eventually with the help of one of my friends who knows about my struggle to stay sober she gave up and did a shot with the others. This is the longest I've ever been sober and I'm not gonna let an open bar or someone trying to pressure me cause me to relapse. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

That would be pretty hard for me to pass up. Good job keep plugging away!
That is not cool that someone pressured you to drink and called you a name.  You did something tougher that night than maybe anything that person ever did.  You were strong and I'm proud of you. IWNDWYT 
Dude you are a savage for passing on that drink and I commend you 100%. This is a story we all needed to here especially those newly quitting thank you for sharing! I've been needing to hear this myself because I've had some cravings coming on recently. 
Bravo on your strength! Sounds like you are a rock star and not a p@#&amp;y!
Great job on staying strong! Surprising that a woman in the medical field thought it was acceptable to push someone to drink poison. Hopefully she will eventually see during clinicals the real affect alcohol can have on people and how devestating it can be to your mind and body. ..I had my office Christmas party and was called boring by two people that tried to get me a drink. I just agreed and said yea I'm boring I know. Screw what they think I hope you still had fun being sober at the party and guess what you get to have funtoday without a hangover so who's the real loser in this situation?
IWNDWYT
