-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2f59o/the_big_test/

I had a big test last night.  I was going to a concert with a bunch of highschool friends I hadn't seen in a while... drinking would be a factor for sure.  Earlier in the week I was convinced that I could have a couple beers then go back to a quit the next day.   I've been down that path before and it always ends up the same I end up back to daily drinking further down the road...  I battled with myself for days on whether to drink or not.  It was a source of a lot of anxiety.   A couple of us made a plan to meet at a pub before hand to catch up and have some pre-drinks.  ..&amp;#x200B;..The night before the concert the couple I had planned to go for pre-drinks with had to cancel because they received the unfortunate news that one of their friends had passed away the night before.  They weren't going to be able to make it to the show.  The other 4 guys I who were going with had planned to go for drinks at another pub.  I told them I would meet them at the venue as where they were going was out of the way for me.   ..&amp;#x200B;..The day of the concert arrives.    I had decided I wouldn't drink because it will bring me no benefit.  There are so many more negatives to positives that would come from it.  Such as feeling like crap the next day 4 months of sobriety out the window a high percentage chance of falling into a drawn out relapse etc.  So I get to the venue.  I smoke a small joint outside the venue.  (Side note:  I don't have any issues with pot I can take it or leave it which I wish was the case with alcohol.  For example this 3.5grams I bought about a month and a half ago and still have about a gram left).   I meet up with the 4 other guys and the band comes on.  I am enjoying myself and one of the guys sticks a beer in front of me... I  shake my head no  he insists I take it.  I take the beer.    I just hold it at my side for a couple songs.  My friend clearly sees I am not going to drink it.   He eventually takes it back.  Another friend then says "are you a non-drinker now?"  I said I wasn't feeling all that well and that was good enough for him (This wasn't a lie I was feeling a little under the weather).  The one who bought me the beer later asked me if I was off the booze.  This guy is a bigger drinker than me.  He definitely has drinking problems him and I when combined it gets very messy every time.   . I just said I wasn't feeling all that well and I had smoked before I came in.   He said; "That's not like PrimusSkeeter."  I just shrugged... and that was the end of it...&amp;#x200B;..Eventually the show ended.  The weather outside was cold and rain nobody really wanted to go wander around looking for a place to go so we called it a night.    I got home a reasonable hour.  I still feel sick today but at least it isn't combined with a hangover...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Nicely done!
Great job and good decisions! .How was the concert? Was is much different sober? (Also is your name a reference to the band Primus? I love them!)
IWNDWYT
