-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2p83y/im_really_struggling/

Hi - I'm just so down and feel like someone is sitting on my chest. I can't concentrate in work. All weekend I was so goddamn sad . I wanted to just get drunk and forget it all . I didn't.i know that drinking will make it worse  - I'm grateful I know that at least. Still is hard though. This too shall pass. Just wanted to have a whinge - sorry 
----------immediate responses--------

I hear ya. Having trouble focusing on work now too. Feeling really antsy. Gotta start exercising more I think. What's your trick?
I am too. ..I drink to fill that void that unhappy place. But after the first few drinks the unhappy place bubbles to the surface. I've long ago realized that drinking is the most temporary of bandaids and when you pull it off the pain is even worse than before...You are not alone &amp; IWNDWYT..
It is tough isn't it?  ..&amp;#x200B;..I used to drink to forget sometimes but all it does is delay putting your life on pause.  It doesn't solve anything...&amp;#x200B;..We both need to be strong and face our issues head on.  
IWNDWYT
I'm there with you.   just got out of a meeting and I literally have no idea what was said.  I'm just staring at my computer screen with no idea where to begin...Weekends right now almost are worse than weekdays.  2.5 days to do nothing other than think about how sad I am is horrible.  I see it as the fallout of masking my problems for so long with booze.  It's fucking hard.  So hard.  ..So when I say I'm there with you I really am.  We are not alone.  It's not going to get better over night.  It may take a long time.  But if we stay committed to a strategy of confronting that sadness sober and head on it will get better.  Right?  I hope so.  I tried avoidance and getting fucked up for 15 years and that clearly didn't work...Stay strong for me and I'll do the same for you.
Thxs - turned to chocolate as a short term solution. :) Sometimes you just gotta dive in :)
