-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a2t8j2/has_anyone_ever_slipped_up_and_decided_not_to/

Day 5 here and it's usually the hardest day in my limited experience (days 1-4 the hard relapse &amp; withdrawals still feel fresh). Working from home today. I'm sort of itching for a 22oz IPA to break up the day and motivate to do stuff (yeah I'm actually pretty productive when I'm buzzed). Don't think I'll do it because of playing the tape forward proving to myself that I can stay totally sober and I already made my daily pledges etc. But I'm curious if anyone has ever done this effectively. If I did I'd absolutely need to tell myself it didn't count for the sake of my badge. Otherwise I can see myself just sliding back down that slippery slope and relapsing hard. Anyone with experience on this ranging from  eh not great but you can forgive yourself &amp; keep going  to  absolutely not you're lying to yourself ? Please be honest. Could I use my badge as the moment I intentionally reduced my consumption rather than went totally dry or does that just not work? Is it a personal thing or really a universal thing?
----------immediate responses--------

Your badge is your badge you get to set the rules. It's all about what it means for you! ..For me that would fuck up everything. I spent two years trying to moderate and I kept moving the goalposts on my rules. So having an exception for my badge would definitely set me on a slippery slope because once one situation/amount is ok I obsess about finding justifications for more.
I always found that by entering the internal debate of  should I' or  can I' I was already slipping on the slope. Nip it in the bud my friend.
If I had one beer I would reset. My badge is precious *to me.* I literally have dreams where I relapse and I get really upset because I realize I'll have to come back here to reset. I needed to draw the line in the sand with my addiction demon (Donald). It has to be black and white. I cannot drink...period. Same goes for my badge. If I started making compromises with Donald I'd find myself negotiating with him every day...and my sobriety would be lost.    .    .Fuck you Donald.
I am in full on self disgust mode right now. But will keep checking in here you people are wonderful. Hugs
If I were capable of reducing my consumption and/or having a 22 oz IPA every once in a while without having it eventually lead to consequences I probably wouldn't have ended up frequenting a website called r/stopdrinking. 
Your badge is your badge and it's up to you how you use it. The only prize you get from having a high badge number is what you've made of your sobriety. I have a sip of wine every Sunday at mass and I don't reset. But if I had a glass of wine with dinner I would. ..Because for me not holding myself accountable for using alcohol as a coping mechanism (or reward or whatever) will allow me to keep doing that in the future. And one drink will turn to two the next time and we all know where that ends up. 
I agree with others here your badge is your badge and you get to decide what it means for you and what qualifies as a reset. ..Personally I have done this "I can have one but I won't reset my badge IF I can keep it to one." Basically it was an excuse to say I can have just one since I'm craving so hard but I won't be letting myself/my badge down. I've done this about oh a dozen times and each time it's never just one drink. It always leads to a "fuck it we'll reset the badge and I'll drink all night." ..Sometimes most of the time for me small excuses turn into huge pitfalls. 
Not resetting my badge after drinking would be dishonest and therefore I would reset it. My alcoholism looks like dishonesty so anything I can do to be honest is what I should be doing. 
Personally I don't think there can be any gray area when it comes to me and alcohol. I tried for years to convince myself that I was capable of moderating. Capable of having a "normal" relationship with alcohol. And it might have worked for a bit here and there but ultimately there was always another binge episode on the horizon and another set of friends to piss off or relationships to ruin or jobs to screw up. I tried using substances as rewards/motivations but I'd just create loopholes for myself to enjoy the booze without having to do the work I planned or convince myself that I deserved to get shitfaced because I accomplished x y or z...Ultimately all of these things were the alcoholism desperately trying to keep a toe-hold on my mind. I can justify anything with just a little bit of grey area so the only solution for me is to eliminate the gray area all together. For me alcohol is black and white: I can't fuck with it safely so I don't fuck with it at all.
I always give myself a do-over on my badge and it always turns into 10 do-overs.   Not ideal not proud of it but you asked.
Thinking of you and hoping you said NO to that IPA. Hang in there... the first few days are the hardest. You have a lot of SD friends here to help you get thru this.
Nah... you're not a liar  MANY go thru this... You'll get there on your own time and you'll have lots of support here waiting for you!  As for today I will not drink with you!!
