-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3058l/living/

282 days today. My morning ritual. I journal and comment to myself on the previous day on my struggles on my successes. I google x# of days sober and share the stories of so many brave souls that are fighting this same battle. Then I meditate then I exercise. It just dawned on me while reading another post that these are not things that keep me from drinking. This is the stuff of life that I was missing while drinking. And that sobriety is forever for me. I have no more illusions about how bad I was or wasn't. I'm done. It's time! Humble and grateful. I will not drink with you today or ever again.
----------immediate responses--------

It's incredible how much motivation and desire we regain after we stop drinking. Stay on the path. IWNDWYT 
Love this post thank you for sharing! I will not drink with you today!
When I remove the mood and mind altering substances I enjoy an *Unimpaired Life* !!..Woo Hoo !!
This post really hit home for me. Thanks buddy. IWNDWYT.
That sounds like a great morning! I just finished journalling now I'm going to take the dog for a quick walk make coffee start the kids for school. Mornings are crazy I don't know how I did them hung over. Have a great day. I will not drink with you today!
That is awesome! Well done...I will not drink with you today either
IWNDWYT
Great perspective. Thanks for sharing!
"It just dawned on me while reading another post that these are not things that keep me from drinking. This is the stuff of life that I was missing while drinking." = TRUTH..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Well done you :) what I find the most difficult is how boring I feel about myself and my life. I can't accept it somehow. 
Amen! Feels great to live a full life! Crazy to think of how much we gave away by drinking. Congrats on 282 Days! 
great insight  thank you
Great morning ritual. Very similar to mine! I was doing the same ritual when hung over but now I have peace clarity and engagement. Thank you for sharing this. You've given me something to reflect on while I run with the dog. IWNDWYT.
Your post is just what I needed to hear. Thank you for your insight 
Phenomenal!    
Wonderful 
I'm at 282 today as well! This sober stuff has been such a blessing for me.  I'm glad to hear it's working out for you as well.  Here's to forever sobriety friend!  Keep up the great work!..I know my badge on here says 279 but it must be off because today is definitely 282 for me.  Sorry I'm a numbers guy and this stuff bugs me.  :) 
