-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a31ui1/day_91_my_world_has_changed_and_its_a_good_thing/

So I'm sitting here at work having brought some good ol Canadian donuts for everyone reflecting on 90 days 3 months of sobriety. Not a drop of booze. Wow. My coworkers say thanks and good for you but they dont understand. Maybe they haven't realized that my absence has been less these last 3 months. Perhaps they don't see the smile on my face most days instead of a hangover frown. They likely haven't seen how hard days have been for me or how easy others are. These are good people honest hard working but they dont have a goddamn clue how proud fulfilled satisfied happy I could go on I am. They don't realize how important this day is for me. What a milestone it is. I'm proud so proud of myself. Maybe more than I have ever been of anything I've ever done...And why not? Sobriety is an elusive mistress for many. Some people may never know the comfort and joy and just all around awesomeness that one feels when crossing this stone on lifes' path. But I truly hope that they do because I know they can. I did it. Literal proof that even the least of us all can accomplish the greatest of feats...I am 90 days sober. 90 days of brain rewiring from screwed up I need a drink or else mentality to one of more clarity more peace more happy. It has not been easy and the days ahead will be even tougher with a sick father and a brother too far away to help with the family. But I will not drink. I have found the  beginnings of the best of me. I have discovered my true self underneath a pile of empty bottles broken promises and all around jackassery. My best self can handle whatever life delivers to my door. Sober I can do anything...I you're struggling thinking about quitting not sure how or what to do the easiest and hardest thing is to take each day as it comes and not drink. That's all we can do. The rest just happens. If I can go 90 days anyone can. If you can go 1 day you can go 90 if you can go 90.....Thanks to all for the support encouragement but most of all for sharing your stories of success failure pain joy whatever it is. This is what keeps me going some days you my fellow sobernauts. Thank you thank you thank you. And to show my thanks I will not drink with you today!!..Love to all from the Great White North! Ohh a maple dip score!.
----------immediate responses--------

90 days! That's awesome congratulations! This inspires me. ..Tried the maple bacon from Wendy's yet? ;)
Tim Horton's amirite!?!  
Congratulation on 90 days!!! You rock!!!! IWNDWYT! 
Congrats!  IWNDWYT. 
Congrats!!
Congratulations!! Sober we can live life so much better. IWNDWYT
yayy! not that 90 days is my goal but 90 days is my birthday gift to myself this year. So happy to hear this from you!
That's awesome!..&amp;#x200B;..What's a Canadian donut? ..&amp;#x200B;
Oh wow. That is so inspirational. Thank you ever so much for sharing! So happy for you. 
Great job! I'm exactly 30 days behind you. This will be the first sober new year's eve I've had in 20 years. What are canadian donuts? Are they different from American donuts? Only maple flavor lol
Congratulations on 90 days! 
Great job!!!
