-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3a0rq/im_an_alcoholic/

Sorry long read ahead. Mostly depression and introvertedness:..I've been drinking by myself alone since 20 and I'm now 29 coming on 30 in a few months. I usually binge on the weekends and can put away 1/3'rd to 1/2'f a handle per night. It used to be something I would just do and not something I "needed" to do. It used to help me be better at video games. Lately whenever I try stopping the thing that stops me is the depression that I had as a teenager. A crippling feeling that no matter how everything is good now nothing is good and I should stop trying. ..I know I won't kill myself because I've been to the suicide arena and have determined I couldn't do that to my family even if I'm not close with them. Drinking was kind of like a slow suicide to me. I struggle to tell my best friend that I'm an alcoholic because even though I've told her the intimates about my sex life telling her I'm an alcoholic seems more embarrassing. ..I only see her ~4 times a year but talk everyday. I'm an introvert but can be very extroverted when working or studying....none of my colleagues suspect I'm introverted unless I tell them. It just seems so pathetic that the person I trust most is online and only lives 30 minutes away. I like that we have an online relationship...it suits me. But it's hard to explain that to other people. It's also hard to confide in someone when I feel like I don't deserve to unload something like this on her when I haven't been a normal friend. I've been wanting to tell someone I'm an alcoholic for a well so figured I'd go here. I know I need help but I don't know how to ask for it because I don't like burdening people. Any insight would be very kind.
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya. For me the biggest hurdle to overcome on my way to stopping drinking was asking other people for help. Going to a support group like AA was for me scarier than the idea of suicide. I eventually got to the point where I did it though because continuing to drink became painful enough for me to do it. It was pretty awful but that's just the way it went for me. Since then I have not had a drink. The first six months or so were a grind but I could see things were improving little by little and I was on the right track and then just recently life opened up like when you get to Anor Londo for the first time in Dark Souls. Eight months and one day sober today. Life is awesome.
You're in the right place. I too am a closeted introvert. I often use extroverted mannerisms to hide it. This often leaves me exhausted due to the energy involved; people in general exhaust me. I suffer from self-esteem/self-worth issues anxiety and some depression. I also like to be or think I like to be alone. I used to think that alcohol was helping me cope with these feelings. But somewhere during my years of abuse it actually started making these things worse and not better. But I couldn't see it that way. I mean it still felt like my friend my drink was still helping just that my feelings were getting worse. A lot started to improve after some time sober about 30 days or so. Good luck IWNDWYT 
[removed]
