-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3d1wn/ten_years_today_holy_cow/

I got woken up today at 5am by my two dogs walking on my face telling me they needed to go outside and i cried not because it's December in Minnesota lol but because i woke up sober and have the opportunity to take them outside. I'm so unbelievably grateful today i can't begin to express it in words. The gifts of recovery (friends family back husband house job etc) mean so much more to me than I've ever imagined. I struggled for years to get sober it took me 8 rehabs and god knows how many detoxes to finally string along a few days that turned into today. Please if you're struggling reach out. I know you can do this i believe in you. Don't give up .Love you all 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the post!  Inspiring...IWNDWYT
Incredible. This is proof that its worth not giving up to keep fighting. Awesome job friend.
Congrats! 
Wow 10 years!!! Incredible!!! Keep up the good work and IWNDWYT 
Awesome    
Congratulations so very impressive. You are my idol  I will not be drinking with you today!!
I'm so very happy for you congratulations on Ten Years of Freedom!!!     
Wow amazing.  Enjoy your day !
Thank you for this! I relapsed for the first time at the weekend (today is now day 3 sober) and this is so inspiring to me 
Wow!
This made me cry . Thank you for sharing you should be so proud of yourself. Congratulations on 10 years!!!that's really something   I will not drink with you today 
Just hit 7 days here in lovely Minnesota myself! Congratulations IWNDWYT  :)
Congratulations on 10 years! What an inspiritional post 
Congratulations - a serious accomplishment!
SKOL!
I'm struggling to stay dry right now and this is really inspiring. I will not drink with you today. 
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!!
10 years is really inspiring I am taking it one day at a time but I can't help but look forward to making it that far someday. IWNDWYT!
Congrats!! Yeah winter has already begun here so let's make the best of it!
I'm trying to quit but really really struggling! 
Congratulations! It really does seem to stick eventually if you just don't give up! ..Inspiring...thank you for sharing...IWNDWYT    
MASSIVELY INSPIRING! CONGRATS!
I'm in Minnesota too and I saw blue sky and sun this morning for the first time in three days. I bet the sky was parting and giving you a thumbs up. Keep up the good work bud! 
A hearty and heartfelt congratulations. You have done an amazing job of turning your life around and walking forward in life with your head held high. I know there were so many moments when a drink seemed like something that would help but you set your sights on the goal and powered through. All who love you and whom you love are so grateful and I know you are too. Keep being amazing and give those puppies some kisses and hugs! 
Luv you too :) good job! 
It's a bit easier to stay sober knowing that there are people like you. Congratulations!
Wow 10 years that's amazing! I can only hope to achieve such an accomplishment
Congratulations. I love when people show gratitude for sobriety like you do. It is so inspiring to me.
Wow! Ten years! Holy cow is right!!!
Inspiring! I love how you turned dogs walking on your face into something to be grateful for! That says so much about where your mind is! So very happy for you! Reading this post made my heart feel so full! IWNDWYT!
Congrats! I know I'll be there someday too keep it up that's amazing 
Awesome! Great work and I hope to catch up to you in about four and a half years!
Impressive! Congratulations!..Do you ever even think about it or ever get tempted? I would think after all that time it's not even on your radar?..&amp;#x200B;
Congratulations neighbor!
thank you very much.... i am in the situation that i cant stop....have holidays....
Congratulations 10 years is amazing! I'm only about 9 years and 325 days behind you but I'll get there!
Your love and gratitude brought tears to my eyes! The world needs more of that so badly. Thank you for sharing your joy with us; you've gifted me a great start to my day! Congratulations on 10 years! That's a huge achievement.     
Amazing!!! You're an inspiration to all of us. IWNDWYT xxx
Congratulations! 
Awesome. And leave it to dogs to really drive a thankful feeling home. 
Congratulations on a decade of freedom. 
Good on you fam. Keep it up!!
Shit this brings back memories.  I remember drinking late into the night and knowing I was going to wake up feeling like shit but still had to be awake bright and early to take the dogs out.  
Great work :)
WAY TO GO ! ! !
Well done! 
Congrats to you! I'm currently fighting cravings in MN! I've been struggling to "stay stopped" since I left treatment almost 2 years ago. ..Keep up the good work! Way to "carry the message!"
That's amazing ! Congrats ! 
Congratulations 
This post made my day! Congratulations you are an inspiration.
Keep coming back!
Congrats and continued success to you...from a fellow Minnesotan
I think it's fantastic that after all these years you still reach out to those of us in the thick of it.  Thanks for that.
Soooooo great!!!!   
That's such a beautiful image! You sound like you have a truly beautiful life and that you allowed yourself to fight for it instead of letting it go. I hope your holidays are warm and full of love and family which it sounds like won't be a problem as long as you stay cozy indoors    
10 years. Imagine that. Nice work!! 
Congrats....IWNDWYT
You are an inspiration not just for not drinking but for overcoming such tremendous adversity and your perseverance. IWNDWYT 
Best advice for someone on day 2?
IWNDWYT   
 Congratulations! and welcome to the Bigs...It was an officer of a closed AA meeting. He said "I have ten years. I have so much serenity in my life there is nothing in the world that could make me pick up"...As someone who had ridden the chaos roller coaster for decades that sounded like paradise. And I got it. I got it all and more.  And the *only* reason I got it was because I wanted it badly enough one day at a time...@ OP: Congratulations. [Just in case you missed it](https://medicine.iu.edu/news/2014/05/genes-predict-alcoholism-1/) here's the reason most of us are here. Short version: *If* you have this set of particular genes and *if* you grow up around daily drinking and *if* you try it for yourself...you could end up with a drinking problem...Which of course is something many families around the world could have told anyone who asked....It's not willpower because I never had "will power". But what I do have is a residual anger from early childhood and the ability to really "make a decision". It's another way of saying "when my mind's make up I get a given thing done". Or "If I'm determined nothing is going to stop me" or whatever tagline fits you best...It boils down to putting yourself in a mindset where booze basically registers as neutral - it has no power over me because I refuse to touch it mentally or physically. ..Here's what helped me get over the "Welp I blew it can't drink anymore" blues. I looked back at the sum total of my experiences getting *really* drunk on alcohol and equated it to having been given a big discount on a day at one of those gigantic amusement parks with water and coasters and a midway. And then I had to go and act like such a fucking fuckety-fuck that I got thrown out before early lunch. And I deserved it every time I drank had the potential for a major jackpot. Like vehicular homicide. So when I got "thrown out" of the "amusement park" I knew I had it coming...One of the only things more pitiful than a man who doesn't know he's a man is a man who refuses to *admit* he's a man. I first heard reference to this in AA. I was a regular attendee for two six-month stretches ten years apart. "It's time to put down the toys and pick up the tools" he said. Hit me the late-bloomer right between the eyes. Admitting  to myself that I couldn't be trusted to stop drinking before I became a public menace and a danger to myself made it easier to accept the realities that came along with that declaration...To all of the folks newly sober: Congratulations! "The journey of a thousand miles begins with single step". Most of what you fear(ed) about being sober is a chimera.  ..So smile it'll make everyone wonder what you've been up to...IWNDWYT..
Congrats!
Wow congratulations  
Wonderful congrats congrats congrats!! 
Awesome work!
I love that your day count is 365**2**   gotta account for those leap years! Congratulations. 
Damn double digits  way to go.
Congratulations  and thank you for the inspiration to keep on going. I think I needed that today.  
Looking forward to 11 years here in Jan. IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;..BTW are you with r/dinosaursinrecovery?
Thank you for sharing this encouraging and inspiring day. Fellow Minnesotan here. Got my Vitamin D and light therapy to make it through December.      
Holy cow indeed.  Fantastic :-)
Thanks friend &amp; congrats on your sober streak! Knowing that I am not alone and being willing to reach out were two big hurdles for me. Never give up. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
So happy for you.  I get my decade April 10th.  I know how you feel and I love it!.
Waking up without a hangover is such an awesome feeling.
