-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3j0ct/big_day_for_for_me/

I started my journey last Wednesday but hit a bump in the road on Friday.  I gave my wife my wallet to hold so that I couldn't  give in to temptation very  easily. I made it through the weekend which was my first sober weekend in years.  Last night we went food shopping and I forgot to give my wallet back to her. I work third shift and realized I had my wallet on my way to work. That thought consumed me all night long. Should I or shouldn't I stop and get beer on my way harm. The excuses started creeping in my head. Excuses like  it's her fault for not taking my wallet back . I got in my car to drive home and still I'm consumed and full of anxiety. What to do?  I got to the moment of truth .... turn right and get beer or go straight and go home. It took all my strength to make that decision but todayfor the first time when fighting that decision I went straight and went home. When I got home I gave my wife my wallet and the anxiety went away and a sense of relief came over me. I made it through another day. Today I am 5 days sober. . I read a lot of posts here last night while struggling so thanksonce again for helping me to a new milestone. Fighting off temptation.  
----------immediate responses--------

Good going! 
Woah you're my hero today man!!  Way to go!!!!  That's how it's done son!!   ! Hi5s!! 
IWNDWYT
Keep going..you are awesome! IWNDWYT
That's big Flash! I personally made that wrong turn over and over again before I hit my stride. You don't need to do that to your self and I hope you can remember how good this feels when the choice comes up again. 
The wallet thing though - I literally bought a k-safe which is a box with an electronic timer you can program from 1 minute to 48 hours not to open.  I've locked my wallet and keys in there many times - when I don't have someone else to hold onto them for me or to blame.  
"stop and get beer on my way harm. "..Brains are funny...&amp;#x200B;..The first week I did the same thing read a lot here shouted down internal calls to get alcohol.  It was Sucky Mc. Suckface.  Eventually the cravings said they were bored and """"left""""  I know they're right outside waiting for me.  I hope they wait a looooooong time...&amp;#x200B;..But for real you made a hard decision the right one and should be proud of yourself.  I am.    Have a great morning!
Little victories add up!! Good job!!..IWNDWYT    
Proud of you buddy!
Congrats to u.I did the same like this all my card debit cc cash give it to my husband its works for me he doesnt drink he work 12 to 14 hours so when cravings hit me im just like crap i wish my wallet was here . do what ever works
Good job.     
