-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3nrc4/gotta_be_honest_the_people_in_aa_with_10_15_20/

I've never made it more than 5.5 months (this is serious attempt 3 for me)...Now this time I am doing a few things different more meetings actually got a sponsor this time working the steps yada yada yada...But we had a speaker meeting the other night and a woman got up in front of us and talked how she had been sober for over 30 years. Great! ..But then she talked about how she would still go to 3-4 meetings a week...That's horrifying to me...I know this isn't a disease you can be cured from. I know it's a lifelong struggle...But I don't want to be tied to alcohol that strongly after that much time has passed! ..I'll admit walking out of that meeting I wasn't feeling stronger. I very much had the thoughts of 'well if alcohol is going to have that kind of grip on me decades from now what's the use of fighting today?'..I didn't drink because right now sobriety is very helpful to my goals but goddamn I don't want to substitute the drug of alcohol for the 'drug' of recovery. ..Anyone got a different perspective to share? Maybe a way to look at this that isn't so intimidating?
----------immediate responses--------

Don't look at 30 years down the road. Just today! That's all any of us has. One day at a time. 
Everyone's journey is different. Maybe she *needs* 3-4 meetings per week even after so much success. and sobriety is a priority for her so she does it; it could also be community and a service for her to participate so much for so long. Perhaps she does it as much for others as for herself...There are years-sober people who have never gone to a meeting. They have found what works for them...Your recovery tools may change as you change but it will always be recovery...IWNDWYT 
Everyone's experience is different just because she was still going to meetings doesn't mean you will or have to do the same. ..This speaker obviously made AA a priority in her life but going to meetings now doesn't obligate you to be speaking to the people that are first stepping while you're in retirement. ..My father when he stopped drinking did meetings and the like  but the system didn't work long term for him. He stayed sober but was not attending for most of my life. It wasn't until after he passed I learned that he had a strong network of friends that served a very similar purpose. ..They'd get coffee or smoke cigars by the lakes in my city and talk about life/if they were struggling. I always just thought he was sneaking away from yard/house work...My point being is recovery is different for everyone and you can change your approach at anytime so long as you're not drinking. 
My brother quit drinking around 20 years ago.  He no longer goes to AA regularly but does try to hit a meeting each year on or around his sobriety date.  He doesn't seem to struggle with any strong desires to drink any more but has the one meeting a year ritual.  It's probably different for everybody.  Perhaps the woman in your meeting just enjoys going to them.  I wouldn't let it terrify you.  If at some point you felt you didn't need to go any more then don't.  See how it goes.  I think they will all welcome you back if you decided after a time that you still needed/wanted some support.  I think it's important to create a support system that works best for you...where you feel most comfortable.  Take care.  IWNDWYT!!!
I'm over 2 years sober (full disclosure) am a mod in the SD IRC channel and still pop in the sub regularly. I also got very worried at the beginning when I saw people with huge sobriety time hanging around. I got nervous that this would be my whole life forever. Here's the thing I do sometimes need the support of the community but mostly I am here to share my story help people and give back. This community is how I got sober and I am so fucking grateful. I want to help others get there too. Perhaps it's the same for this woman maybe not. I don't think about drinking on a daily basis but I sure as heck am reminded what it's like to be on day one when I read the sub or participate in the channel and that helps me stay sober. IWNDWYT !
Sometimes meetings don't feel good but you're sober while you're there and they give your mind important considerations to ponder. The only 30+ year people you'll see at such meeting are these because they are the ones that stay. There are many other paths and stories and if you stick around you'll probably know them. ..AA meets me where I am. When I go and practice meeting other people wherever they may be I learn to be kindler and gentler to myself where I am.   
It's "terrifying" because there is a nested assumption in the your premise: "that alcohol has some hold on them"...&gt;But I don't want to be tied to alcohol that strongly after that much time has passed!..I haven't had any alcohol in a few 24 hours.  It has no hold on me.  I don't think about alcohol I don't want alcohol I really don't even "see" it anymore pretty much like when I was a kid and an adolescent.  *It's not part of my view of the world*...There are phases people go through.  In the beginning alcohol had a death grip on me.  I went to meetings and it took energy!  It took vigilance!  I was afraid of failing...Then as I did the work rather than taking energy it began to give energy. ..Then as I did more work the *work itself* became about growing in life growing in my heart practicing tools that make each moment ones that flow ridding myself of drama and chaos...Then it became about "Giving Back" that which was given to me...I check in here almost every day.  I go to meetings 'often'.  ..*Because I* **want** *to*..Because I receive great benefit from fellowship and I give to those who need support.  Because it Makes My Life Richer!..Alcohol has no hold on me.  ..Many people go to meetings and look forward eagerly to it!..Rather than being 'terrified' I hope that you can look forward to that miracle that occurs.
[removed]
Here's mine..My grandpa who is now... 87 i think? Born in 46 he did two tours in Vietnam. Now he don't talk about that much...And he doesn't talk about how he came home and turned to alcohol. ..And I was born shortly after he quit. But here's what I've pieced together from his daughter (my mom) and his son (my uncle). And of course my grandmother who is why I hid my drinking. And why I wish I could ask him but cant. ..2 tours Vietnam. Prolly started drinking in the military. Comes home functioning working full blown. Grandma says 30pk in 2 days. Mom and uncle says she didn't know about handle in the garage and truck. So sounds like a lot of us. He also did the seedy bar thing. I never much liked bars or clubs. I also was never in the military. I've heard he tried AA. I heard he tried one of the drugs that make you I'll. ..Anyway he woke up in the hospital detoxed however they did back then having no recollection of the boot knife stab wound in his shoulder from a seedy bar. And he hasn't had a drink since. ..Lol. Anyway maybe I'm just trying to talk about my grandpa. Nah I'm trying to say hey if AA works for her cool. I've never thought AA was for me but maybe I'd try. Im doing it at home. What I can say for certain is I don't wanna do it via stab wound. Or just dead from alcohol.  
I go to a morning meeting with mostly retired folks who have a hell of a lot of sober time in one of my other meetings we celebrated a woman who had 50 years!.I do find them inspiring especially in my morning meeting where I hear about how they over came homelessness jail etc.
I think alcohol takes over some kind of passionate creative engaged space inside us and that when we remove alcohol we must fill that space and find passionate engagement in something meaningful or else feel a void or a deprivation. And I think that for some the practice of recovery and community through AA becomes that passionate engagement vehicle. It's valid as any--there are many many avenues to community development healing and service to others.
I understand you. This is my second serious attempt longest I've not had alcohol since I started at 15. A lot of old-timers stay to help the newcomers. But a lot of them also feel the need to keep going for themselves. ..Just because they need to keep going after so many years does not mean you will. Most people actually phase out of AA and many still stay sober. I would recommend looking into the addiction statistics about AA.  I went for one month got what I needed and have never gone back. ..Like you I felt creeped out by people who have been sober for 10 years but still went to 5 meetings a week. My sponsor for instance did that but I saw that it was to help people. I still didn't want to dedicate my life to a group that constantly revisited their past mistakes with damaging phrases and scare tactics so I left to build a better future. ..Don't let AA scare you away from sobriety. It's a challenge but it gets easier with time if you can learn to rewire your neural pathways :) .
IWNDWYT
Alcoholism is a lifelong disease and recovery is a lifelong commitment.  Everyone's journey is different.  I'm two years sober and I do 3 meetings a week at most usually 2 and occasionally 1.  I don't need more than that typically to stay spiritually fit.  Some people do and if that's what they need to stay sober then that's what they need.  My first (fired) sponsor demanded I do 90 in 90 I said no and found someone who understood that I have a very busy life and couldn't manage that (especially as I was in IOP at the time).  There are members of my home group that only come around a couple times a month and say they are doing very well.  I hope they are.  Ultimately my accountability is up to me and what others do or don't do within the program is not important to me at all.  It also changes sometimes- I have a rough week I get in an extra meeting or two.  But ultimately what we learn if we work the program is that we have to keep working it and those that don't often relapse.  ..And eventually you'll figure out it isn't about the alcohol.  Recovery is about the person recovering and developing the ability to live life on life's terms.  I'm not "tied to alcohol" and it has no particular grip on me now.  I am tied to needing a space to discuss my recovery and listen to others.  I enjoy it and even if I didn't particularly want to go I still leave feeling like it was a worthwhile investment of my time.  Let's be honest- where else in the world can I say EXACTLY what is on my mind and not be judged for it?  Is that worth a few hours a week of my time?  Absolutely.
One thing that I've realized this time around is that a lot of the people who still go to meetings regularly do it partially to be of service to others. There is no meeting for newcomers to go to without people at meetings and with no one sharing what worked for them there's no way for the newcomers to know what works...I don't have any particular desire to be tied to my drinking days forever. I want to build a better life for myself in sobriety. But it helps me to make meaning out of my experience and to find value in it by sharing my experience with others. And I'm finding that it feels good to be of service to others and to be a committed connected part of a support group...I first got support in sobriety here on SD and I feel a particular debt to this community for helping me to get where I am now. Part of why I post and comment here regularly is to get support for my own sobriety which I continue to need and will always need. And partially I do it to pay forward the support that I've received. ..Plenty of people come and go on here and in AA which is fine. Support groups are there for what people need them to be and some people just want to get sober and move on with their lives. But I'm finding that continuing to be part of the communities that have helped me get sober is valuable to me beyond supporting my own sobriety...Also  meeting makers make it  as they say. I'm inclined to do a little bit more than I need to do to support my sobriety rather than trying to find out what's the bare minimum that I need to do. And just coasting and doing nothing is guaranteed to ultimately end up in a relapse for me I've already learned that.
If I don't drink *today* I've already won. Who cares about 10-15-20 years right now?
Alcohol is the single biggest advertiser out there.  Billions are spent every year to convince us that alcohol is good and fun and ok.  That bombardment has an impact.  They don't spend all that money for nothing.  You don't watch a football game and get told 50 times over to go try some heroin.  But you do get told to drink more often then you get told trucks are great...All that means I need to work to keep my own focus on a steady basis.  That said I don't go to AA.  But I do spend a lot of time here.
I am not going to rehash what others have already said but I will add something else. ..A lot of suffering is caused when we beat ourselves up over the past or cast fearful and false images of ourselves into the future. For example you are terrified since you are projecting into the future that may never materialize. This is doing nothing but inviting fear and anxiety into your life over a fabricated problem/scenario that you created in your head. ..All we have is today.  A  a daily reprieve contingent on the maintenance of our spiritual condition. Life can only be lived in the present. Stay sober today. Enjoy the day. Appreciate it. Do something productive. Do something nice for someone. ..No need to live in a future that has not yet materialize and may never. 
I found after a year or two AA becomes less about not drinking but growing as a person. Sure there are times that we all struggle even after a couple years and may need a meeting to help keep us in check but that's not our normal state of being. Most people that are in the rooms after that amount of time are there for other reasons than to not drink. It may be a big part of their social circle or it could be for the new people to help them or it could be to keep growing as a person. Personally I haven't been to a meeting in a number of years except to support other people that are in AA. I still practice many of the steps I learned during my first 3 years of attending AA regularly but going to meetings just hasn't been a thing for me for some time. ..My best advice is to not worry about it. Come that time you'll either like going to meetings for the sake of going to meetings and you'll attend however many you want or you just won't go. And if you happen to not want to go you can always go back if you feel you need to. There's no point in putting forth the amount of energy needed to worry about it when it's so far off. Try and stay grounded in the present for now. We as alcoholics have a tendency to be fearful bunch and we can get worked up over the most trivial fears. 
5.5 years here. The reason I go to meetings (and I only go to two a week one open and one closed) is fear. I worked the hotlines for AA for a while and I heard this story over and over and over:.."I was in AA for 5/10/15 years decided I had this all figured out. Stopped going to meetings because I didn't need them anymore. Then I decided I had been sober long enough that I could handle it. So I started drinking again *and now I can't stop*."..That is why I keep going back my friend. I don't think I need three or four meetings a week but I have a real bond with my group and a couple of hours a week to renew friendships and chat is fine. And if that keeps me from going off the deep end like those callers did that's fine with me. 
The way I see it people with that kind of sobriety who still go to that many meetings aren't necessarily doing it because they will immediately relapse if they don't but because they're grateful to the program for saving their lives and want to make sure that when someone who is just getting started and is desperate to get sober comes in the door someone will be there to help them. It's a change in mindset from selfishly looking out only for yourself to giving back and making a difference and not being concerned with what you're getting in return. 
I understand this completely. I went to a meeting every day my first  months. Best thing I ever did to turn around a lot of sick thinking and get a strong foundation in recovery. It was hugely beneficial. At the same time I'm seeing all these people with 20+ years sobriety at all the same meetings I am still going many times a week. And all I could think of was "get a life! That's not going to happen to me!" ..After that 6 month period I dropped back on meetings and went to maybe 2 a week for the next 7 years but there were many periods of several months in there where I went to none. From years 7-11 I can probably count on one hand the number of meetings I went to. ..But I always knew that meetings were just a part of the program and I have always spent great time and energy on steps spiritual development and "practicing the principles in all of my affairs." That work never stopped even when I wasn't going to meetings. During all this time I never forgot that I was an alcoholic who couldn't drink today. ..As I was approaching my 11th AA birthday I found myself sitting on the back porch of a bar trying to justify why it would be OK to take a hit of that joint that was being passed around and was on its way to me. That seriously woke me up. (Why I was in a bar in the first place is a longer story I'll pass on at the moment!) But I realized that if I was being that irrational (the joint would absolutely be the gateway to the drink for me) it was time to do something different. I went back to meetings and after going to 1 a day for a week I realized that all this weird and negative thinking had returned over time and in just a week it had turned around again. I went to a meeting a day for 60 days and made a commitment to stick around from then on. And I have. ..What I learned is that if I'm not hanging out with fellow alcoholics I'm not hearing what I need to hear. While I haven't seriously thought of taking a drink in over 27 years my mind is still full of twisted thinking that gets me tripped up if I don't stay connected to something outside of myself. Meetings today help me do that. I have one a week I try to never miss unless I'm traveling and occasionally go to more. It's also where so many of my friends are and is a way to stay connected to them. And I've done some kind of service work ever since 2002 even if it was just sponsoring one person. I do believe it's important to keep the doors open for the newcomer. My home group is a big operation with 21 meetings a week and I just signed up to be Controller again for 2019 (3rd time I'm doing that because it's a job no one wants and I like it). ..All that to say: don't be scared :) We all do what we do for different reasons and it's not because we're desperate to drink at 25+ years (not that that doesn't happen). I believe the recovery path is 3 fold (as outlined in "There is a Solution"):   Fellowship Service and a spiritual connection through the steps. Meetings are a way to get to  the first 2. .
Part of the trap in my opinion is assuming that we all are fighting the same battle. ..&amp;#x200B;..We are fighting the same enemy but each fight is tailored to us. ..&amp;#x200B;.. It's the same thing comparing us to 'responsible drinkers" It's not fair. We compare all the time instead of focusing on our own journey that is extremely unique.  We say things like "I don't wanna be him" or "I wanna be him" instead of focusing on the ourincredibly UNIQUE situation. This fight has one thing in common booze. That's it. We all chose the same fix escape crutch whatever you want to call it. But it's our reasons for drinking that separates us. ..&amp;#x200B;..  I guess t depends on how much damage you are trying to undo. For some it will be a daily lifelong struggle because they never got to the root cause of their drinking. I don't want to just stop drinking I want to stop the reason for wanting. To me this is the key. I am no longer focused on not drinking. I work on my relationships my self-esteem and my other issues from my past that I used booze to cover up. .. I would say we need to focus on ourselves. I can't even imagine wondering about the pain of others. I wish everyone well but honestly I have to be selfish here. Love my self accept myself and for the love of god resolve the issues that cause me to drink. To me that's where the work is the drinking will take care of itself. ..&amp;#x200B;..Today is day 15. You got this. TIWNDWY
It's different for everyone. I haven't been to a meeting since about a year after I got sober. What works for me is I avoid the triggers and I help people on here when I can. But I look at it like tools in a toolbox. I know it's there if I need it and if it works for someone I'm not going to disparage it. 
My dad stopped drinking in his early 40s about 30 years ago when I was 10 or 11. He went to a couple meetings in the first weeks but didn't really like the program and never went back. I don't think he struggles or thinks about it much anymore. ..Very occasionally he'll make a request like when we go out to eat together we avoid places with a strong bar/drinking vibe.
I go to three meetings a week.  One is a step meeting where I get to keep  on track  (and meetup with good friends). One is a hybrid alanon/ aa meeting because people are more of an ongoing challenge than alcohol and the third is in a state prison which is where I get perspective and gratitude.   In all of them are interesting people I am happy to listen to AND WHO WILL LISTEN TO ME.  I am still learning about myself and I get tools that I need to deal with the challenges life throws at me...It's not a struggle- hasn't been for many years especially the alcohol part - life does get  interesting  now and then though and the toolkit AA provides really helps.
We are all different my friend. I've gone once and it wasn't for me. I don't track my sober days since it's just a number to me. I might get moments of weakness and think about it but I just remind myself of every day after I use to have and that's enough for me
[removed]
35 years here one day at time. I used to go to meetings 7 days a week and now I haven't been in a very long time what with raising a family and what life throws at you. Just do what works for you. They key here is what WORKS. If you need 7 meetings a week then go. If you don't then don't. Keep it simple. AA is a program of life not just sobriety it helps you grow as a person not just as an alcoholic. Good luck  :)
I have 26 years in AA. Alcohol has no grip on me. I go to AA meetings infrequently but I go to pay back. To be there to show others long term sobriety is achievable. My little sister has 25 years. Alcohol has no grip on her. She goes to meetings 3-4 times a week and owns a sober living house for women in AA. She does it to pay back. My younger brother has 25 years. Alcohol has no grip on him. He stopped going to sometime around the start of his second year. Sometimes he goes to pick up his annual chip. Sometimes he doesn't. ..Everyone in AA is different. I know very few people that actually  have  to go to AA after a few years. Most go either because they enjoy the fellowship or because they are working the 12th step and want to pay back. If we didn't keep going to meetings who would have been there for you when you walked through the door?  AA doesn't have paid facilitators. At its core it is just a bunch of drunks trying to help other drunks not get drunk that day. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT ..
Tbh it sounds like you're making excuses. Everyone has a different program but meetings at least once in a while is part of all of them. Good luck!
I think there are people who need these meetings. My first AA experience was like this and it scared me too. I met a guy whose whole day consisted of going from one meeting to another. To me that didn't seem like sobriety. Sure he wasn't drinking. But he was still showing some tendencies. 
I see the people who have long term sobriety and still go to meeting in a few different ways. There are people who no matter how long they have been sober they need the support of AA to remind themselves why they do not drink. Some people enjoy the social and support aspect of AA and still go because it is a big part of their life. Several people I know continue going because they feel they owe a debt they can never repay and want to be there to support new people...The people you do not see in AA are the people who have dealt with their addiction used AA for a time then moved on. People who have long term sobriety and keep going to AA are more visible because they are the ones you who continue to attend you will not see the person with long term sobriety who does not attend meetings anymore because they do not attend meetings anymore...I take reassurance though that I do not have to plan that long in the future all I have to do is not drink for today and then it will be a pretty good day. I can worry about what I will do in 10-30 years when that times come.
Some people are strict when it comes to AA but frankly do what works for you. I tried to do the 90 meetings in 90 days thing but I was burning out from it and it was making AA seem like a chore...which is obviously not beneficial...Remember that she and not you needs or wants to still go to AA 3/4 times a week. I think the general consensus is to go as often as you can manage/stomach in the beginning but to choose a home group and try and make that meeting a priority once a week...but again do what works for you...It's like the religious aspect of it; this isn't for everyone myself included but you can adapt and tweak the 12 steps to fit you and not the other way around...I hope this was of some use.  IWNDWYT
I only go to one meeting a week but it's my home group and it's s group of people that really help me stay sober. I think it's personal preference. I have no trouble staying sober with my one meeting a week maybe she just has a harder time.
I mean it's sort of a silly source of inspiration but the end of that South Park episode where they talked about how if you're still defining yourself by not-drinking then it's similar to defining yourself as an alcoholic and either way liqour still defines you and has power over you. I found that very useful.
My Grandpa has been sober for almost that long (I believe 20 something years). He doesn't go to any meetings and he lives a real normal and awesome life. It's part of who he is. I strongly believe it's about each individual and the needs of each person.
I'll begin by saying as other's have that everyone's life situation is different and we all respond differently to methods. I personally didn't find AA very empowering and too dogmatic. There are alternatives out there maybe check out [SMART](https://www.smartrecovery.org/)...
I've never been to an AA meeting but I've expressed similar concerns to my therapist. His take was that fellowship and community can be really helpful but so long as you are not doing your recovery like you did your addiction there isn't a wholly right or wrong way. IWNDWYT
Hopefully you'll make some good friends there and it won't be a chore for you. 
Just want to echo the sentiments of others-- some go to help others. Obviously if she was a speaker she has an interest in that. The 12th step is about helping other alcoholics get what we've got. The beauty of AA is that we are recovering spiritually and working on improving ourselves. Not just learning how to not pick up a drink. We learn it's not mainly about the alcohol. There are people that can stop drinking and not pick up a drink for 50 years but still be miserable in their sobriety -- but the steps work if you work them and step 12 is important....Many of us found that we don't have a drinking problem we have a living life on life's terms problem. We are not tied to alcohol but we are "tied to" giving other people what we've got.. serenity. Happy joyous and free. ..Learn what you can from the old timers! Don't focus on the minutia. .
When I first got sober I was required to go to three meetings a week during treatment. After that it was recommended that I hit 4-5 meetings a week during my first year. "That's a lot of meetings!" I thought and really didn't want to do that. "What a hassle!" But now closing in on the tenth month since I last had a drink I find that I both want and need to go to those meetings. More often than not I find them helpful and uplifting and I get to see my sober friends who I really like. I also get to help newcomers when I can which in turn helps me stay sober...I know people who've been sober for 30-40 years and only show up at a meeting on their AA "birthday." And I also know people who've been sober 10 or more years and still hit a meeting 5-6 times a week. As others here said "do what works best for you." ..But really think of it this way: Imagine all the benefits of sobriety next to the damage to your life that drinking might have caused. Isn't hitting a few meetings a week worth it if that keeps you sober? Seems like a small price to pay for me although I'd gladly pay it because like many of my sober friends I enjoy them...Best of luck on your recovery journey and IWNDWYT!
My dad still goes after 30 years but I have a feeling it's more of a social thing for him. He's made a lot of friends in the process. It's not always easy finding friends that don't revolve most activities around alcohol especially in my area. It's almost like a sober friend finder for some people. As for a life long disease...I have a somewhat controversial outlook on that so I'll keep most of it to myself. In short I think it's BS and perpetuates an unhealthy psychological feedback loop. 
She may not have to go to to 3-4 meetings at that time but chooses to. I honestly don't need that many meetings but I go because that's where newcomers are. And to work the 12th step I need to take guys through the Big Book just like it was done for me. 
I have a couple of different thoughts on this...  .  .First there are many in AA who assume old timers who stop going to meetings and calling other people have fallen off the wagon. This is not true. Well it'd be more honest to say we don't know what happens to these old timers. For example my Aunt and Uncle got and stayed sober through AA for their first 5 years of sobriety. They stopped going to AA because they were tired of seeing people constantly relapse and other people with time complain about 'woe is me'. So they left AA and they are now approaching 33 years sober. I had no clue that they were sober until I too got sober and shared with my family my struggles. I also witnessed someone with 20+ years sobriety lose their wife and kids to a drunk driver. He stormed out of a meeting got loaded and pulled the trigger. For both these instances I can fully understand and empathize with both situations.  .  .I have my own experience as well. I find great happiness in watching other people come into the rooms filled with guilt remorse and the feeling of futility... Only to watch them transform themselves and search for happiness and purpose in life again. It's truly remarkable to bear witness. Like there are many people on SD that I witnessed go from their first 30 days to being people with multiple years of sobriety. For those old timers with significant time it must be truly magical to see basket cases get double digit years of sobriety. When I first got sober I didn't believe I could manage 30 days let alone a whole fucking day. Now I have 2157 days of continuous sobriety. Holy shit!  .  .Another thing that comes to mind: meetings are a valuable resource in staying sober through accountability. Meaning life continues to happen whether I want it to or not. Some weeks I don't go to a meeting because I am busy with school work wife children family and friends. Some weeks I go to 5-8 meetings a week because I am busy with school work wife children family and friends. I don't know what motivates me or causes me to go to a meeting other than life being life. However after every meeting I go to I find that I am a much friendlier person to be around and interact with. It's like meetings are part of my brain's work out routine and if I don't work out my mind feels like trash.  .  .The last thing I will touch on is my thinking. Sometimes I still have "sick" thoughts. Not thoughts that I want to drink or use but thoughts of "I am not good enough" "I am better than them" "Life is too good I don't deserve this" "Life is shit and I wish it would end" or "What's the point of even trying?!"... These thoughts aren't factual they are just how I am feeling at a certain point in time. I find that meetings relieve these thoughts by giving me the opportunity to honestly admit how I am feeling as well as connect with others who also went through similar feelings. Sometimes there are new ways to approach and or deal with situations that I hadn't thought of or been exposed to. Sometimes I need to be reminded of how to process feelings. Sometimes I just need the "safe" place to experience these feelings in a healthy manner. I know from my talks with old timers that I am not alone and they felt/feel these feelings too!  .  .TL//DR;; Alcohol does not have a grip over me. I go to meetings because they are a valuable tool/resource for my journey in sobriety.
I don't go to meetings. They helped me in the start but like you I did not wish to emulate the people who were sober for many many years. Making sobriety as a goal in and of itself felt and still feels like a terrible goal to reach for. Instead I found new ways to create meaning in my life.  Maps of Meaning  by Jordan Peterson on YouTube was a great start. ..I now have numerous deep rooted reasons for the goals I pursue. My life isn't about staying sober to stay sober. It is about having a  why  to stay sober and if I ended up drinking that wouldn't be the end for me. I can get back on the horse and realize I fell down and need to get back up. 
Two words: Give Back..Once you find success in your mission you feel an inner desire to help others. It's very rewarding. 
It's a wonderful thing that people with years of sobriety still go to meetings. If they didn't who would be there to help someone just starting?
My father who just recently passed was sober for almost 40 years before he died and was a very dedicated member of AA. He went to 2 meeting a week for the longest time then upped it to 5 per week after he retired. I'm certain that his desire to drink after all that sober time was nearly non existent but he went to help others. A bunch of fellow AA-ers came to the visitation and funeral and talking with them was so cathartic. One of them said that when my dad spoke everyone always stopped to listen because he had a special wisdom that they all wanted a piece of. ..So dont let the thought of multiple weekly meetings scare you. Stick with it go to the meetings you think you need to and see where the path leads. You may end up like the lady you mentioned or like my dad who really and truly want to make a difference. And that's a wonderful thing. I've seen so much good come from my dad's work in AA. It's a great program and will give you much needed support and there are lots of people who will look out for you.
I think you create your own set of rules when you quit.  If you quit by assuming it's going to be a daily struggle for the rest of your life because there's something inherently wrong with you then yeah in 20 years time it's going to be a struggle...If you quit because there's something inherently wrong with alcohol different story.
If you fall back into old habits you just gotta change your approach next time...You are either not talking yourself out of temptation dealing with stress wrong or listening to the alcoholic in you that talks you into a reason to drink...Get up and try again. Just trying usually doesn't work lifestyle changes are the key.
Worrying about tomorrow next year ten years from now is pointless it does nothing but take you away from the Present Moment right now right here.  This moment is all that exists and all you have to do is not drink right now...I've done that for a few moments in a row now but that gives rise to another illusion.  The Past is also an illusion it doesn't exist anymore it's just your memories that you're dragging behind you.  It's tempting for me to consider myself stronger because I have a history behind me but that's the wrong way to look at it.  I'm stronger today only if I do the right thing today right now...So it's not quite the 'drug' of recovery but it very much is a thought process a reminder a mindset that needs to exist every day...You fight today because you CAN fight today.  
So - I have a friend who has brain cancer...three tumors.   She will never be cured.  She is on a maintenance plan at the moment trying to you know...maintain her life.   She goes to lots of doctors appts and she does chemo once a month which makes her sick for about 7-10 days.    I have alcoholism.  I go to two to four meetings a week.    Mine is much easier.   And I get to go out and about and be active in between with life and work and things like that.   Pretty sure that there are alot of people out there that would happily trade places with me.   I have 20 years of sobriety and I go to that many because I do.   You can do this gig however you like.    Literally none of my business.   I do 2-4 a week in order to maintain my life.  At the beginning I did more.  Now.  Having said that that is the essence of my job in AA at this point...telling you how I did it.  As far as my AA program as I understand it  is concerned I just did the thing I am supposed to do.  Told you how I got and stay sober.  I don't know how other people who don't go to lots of meetings stay sober cause they don't come to meetings and tell me how they do that.   (and if we were in a meeting right now....I'd say something along the lines of...selfish pricks...and everyone at the table would burst into laughter). 
I feel that many people want and need a sense of community.  AA meetings can help provide this and allows people to meet and socialize which alone can be an important part of sobriety.  Despite the vast number of ways people can communicate today often people are left feeling more and more lonely and AA meetings are one way to replace the social interaction people get at bars.
I don't really come to SD anymore because I need "help" staying out of the bottle. I come here to help others who are still struggling... which in turn helps me keep my focus. Booze is sneaky. SD (and I imagine AA) reminds me of that. ..Good luck to you. I won't drink with you today. 
You don't need AA to get and stay sober. A therapist was way more effective for me. I personally found AA toxic. Rarely have I talked with addicts who "need" 3-4 meetings a week. Some people seriously surround their identity with it. You don't have to. Also you're thinking *way* too far into the future. This is a one day at a time thing. And today my friend I will not drink with you. Stay strong. :) 
I also get more out of meetings than just a recommitment to sobriety. Maybe this is bad but I find them incredibly therapeutic. A time to sit and think and be around people and listen and speak. It's not just alcohol. It's not like an arduous task that's taking time away from things I want to be doing. ..I have no idea what 10+ years out will look like but I also once I had no idea what a few months looked like and I'm enjoying it.
Maybe for them AA and sobriety became church and it was the best community that they were able to find. Doesn't mean you can't or won't find yourself a different path. It depends on what you do with your sobriety and where you take it. ..Me I stay clear of AA. I'm focusing on myself my work and finding fulfilling activities and authentic relationships. 
It seems like AA becomes a replacement for alcohol and becomes the new addiction. I've heard people freak out about needing a meeting. Needing to talk to a sponsor.... for me being around a group of people dependent on each other for support is slightly cultish 
I felt the same way when i first came to AA. i went to rehab in a retirement community around a lake. what ive noticed after hanging in for 4 and a half years is that these older people who come dont have alot going on. AA is something to do. they are set in the old school ways for AA. In fact i starting going to some NA meetings just to be around a younger crowd im 31. ..One day at a time has helped me. find what works best. i go to a meeting a week or a couple or even 1 a month. Whenever i start feeling like a need one. I try not to look 30 years down the road alcohol doesnt have control over me I have control over it today!! That keeps me sane and sober. 
There's also a book called  Stage 2  Recovery  that you might want to check out the synopsis on. You can't get to Stage 2 until you've gotten through stage one though. ..Stay strong listen to your sponsor connect with your Higher Power and always take it one day at a time. There are no shortcuts and the patient journey is worth the time and effort.
I know people like that. It's kind of cultish but if you look at it as kind of a church it's easier to swallow. Some jump in with both feet and get off on the sense of tribalism. 
My journey started in AA. I got sober there. After 3-4 years I drifted away by choice. The desire to drink was gone. But exposed were a bunch of other issues that demanded a strategy other than AA. What AA offered was not what I needed to continue in recovery. ..Like u/Prevenient_grace said in their brilliant post alcohol plays no role in my life and hasn't for a while. I don't go to meetings and haven't for years. I share here. I share on a personal level IRL when it's right. ..We evolve in sobriety. I didn't plan any of this. I honestly do my best to stay in the moment. But that did not come naturally to me. It evolved as I grew in my sobriety. ..I can't worry about being tied to alcohol in the future because it's meaningless to today's task at hand: don't drink. But that attitude emerged as a product of sobriety. For me the "let go" message worked. I didn't say "I will never drink again." More like "I give up." ..My words of wisdom are this: Be patient. Let sobriety do its work. Removing alcohol from our system changes things. Those clich s in AA like "more will be revealed" have truth to them for many of us.  You really are on a journey. The destination is TBD dependent on the awesome combination of chance and choice that is life. For me traveling sober has been the right choice because really it's all about the journey!..Good luck!
I'm on 6 years with 0 meetings...  I don't think about alcohol or drugs much at all anymore. .People that go to AA are a part of a group that group becomes their friend base and support system.  If you don't need that then don't go.  ..
As far as I'm concerned meetings are places to go to restore my faith in humanity.  Family is great but sometimes you see people at work or in positions of power acting proud to be shady and a meeting sets the world right. 
She may not have been going that often the whole time. I could see people taking years off but then in times of great transition or grief want to go back to maintain their strong foundation and resolve. I've been seeing a therapist since twelve and am currently twenty-seven but have had long gaps in between. But when I feel myself realizing past pains or going through current ones or just a little-too-shaky for my liking - I reach out. AA can be a great resource for when there's unrest in life (in addition to the communal aspect others have mentioned).
Even if you went to 4 meetings a week is  that better than 3 or 4 horrible nights of boozing it up?  
I recently had an experience with some pertinent similarities. There were 2 members speaking at a celebration meeting -- humble dedicated the happiest they'd ever been and....utterly boring. At first I felt guilt for not feeling happy for and inspired by their journey. Then a profound sense of disillusionment came over me. What if this is how I end up? What if this path is wrong? Am I trading an addiction to alcohol for an addiction to these meetings?..It took a few days but ultimately I was able to reconcile by remembering that the meetings bring people together. Yes it is a unique and powerful bond and a potent recovery tool for many people; but ultimately we are still people. Rich poor smart stupid exciting bland. In the context of recovery the only required tie-in to meeting frequency is honesty with oneself. We are no more likely to end up "needing" to go 3 times a week to maintain sobriety than to end up like that jaded jerk Steve in Accounting.
I have personally found AA on balance more harmful than useful.  So cultish and negative.  .Seriously nicotine addiction is supposed to be be harder to kick than alcohol. But do non-smokers attend support groups 30 years after they quit and define themselves as a nicotine addict?  They just move one and don't light up.  ..I always find the letters to the orange papers revealing and sane to help me understand the darker side of AA and the recovery movement..http://web.archive.org/web/20160313204456/http://www.orange-papers.org/orange-letters178.html..If you find AA helpful to you initially for support and accountability great but you certainly don't need to attend forever!
AA doesn't treat you. It removes your alcohol dependancy. Doing that is dangerous without a program to help you cope. ..There is a reason you drink AA uses self searching that may hit it. People need community AA satisfies that goal. ..
I definitely get that fear and I have hard time thinking that far into the future so I personally just avoid it and just don't drink today and do what I need to do in order to stay sober today.  ..Also I heard an old timer say one time that the reason they come to meetings isn't for them necessarily but it's so someone is in the room when the newcomer walks in and needs a roomful of people who understand.  Like they could definitely leave the program and probably not drink after so many years but they stay so they can be there for someone who is really struggling that first year.  .
This is the reason meetings don't work for me. Being around people talking about drinking is a huge trigger.  I also find it obnoxious when they tell details stories about how crazy they were as drinkers and always try me to storytop one another. ..Also the whole God thing.
So I've got about 9 1/2 months of continuous sobriety. I've just started to sponsor people because I was asked by a couple of people and I try not to say no because my HP obviously put them in my life. ..At this point I go to about 3-5 meetings a week yes because I "need to" but it's not the same way I needed at 30 60 or 90 days. I've "gotten in the middle" and have made a lot of close friendships in my meetings so now it feels like I'm going to see my friends a few times a week and it just happens to be at a meeting. ..ALSO And this is the big one - I go now to hear what I need to hear (sobriety isn't just about not drinking for me anymore it's now about emotional sobriety) but *also to give back*. To be there when a a newcomer with 1 day or 1 week sober is terrified because omg their life is being toppled by alcoholism. Working with newcomers is my way of giving back to the programs that saved my life as well as a way to remember the hold alcohol DID have on my life and could have again. ..But I feel you - 30 years terrifies me sometimes because holy hell that is a long time without a drink! ..Good on you for looking for a perspective shift. That's a big sign to me that you're looking to change the things you can - your attitude. ..I will not drink with you today! .
I haven't been to AA in years. It never worked for me. If I have to take that much time out to stay sober it kinda defeats the point of sobriety for me. ..But it's important to remember there are multiple paths up the same mountain. For some AA works and that's awesome. For others not so much and that's okay too. What's important is that you're taking your life back from that destructive poison...
They want to do it. Why should that horrify you? You dont like AA dont fucking go. Or go then quit when you feel like it. Noones forcing anything on any of em.
It's your own choice.  Remember - nobody can force you to go to meetings and everything in AA is a suggestion (although there can definitely be uncomfortable pressure from the "thumpers".)  Recommend that you do you one day at a time.  Just do today.  Don't worry about 30 years down the road.  When you get there you get there.  :)
It has been over 3 years but I do not think about alcohol anymore. I will have the occasional "Drunk Dream" or the test I must pass in not drinking. But overall it is not ever a part of my life. I just do not drink. Period. I never set foot in an AA meeting during my recovery. Everyone is unique. I choose to view drinking alcohol as something I did that I do longer do. Not as part of a disease or something I have for life...&amp;#x200B;..Good luck to you!
I'm going to be an asshole here.  It sounds like you don't want to stop drinking.  You are on your 3rd serious attempt and you haven't make it more than 5.5 months but you are looking at 30 years down the road.  ..&gt; I don't want to substitute the drug of alcohol for the 'drug' of recovery. ..You don't really know what the 'drug' of recovery is and you are worried about it...I go to meetings not because I necessarily need to but because I want to.  I went everyday for the first couple years in sobriety because I needed to.  I was going to die if I continued to drink the way I did...&amp;#x200B;..If you want to work the AA program to help you stay sober then do what we do in this sub don't drink today.  Look only to today.  Tomorrow will come and you can deal with it then but for today don't drink.   ..&amp;#x200B;
Straight up this is why I've never gone to one when I used to have an alcohol problem. Some people do need it and maybe they need it for a long time. The whole experience could be like a security blanket. I was putting alcohol on a pedestal took it down and found a reason to quit. Find your "why". Why are you quiting. Health family friends etc. I found my "why" and quit making alcohol such a big fucking deal in my life. Also I really didn't think about recovery or alcohol because recovery would make me think about booze. My dad did meetings for a year or two then he was fine to quit and go on his own. Everyone is different. Despite the frequency of drinking some people need a bigger security blanket and some need nothing. If you have trouble just quiting bump up your security blanket.
I'm going to go out on a limb and tell you something that worked for me that I thought never would stop the cravings.  Kratom (specifically the Maeng Da strain).  I read something about it one day and holy shit.  It's mostly used to help people during withdrawal symptoms from opiods.  It's all natural.  It works for me and many others.  Try some and experiment with dosage levels.  Took cravings away completely gave me more energy and even more motivation to exercise get chores done etc.  AA really never was and never has been for me.  I repect those that do it but I'm too stubborn.  I've taken Kratom for over a year now.  Let me know if you have questions.  
I dont think of it si much as a need to go at that level of sobriety. I believe she has build a life around the meetings. Think of it like it's where you meet up with the crew for hanging out and socializing. 
Some people continue to go to AA meetings in long term sobriety because (1) helping other people is rewarding (2) they have friends there (3) meetings provide reminders of how to act and how not to act (4) continued participation in AA is helpful and makes them feel good (5) they like the coffee (6) AA has helped them stop drinking and their life now is better than when they were drinking (7) meetings can be fun and funny.  Alcohol has no grip on me.  My disease is not doing pushups.  I continue to attend meetings because the program works and has improved my life in countless ways one of which is that it helps me not want to drink alcohol.
[removed]
I can relate. They used to seem scary to me too. ..I don't see someone who goes to a lot of meetings as someone who is tied to alcohol. I see them as tied to their recovery and wanting to keep it. If the the worst part of recovery is going to a lot of meetings then I would take the  drug' of recovery every single time versus what alcohol and drugs do to me. Wouldn't you ..The way I'm reading your post it seems you're saying that going to meetings a lot is bad because it means alcohol has a hold on you and if it still has a hold on you after so long you might as well just go back to drinking. ..I've gotta be honest - that makes zero sense to me and it sounds like you could be using it to justify going back. I hope that isn't the case but I can't figure out how else what you said makes any sense. ..The other thing is that everyone's recovery is their own. 30 years sober doesn't look like that for everyone. Also the meeting is going to want someone to speak who reinforces the program. That person probably isn't the best representative of people who have been sober for a long time. 
Yep me too! They don't terrify me they just piss me the fuck off with their arrogance and know it allism! That's why I don't go to AA. 
Thank you for sharing!  I feel the same way.
I don't want to rehash everything here but I do want to offer a different opinion than I've seen here based on my experience with loved ones attending these sorts of meetings. ..AA can definitely become a new addiction. It's not meant to be but the very nature of it (12 steps constant support opening up at each meeting etc) can become addictive. My loved one (MLO) saw this as the biggest fear attending these like you. They saw people who had been sober for years but had to quit their jobs so they could attend 10 meetings a week. MLO also saw the big difference between themselves and the others: MLO was also going to therapy and treating the traumatic events and mindsets that were at the root of their addiction issues. They've been making great progress and while the meetings are helpful it's due mainly to the fact that they made the choice to address the root of the problem. And a lot of people at the meetings scoffed at the idea of therapy which makes me so sad. So many of these issues are symptoms not the main issue. ..So basically while each person is different and has different needs to me it boils down to whether you treat the cause or the symptom. If you only treat the latter you won't ever be rid of it.
From my experience aa is used by a lot of older people as just another addiction. Instead of booze they need aa and validation...That's why I walked away (plus other reasons I'll keep to myself)..Just get addicted to something else besides AA that is somewhat healthy...
I quit for almost 10 years this feb. Never did AA...&amp;#x200B;..I went for a friend about 3 years ago and it terrifyed the living fuck out of me. The people who loved it have their own thing. ..&amp;#x200B;..Honestly I feel like its a club that's not for me. It's not terrifying anymore its' just like "Hey that works for them and they have fun and like it so hey."..&amp;#x200B;..It's a way for people to get together and have a common enemy: Their own fathers. ..&amp;#x200B;..Badunkchi!\*..&amp;#x200B;..Jk: But yeah it's a club and don't feel bad that it's not for you. There are plenty of other ways to say sober. For me it was just forgetting about it and telling myself "I'll have a drink at my daughter's wedding". ..&amp;#x200B;..I don't have a daughter :)
I've been in the program for over 22 years and still get to 3 or 4 meetings a week. Some times more. The frequency of going to meetings isn't just about dealing with my obsession with alcohol - it's also about fellowship and service...&amp;#x200B;..Though I often drank alone at home most of my drinking occurred in bars. So most of my socializing occurred in bars. Take away the drinking and all of a sudden I'm feeling isolated and disconnected. The meetings provided me with a place where I could not only work on my addiction but also spend time in the company of like-minded people. Many of those people have become friends. So the meetings now provide the socializing I lost by stopping going to bars. The difference is that my AA friends are true friends...&amp;#x200B;..I used alcohol to cope to self-medicate in an attempt to manage intense or strong emotions. It didn't matter if they were good emotions or negative ones. Any intense emotion was cause for drinking. Well - the emotional roller-coaster didn't end just because I stopped drinking. Life continues to happen at its own pace. People come and go from my life I've been through divorce in sobriety. I've had friends get sick and die friends just up and leave my life. Jobs that were thankless cause me great stress. 3 years ago my Dad's cancer came back and he ultimately left us. Life can suck some times - and when it does there's always a meeting that day. There are always friends willing to listen and who get me. They're alcoholics too they understand - I don't have to explain. Life is better with these people in my life...&amp;#x200B;..Now after so many years I feel that it's my job to be there for others to be there for newcomers and old-timers alike. Anyone who needs someone to listen to them. I even help setup at my home group and make coffee. I'm not bragging at all - it's really the least I can do. ..&amp;#x200B;..So I get your discomfort at the thought of being in the grip of an addiction 5 10 or more years down the road. You might be - but you won't be alone...  .Good luck &amp; keep coming back.  .
It's different for everybody. Alcohol occupies nearly 0% of my time and attention. I see myself as somebody who doesn't drink not somebody who can't drink. AA didn't work for me I never attended - and it isn't for everybody. You don't NEED to attend AA at all. ..There are a lot of things I don't do any more drinking is one of them. I don't need meetings or support groups to tell me that. Don't think of it as a lifelong struggle either - think of it as more of an awareness. You are aware alcohol and you don't mix and you should avoid it. For me - the tie alcohol had to me has lessened more and more each day/month/year. ..For me the biggest realization was as I said was that I was a person who doesn't drink. It doesn't matter the reason why. There are A LOT of people who don't drink - that takes the power away from alcohol - or at least it did for me. I don't do heroin either. I also don't skydive. I don't gamble. I COULD do any one of them - but I don't. ..It's a journey all of us have different paths. Find yours. 
There's a self selection bias here. People who need more meetings to stay sober after decades will keep showing up. People who went to them for a few years then stayed sober on their own don't come back. You don't hear from those people
AA is an interesting group. I'm happy it works for some people but I'm unhappy to lose friendships because the hard liners are encouraged to isolate themselves from outsiders to their core line of reasoning and ideology.  For some it is a method of last resort when all else has failed.  A life support if you will that if taken off your body will fail and die on its own.  You'll see a lot of people who've been on the edge for 30 years despite sobriety.  You'll also see a lot of people who got better and stopped going but make time for the large gathering to celebrate monthly and yearly chip handouts.  Just get as engaged as you need to be.
I had about the same experience I while back. Listened to the old timers and imaged myself still sitting in that room 30 years later. I felt down like "this is it this is the rest of my life in this fucking basement room". I dont know. I think Ive kinda calmed down on that thought trying not to think so far ahead. At the same time if you do the 12-steps the last step is to help others - what better way than to be where new comers come? AA. Ive started to feel more like I might actually have something useful to share that could help someone and that is helping me. I think it will be healthy to keep going to AA but I dont think I would still go 3-4 times a week if Im feeling stable in my sobrerity. Currently Im going once a week and that seems to work for me everyone feels that differently. 
Hey listen it's been like almost two years for me. Time has really kinda flown. The first year was rough and the passing of my mom reaaaally had me in a dark place but I still haven't had a drop of alcohol. This is coming from a guy who would drink a 12 pack plus liquor in a day...I also haven't been to any meetings in over a year. I don't have anything against them they just don't inspire me most of the time and I myself as a young adult can't really connect with these folks who have a median age of 50 (I live in a tourist town with a lot of older folks). That's not to say what they are saying is invalid it's just strange for me. Not strange communicating with older folks that I have no issue with it's just hard to explain...Anyway OP AA is not mandatory. A lot of the folks in there use scare tactics. If you hold yourself accountable and remind yourself of why you quit drinking any time the urge comes up you'll be fine with or without AA...AA is great to listen and have a place to vent about cravings and triggers IF NEED BE. A lot of people in AA are genuine and great. Others kind of use scare tactics to make you feel like you'll end up in the gutter the moment you stop attending AA...Do you enjoy AA? Do you get something out of it? Then keep attending. Most importantly BE SMART. Realize "just one drink" literally can send a lot of people most of us here spiraling. Avoid it like the plague...Being an alcoholic does not need to be your identity and you do not need to model your entire life around it. It's tough but for real you will find other activities to fill the void of alcohol other than AA. You'll find these organically but AA is a great jumping off point. Just don't feel like you have to adhere to any strict regimen other than NOT DRINKING...
Don't future trip. One day at a time my friend. 
You sound like me ... when I couldn't break alcohol's hold on me in that first 7-8 months of post-acute withdrawal syndrome (PAWS).  I also wasn't ready because I hadn't suffered enough yet...It took me losing virtually everything before I was ready to surrender to the fact that I couldn't continue living with alcohol in my life...Now I don't go to AA because alcohol has a hold on me.  I go because it reinforces my choice to avoid it and because I learn how to live life more fully.  There are rules for living in those 12 steps and the people in those meetings say things that help me continue living in a meaningful way.  I also learn not to beat myself up for having screwed up so badly when I was at the lowest points in my life...I go because I want to.  Your mileage my vary.  Peace to you.
I've been sober for 12 years and a go to meetings infrequently due to my decision to go back to nursing school and working full time at a trauma center. ..I view my work as one big meeting complete with many patients that don't make drinking look attractive and many patients I share my journey with...Someone said it already: every journey is different. Don't worry about the future... Just concentrate on your work today.
The only place I really check into is here after almost a year and I've never been to a meeting. I see it as a way of giving back and it helps remind me of how terrible I felt that drove me to quitting. Because it's so easy to forget and remember the good times.
Maybe she is just feeling alone and use meeting as an excuse to be amongst people. I don't really think shee needs help after decades of being sober. We are all different. Take what works for you and don't compare. If something doesn't work - change strategy and try something else. You'll find your perfect way but don't stop searching. Be strong.
I guess the better question is.... if you continue to drink will you be around in 30 years?
In the longterm the only thing that matters at all is that you find a working means of stable sobriety. You set the terms of what that means and you assess your success. ..I dont do AA and no longer do SMART and dont think that much about alcohol or recovery anymore. And Im a baby at just over two years...If I ever notice risky thoughts creeping back in you best believe I will be nipping that in the bud fast and by whatever means necessary. But for now im good with my own path. And we all have a right to that no matter what works for others.
I am 8 years clean and sober.  I wouldn't be if I wasn't ever vigilant and actively taking part in my recovery program which at this time includes at least one meeting a week for me and sponsorship...&amp;#x200B;..Boredom was my #1 roadblock in sobriety so I would fill all my extra time with meetings and recovery work.
Those people may not drink anymore but they're addicted to AA. I know the type. You don't have to be one of them.
"I know this isn't a disease you can be cured from. I know it's a lifelong struggle." No it's not a struggle once you're free from it. I am not sick and I am not struggling. I am grateful and excited to just not rely on booze and be free from it. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you haven't read "This Naked Mind" or "Alcohol Explained" - those are wonderful books that will offer a new perspective. ..I don't personally go to AA. I'm glad it exists but I much prefer the books that I mentioned. 
I don't want to discourage anyone from going to AA but it's a depressing place that doesn't work well with my mindset. SMART is better. But to each his own. Find what works FOR YOU because it may be different than what works for me. .
This may or may not be helpful but I have the same feelings. I'm coming up on two years...haven't been to a meeting in 18 months. ..For me personally I needed the meetings sometimes twice a day in the beginning. But there came a point where I didn't want to go to listen to everyone's dat to day struggles and their tie in with alcohol. I felt like I thought about alcohol more often while going to meetings. ..I'm at the point where I rarely think about alcohol. I've immersed myself in work and family activities. I still have days where I think about drinking maybe once every few months. I fight it think about the consequences and always describe to not drink. I never get to a scary point where I'm ready to go get alcohol if I'm every that deep I believe I'll go to a meeting. But for the time being the totally thankful for AA for getting me through the first 6 months and giving me a foundation. Now I have the tools and proper thinking to get me through the day to day. ..Just my path on sobriety hope it helps!
&gt; I know this isn't a disease you **can** be cured from. ..Freudian slip but just sayin'. ..I think living your life with the perspective of "can get over it" is fucking valid and awesome. The author Jason Vale shares that perspective. Maybe give him a read. I value this way of thinking and am trying to live my life in accordance with it although I do have a badge (which is argued as counterproductive - one should "never" count the days as this reinforces a sense of loss ((which is false as one has lost nothing))). Many parenthetical with the point to say: live your life. You are beholden no one's definition.
12 years sober here. My identity is not my alcoholism. I rarely go to meetings but I do support others In their recovery which helps me remain sober. Get yourself to a lifestyle that sustains long term sobriety whether it includes meetings or not. You can do it!
Please don't let people like that scare you out of sobriety. Personally I've never been to a meeting and I barely  think about alcohol anymore. I work hard to have a life where I do not miss alcohol. ..You can do this!! 
This is the main reason I don't go to AA. I just white-knuckle it at home. There's always some super successful people there and I can't stand them. I have gotten to the point where I don't think about alcohol nearly as often and that is good for me. If ever I do drink it's in extreme moderation and I can stop at just one. 
On and off through the struggles with addiction and my journey into recovery I've noticed a few things. My mindset would change my outlook on life and my attitude. I remember hearing someone say in their first year or two they were completely consumed in AA. There life was AA. And because of that they actually gained a life outside of AA and so there meeting attendance declined from everyday - sometimes multiple meetings in a day to maybe 3-4 meetings a week. ..What I noticed was a first I would literally have to push myself to meetings in the beginning but there was a change somewhere along the way and I started to feel a pull and wanted to attend meetings...Who's to say she even goes to the meetings for herself anymore? She might just be giving back what was so freely given to her. She might just be showing the newcomer that it works. ..3-4 hours a week isn't really that much time if you think about it. Whenever I have thoughts like you've expressed it's a big red flag. The idea of  what's the point' is dangerous territory. ..Planning and projecting. Two huge differences. What your doing is projecting. If you just take the day for what it is there's no need to worry about going to 3-4 meetings a week in 29 1/2 years from now. Congratulations on your time and keep pushing forward. 
I think for a lot of sobriety old timers it has just become their social life their community of like-minded folks! Don't worry about the future &amp; keep up the good work today!
When I started I thought the same thing all these people on SD who are 30 years sober and on here every day. It made me think I would feel the same for the rest of my life. .. I'll be honest after around 1 year I stopped thinking about alcohol and sobriety entirely. It's just a part of who I am. It no longer has a "grip" on me. But I still read posts here and I still talk to sober friends because it's nice to be around people who get it. The rest of the world pushes alcohol in my face and I can understand why someone would want to spend a few hours a week at AA with people who know what it's like. Also I think sponsoring someone else through sobriety would be hugely rewarding...These people aren't clinging to a rock. They've climbed up top and want someone to share the view with.
I'm over 15 months sober and sometimes my cravings hit me harder now than after my first month. In that regard it will always be with us I suppose. If I indulge in the thought to drink then I'm going to have a tough time. Luckily I have learned after many failed attempts before how to shut that voice that wants me to drink up. I don't think it is an everyday struggle like how it is in the beginning for many people.
35 years here. I still go to meetings. One or two a month. Sometimes more sometimes less. Generally I go because I know that it is a part of my life and I like them. Good people great stories...Just remember that our years are nothing nothing than a whole bunch of "today's" stacked together...Honestly I have no idea how I have been so fortunate to be one of the people able to stay sober many friends of mine have not. Including a wonderful lady that I fell in love with in treatment 35 years ago. ..I often think that she was responsible for my sobriety. Not because of anything program related but my thought was "if I stick around I may get to tap that one"...Incentive for sobriety is quite often hidden...She had over thirty years started taking some pain pills for an illness and after a few years out there and some serious nuero damage I mailed her a one year token a month or so ago...Long term sobriety is nothing to fear. It just kind of happens when you "keep coming back".
I really don't understand the oohs and ahhhs these 20+ 30+ sober people get especially when they are only 40-50 years old. Really? You drank for a few years in your 20's and thought you had a problem and quit good for you. I drank for 30+ years to the point of benders lasting weeks consuming up to a handle a day. There's no comparison we can't relate. IWNDWYT
I always try to remember "alcohol is but a symptom". AA in general is full of sober narcissists and codependents (flying monkeys of the narcissists). The codependents can be both Al-Anon and AA. But the narcissist can only be AA. A drunken sociopath goes to prison or AA. A drunken codependent just takes more shit until they wind up in AA. I have been in and around AA since 1986. After 6 months of continuous sobriety most people can make the decision they are not going to drink again. They are not thirsty they are not shaky. Their agitation and mood regulation is getting better every day. After a year they have the world by the balls. This sobriety shit is good stuff...and it is. Problem is after a while the pink cloud wears off. Now you have to go to these damn meeting and get a sober codependent or narcissist for a sponsor. The narc sponsor will be the alpha male/female barking orders about step work or your going to get drunk again. You need to man the phones make the coffee volunteer. They don't care if you have kids obligations etc. You drank everyday by God you can go to a meeting everyday. Now you sit there listen to and admire me and what I am telling you. He has 10 years and goes to a meeting every day for his supply of attention from newcomers who follow him so closely they actually take on his personality. They become this asshole! Again normal people don't wind up in AA. ..Try different meetings. I did. In the beginning I went to meeting every day. Now I go to one a week just because it reminds me I'm alcoholic and if I drink again (I've tried it) it is just a matter of time (and it varies greatly for some) until some major shit happens with the law my health my employment my relationships. I like the expression...I didn't get in trouble every time I drank but when I was in trouble...I was drinking! The 12 steps basically state...don't fuck with people. If you do...say your sorry and right the wrong. A fucking narcissist really needs those steps!   
A lot of people use AA as part of their social life for decades.  It's up to you if you want to do that.  I'm in the same boat as you.  I don't see myself continuing with AA very long.  I'm only hitting about 1 meeting a week right now
I felt like that when I went to meetings. I have only been to 3 and that was before this sober stretch. I'm 5months this time. I still have massive cravings maybe once a week. .I don't know where I'm going with this. I'm still struggling. But aa wasn't for me.
Yeah same here. I go when I need it as a reminder not to drink. Al anon helps me how to live as an alcoholic. Also - try a different group. Some have a different vibe. Good luck!
I don't go to meetings. I go and ride my bike if I have a craving it's been working. 
I think that that woman you are describing is the minority of people.  I don't think most people who recover need to stay in meetings that long (maybe they do I don't really know for sure). I think most people when the quit go into a new life phase where they kind of start redefining themselves a little bit.  ..I think for these lifetime AA folks they found unbelievable strength and willpower and love there so why wouldn't they want to keep going back?  ..Just my perspective though.  I only went to a few AA meetings and then kind of did the rest a different way 
One of the things you may not see now is the need to give back to the community of alkies through service. Also darn it alcoholism is a serious curse that never lets go and this requires maintenance;
I used to drink 6-7 hours every night. Now I go to a 1 hour meeting every day. I feel better and I act better. For me it is a much easier alternative to drinking.
There are different paths of sobriety. Some people have many years sober and go to meetings every day some have many years sober and never have been to a meeting some go occasionally some go once a year to get a chip. ..I'm almost two years sober. For me AA was fantastic for the first year but therapy and fixing the root causes to why I abused alcohol was what I needed. I no longer go to meetings because that's not my path of sobriety. I know people who got sober the same time as me who go to meetings daily. I did at least a meeting a day for the first year. ..Alcohol no longer entices me. I have no desire to drink and I keep myself spiritually fit though in ways that aren't AA. When I start to let that go I can feel the crazy building. Some people keep spiritually fit with AA for their entire life. It's what works for them. ..I don't advise to anyone to stop doing something that is working. If meetings is working for you keep doing it. If they stop working try something else. But remember your sobriety is important no matter what path you use to become sober and stay sober. 
I'm doing The Sinclair Method it's a medication-assisted alternative to 12-step "recovery." I wouldn't suggest it to someone who's currently sober but it might not be a bad idea for someone to have the medication on hand if there's a chance they might relapse...&amp;#x200B;..The medication when used properly and consistently blocks the endorphins that I normally get from drinking and over time I've found myself drinking less. 80% of people who follow this method find themselves drinking at non-problematic levels. Many quit altogether. It's not a direct path but it's a continuous downward slope month over month. It's not a treatment for everyone but I've found it helpful in my situation since I've found that any kind of meeting (12-step or otherwise) has been more harm than good in my attempts at sobriety...&amp;#x200B;..Again this is not advice because if you're currently not drinking I recommend you stay that way. But if it's not possible to stay sober within AA there are other methods available.
I would suggest not worrying about how you may choose to spend your free time 10 or 20 years from now. The women you described may go to a lot of meetings because giving back and helping others is what brings her peace if mind...If you stick with it and your obsession to drink is lifted You may find that your views and what brings you happiness may change as well. Or not. ..What I thought I wanted out of life and sobriety has changed quite a bit over time. That's one of the things that have made it so interesting. 
Some people feel they need to go to meetings every week. Some of us never go to meetings...You make the rules. Just make sure that any decisions you make are in your own best interest. My support group allowed me to step away from AA after about six months. Twice ten years apart...The first time I quit AA members would accuse those of us who smoked weed of something they called "cross-tolerancing". What a load of hooey...When my successful sobriety started I found I would go into some meetings in a good mood and a clear head and emerge with a head full of unhappy thoughts more anxious than when the evening started. Who needs *this?*..If you're living right you'll know when you're strong enough and connected to the right people.
I go to 2-4 meetings a week. I plan to do this long term. I go to meetings that I feel comfortable at (I go to some at a Pride Center) and I think of it as kind of free therapy. Giving myself an opportunity a few times a week to unload my stress and worries in a room of people like me is so powerful. I actually feel bad that most people don't have a support group to get through the shit of life. AA continuously offers me perspective as I work through life's problems. Just this week someone said something that I've been thinking over a lot; a little piece of wisdom..What scares me is hearing about the people who had 10 20 30 years and they relapsed. I don't ever want to go through those withdrawals again. My life has improved so much. My mental health has improved so much. I hope my you can find something in my perspective to lighten the pressure.
I could see hating alcohol that much.   It's been bad to me most of my adult life a shadow if what it could have been but it hasn't killed anyone I love yet.  I could imagine making it a life long enemy easy.  If you can escape before then good...&amp;#x200B;..That said the use of fighting today is so you don't turn back into what you were what you were trying to change.  This is also my 3rd rodeo.  The charm so to speak.  No exit planned no maybes not an inch given; alcohol is in a very literal sense my enemy.
A lot of old timers are so active because giving back to the community and helping others fills a spiritual need in their lives.
I have read quite a bit about AA since joined this group. I am french and live in SKorea so I didnt even try to find a meeting as the language barrier may make it difficult...So I am doing it without AA like a whole lot of people I assume. They are tons of way to get help and support just look at all of us on this subreddit...Granted I dont know much about AA. I am sure it helps a great lot of people. But I dont think it is a compulsory step to achieve sobriety..If you feel uneasy with what transpire there just let go and find what works for you. Also I would guess that some AA groups must be quite different from others more positive etc..
You've probably gotten the recommendation before  but the book This Naked Mind really helped me change my mindset around alcohol. ...It gives you the tools to simply *not even want it* and it's kind of marvelous. At least it certainly spoke to me (literally I got the audiobook). ...Check it out. 
Maybe she just enjoys going to meetings and likes to see her friends there. ..Just like drunks hang out at bars for years and years. ..I guess you just don't see the value of a comforting place to hang out with friends for the rest of your life. 
I do not claim to know what works for others. I do not want to be defined by my bad habit I am breaking. ..I hope to define myself as a guy with time for his kids his interests and his own priorities. Defining myself by my addiction through meetings does not work for me. ..But I would rather not discuss it at all with most people because I have family that lectures me and I do not want to be see as holier than thou to others because I kicked the habit they still have...I have no self control to moderate alcohol. And I don't have enough time in my life to gauge whether others can...I hope others do not harm others but again it's stupid to act as if I have some magic they lack. 
I disagree that its a disease. I just needed to get that out as it something I am so vehemently against
For myself I see friends I have known for decades. That means before they got married the wedding the kids who now are having their own kids...But it is true that the longer you are in AA the more it is about being there for others than needing to take.  And that is what keeps you sober a long time.  Bill W.'s wife was right when she realized helping someone else stay sober ensures your own sobriery...And it keeps you young with all these kids making you start texting when you swore you never would and exposure to other lifestyles you would never see firsthand.  And I always ask my sponsees before deciding on a new haircut to keep from old lady hair.  I can always rely on one of them to explain how to use Snapchat.
I know somebody like this.  She's like 25 years sober and goes at least weekly and her *career* is actually in the field of drug and alcohol recovery.  ..I'm with you - there's more to life than just recovery and/or not drinking.  It is a powerful illness but it isn't everything at least not for me. 
So you've tried to get sober 3 different times and can't put 6 months together.... and you're presented with someone that has strung 30 years of continuous sobriety while going to meetings 3-4 times per week and that's a problem for you if it's a possible solution????..If your drinking is causing you so much trouble that you keep trying to stop I think her method might be a fair trade off. Don't you think?  Or maybe your drinking isn't that big of a deal?..
the people who they say 'went back out' actually graduated the program in most cases. you quit when you stop literally that minute. to then dwell on it for long periods of time and hear sob stories wont help you. move on talk to a doctor if anything there are drugs that can help you stick to this decision. they are vampires at those meetings all they have is those meetings and now they also have you.
