-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3pd2m/i_hope_this_helps_some_one_its_been_2_years_since/

I am not sure what to really put here... It's has been 2 years since my last drink. It's been 2 years since I should have died. It's been 2 years since I knew who I am or had direction. I don't even know how I feel about still being alive. Every day is a struggle and every day feels like I accomplished something even though I'm just making it through the day. ..Like my family before me my wife and I were functioning alcoholics. I have no stories that should point to a drinking problem. I worked every day I was never late. I never was irresponsible about when we're or how much I drank. I just drank at home every day. I knew what I was doing wasn't good for me but at 33 and no social issues or signs I was getting out of hand I thought I would just quit later. That didn't work out for me. ..2 years ago today I had complete liver failure. Which led to H. E.  which led to complete organ failure. I was soon placed in a medically induced coma for a few weeks where I had terrible and crazy dreams. After a few very long couple of months and a shit ton of complications I got 2 organ transplants. I don't know how i am not dead the doctors told my wife that I was going to die they had no doubt. I don't know of any other people survived what I did but here I am. ..I could go on and explain everything I went through and all the issues I have but this is getting long. So if you are like I was please stop drinking don't become like me. No amount of time sober will ever help me and a relapse will kill me. I am going to die young. Please save yourself while you have time.
----------immediate responses--------

You are a fucking survivor! Congrats on turning your life around. For me it was the best thing that ever happened to me and my family. Life is good again.
OH MY GOD! I am so glad you're alive! ..I was a lot like you... took care of my responsibilities no legal trouble drank at home every day. "I'll quit when I need to" is what I always told myself. Welp "needing to quit" arrived in the form of alcoholic hepatitis and I was hospitalized for 8 days. It was terrifying (and mortifying) but ***nothing*** compared to what you've gone thru. You are a freaking warrior! ..The docs say if I drink I'll die (not immediately obviously but if I took it that far once I know I can do it again) so I've gotta stay dry. Sucks that that's what it took for me to learn my lesson... but I learned it. And I've found happiness on the other side. ..Hope your health keeps improving. Thank you for sharing your story. I won't drink with you today. 
Wow.  Just WOW.  Congrats on Two years and I'm grateful you're here to tell your story.  I will keep you in my prayers and wish you many many blessings of good health and peace.
This is so moving. Thank you for sharing  
Wow! It's great to have you back sober and healthier! IWNDWYT. 
33 and you needed transplants? Scary. I'm 34. I drank at home daily. This post was so real straight to the point. I appreciate it really. 
.I've been struggling with the stupid side of my brain the past twenty minutes and got close to losing...I'm going inside my apartment closing the door and staying in all night.  With no alcohol...Thanks your post helped.
Holy cow. So glad you survived all that and are still here. Thank you for sharing and all the best &amp; I will not drink with you today. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Congratulations on your two year sober journey and on your huge strength of character for continuing to put one foot in front of the other. Congratulations also on choosing such a terrific wife  
Congratulations on making it! Good Luck and thanks for sharing! Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
Wow i'm almost 33 how much were you drinking? 
I am saving this post for later. I know I am pretty deep in and my liver is trying to tell me. I have to quit fooling myself.
OMG...IWNDWYT
I am speechless. And I am honored to stay sober with you today friend. Make no mistake your brave post and your life have inspired so many. May you find peace and a love for life in your journey. Praying for you.
