-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3xmvi/rantingventing_i_turn_30_in_a_hour_it_will_be_524/

Sometimes I feel guilty for saying I'm sober or reaching out for help like this  I don't fully understand the term alcoholic and don't know if I ever was one or if I am one.  Quitting for me was easy I have a very addictive personality but also incredible will power.  I just decided I'm not gonna drink anymore and I haven't since no meetings no support group just cold turkey.  I miss it everyday and I want to drink everyday but like I said the only way I will break is if I decide I don't want to do the work of being sober anymore... but maybe that's what makes me have a problem is the fact that is work to not drink. ..&amp;#x200B;..My family and friends and new people I meet always ask me why I quit and I always say the same thing I decided to challenge myself to a month to see if  I could and I felt great after a month so I decided to go for two months after two months I decided I just wasn't gonna drink anymore because I felt good.  But that's only a half truth the full truth is I stopped drinking because I was depressed and I didn't want to do something stupid when I was drunk.  I have some friends who I know can't go more then a day or two without booze whether they admit it or not and I didn't want to become them. I noticed myself getting sloppier and drunker when I drank and started being a person I didn't respect when drunk...Am I better for not drinking 100% but the hard truth I'm currently facing is I'm not happier since I quit drinking and I miss it I miss having a more of a social life but I miss not having an excuse for doing dumb shit and then hating myself for it...&amp;#x200B;..I've made a lot of good choices in my life worked hard to really put myself in a situation where I can be happy and succeed but I'm not happy.  It's true I've fallen on some hard times that really get to me and I promised myself I 100% won't drink until I'm out of this hole and I will stand by that but fuck I don't even know what I'm writing or why I'm writing this I guess I'm just feeling sorry for myself which I hate and wanted to write somethings down...&amp;#x200B;..To everyone who is working hard to better themselves in any way shape or form I respect the hell out of you.  Even for me who I know has it easier then most it's hard to stay sober self improvement is fucking hard work and we should all be proud of ourselves for even trying.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I guess I just need to remind myself and anyone out there who is struggling to keep putting in the work and eventually things will get better and when they do hopefully we'll be able to appreciate it and realize how much better we are for surviving the tough times...&amp;#x200B;..Keep putting in the work..And for anyone who's having trouble loving themselves I love you and though sometimes I can be a real dick and not give a shit other peoples problems I will do my best to always try and help you.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! Remember that drinking won't make anything better. It can only mask bad times it can't do anything to solve them. Even if you drink today your problems will still be there...Remember that alcohol is an addicting substance and your brain will tend to forget about the bad times when you were drinking and only focus on the good things about it 
Congratulations on your almost two years of sobriety! Good for you for being so young and sober. Just imagine how great you are going to look and feel as you age. You are the lucky one Good Work 
Great post. I feel the same way. I can't do any more stupid shit drunk and I'm getting too old to bounce back like I use to. I don't miss drinking but I miss the ritual. The socializing and not being the odd man out all the time. Keep up your work! I'm Day 12 and you inspire me.  
\&gt;&gt; self improvement is fucking hard work &lt;&lt;..Amen to that brother.  I've come to appreciate those who struggle to fight the good fight far more than those who seemingly sail through life.
IWNDWYT
"I miss it everyday and I want to drink everyday"..This is the part the AA meetings and support help me with. Just physically stopping drinking wasn't going to do it for me.  I probably would have been crazier and done something really dumb if I just went "cold turkey".  Alcohol was my cure and taking it away was rough.  I hope you have someone you can reach out to and talk about these things.  Wish you the best and IWDWYT
As always thanks for the love and support everyone it's nice to know people are rooting for you. I am rooting for all of you as well we got this!
Sobriety isn't supposed to be a punishment where you are unhappy and want to drink all the time but can't.  It's impressive that you were able to stop without any help. but at what cost?  Maybe reaching out for help could be the answer you need to find happiness in sobriety.  It is possible to not want to drink anymore....but it takes some work to get there.
Happy birthday! We share it btw. Sorry you are feeling down I have been feeling "off" today as well. The two people I talk to most haven't even wished me a happy birthday and I've spoken to them both today. Oh well there are bigger worries! ..However IWNDWYT! It's nice to hear you had an easy time stopping though. Maybe a change of scenery will get you out of your rut? I always find that a nice hike helps me out. 
The compulsive consumption of alcohol was just the physical component of my problem. Underlying was a whole slew of mis-thinking I'd learned. AA RR ACA and therapy helped me unpack that. Now I have a life that is so serene the idea of returning to any compulsion is revolting. Keep it up. Stay in the day. 
