-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a3z2a4/struggling/

Hi All..I have been an  I need to stop drinking  drinker for a long time. Over the past five years in particular I have gone through long boughts of sobriety read recovery literature and even posted here at times feeling like I was making huge progress...This past week however was probably the worst I've had in   again   perhaps five years. It was like I stepped into a trap and fell into a hole. I have averaged probably 10 drinks per day since Saturday. ..I know this isn't okay. I know this is hurting my body. I can feel this destroying my brain. All week though when I have been sober I have felt consumed by fear and anxiety. Even though it's a self-perpetuating destructive cycle I returned to drinking because it temporarily makes me feel normal   not silly and happy but just like everything is okay...I committed to taking the day off reaching out to people and setting myself up for success this weekend. I'm scared and I'm feeling weirdly lonely. I also don't want to die prematurely. Any encouragement would be much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you except I drink alot more.    If I don't drink 100ozs of whiskey a week it's a good week.  Perpetual hangover.  Always sweaty.  My body odor even seems to have changed where it's sour.  FML.  I quit hard drugs though and even drunk I'm in a better place than that.  Still not good.  You're not alone.  It's 8:11 am here and I'm drunk but I don't have work for 4 hours and my gf works at the same time so she can drive me.  Winter and no snow tires being the excuse for not bringing my car to my small company where it'll only be 3 of us
Welcome back! I've been surprised to see that the need to drink almost has a life of it's own. I don't have room for that in my life. Good to see you hope you'll find your way :)
Here for you. This is poxy hard and at times miserable but there is so much kind wise and thoughtful support here for you. I hope that you have found your day 1 again....ir's so elusive. I will struggle through with not drinking with you today.
Welcome back.  You are not alone.  I think the trap that you're in is one that we all experience to various degrees at various times.  I know I do.  I'm also finding that this is a hard time of year with all the "holiday spirit" and stuff.  For me I hang on to one day at a time.  I know it sounds like a cliche but if you can string together a couple of days I know you will pull yourself out of this hole.  We're all pulling for you!  IWNDWYT.
Today is day 33 for me.  I can't even remember how many times I have tried in the past.  I tried cutting back I tried just drinking on the weekend.  I tried to just not drinkIng for a month.  The negotiations went on for what feels like forever.  ..I needed to admit that alcohol always wins this game we played.  I had to admit that I am a person who cannot drink.  It doesn't matter that others can.  It doesn't matter that others can control themselves.  I CANNOT! Dealing with that alone sucked.  ..However two things have helped me this time one  accepting that I cannot drink at all.  It is what it is.  Two because of how I feel the first week or two after I stopped drinking I had to push past all of the emotions...The anger the depression the sadness.  It is at these moments that I thought of my brain as a person trying to trick me into drinking.  Saying to me come on don't be sad drink.  Why are you depressed drink.  Boy you are so angry drink.  I had to tell myself that this will not last.  ..I would go clean something go to bed read a book on recovery go outside for fresh air to clear my head and I come to this sub probably 10 20 times a day.  It helps.  I done feel so alone.  I can vent or just listen. ..There is such an amazing group of people on this sub.  Always there with support and caring and advice.  You do not need to be alone or feel alone.  We are all here.  ..You are stronger then you think.   ..IWNDWYT ..
If you haven't already done so please read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. It can really change your perception of alcohol and abuse. I know it did for me That and eating everything in sight. I will not drink with you today!!
