-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a45h13/relapsed_after_75_days_nothing_left_out_there_for/

I made it some 75 days and was hitting meetings got a homie sober had a sponsor. Still felt this discontent. Was arguing all the time with wife. Felt almost like sobriety didn't want me.. If any of yall know the feeling...I said fuck it one day with my homie we just took off into the back roads of Northern New Mexico and got lit. It was what it was. Fast forward six hours later we're lit drag racing through town almost got in a fight and started making calls to find clear. The negative mindset took over...I don't remember going to bed just woke up with that worthless horrified feeling. Had been smoking in my house and the place was a wreck. Tried to down the beers I had left and body just wouldn't take it projectile vomited the foam out everywhere. Fun times...Back on day two and I know sobriety is what I want. Fuck alcohol. I'm almost glad I went back out in a way and so SO grateful I didn't take off on a bender. That would have been a life altering nightmare. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think ONE relapse is actually good for people sometimes. It can really drill home what it is really about.
Hi charley sounds like a plan.   When I quit I didn't know what to do.  So I started with a list of things not to do.  That list is no longer as lengthy as it was before.  IWNDWYT 
One of my favorite posters around here used to say "Fall 6 times get up 7".  (sorry I forgot your u-name)
Shit at least your back at least you stay fighting and trying. I respect that. Welcome back home my man    I will not drink with you today 
IWNDWYT
Not turning it into a bender was a very good idea it's difficult to silence that voice telling us to give in to the bottle. It seems that you've turned the whole thing into a valuable learning experience. Good luck hopefully after a small bump in the road you won't have to go through the horrors too much.
Be strong   ..Welcome back..IWNDWYT 
Welcome back charley. Congrats on not going the bender route and your honesty. Hope you use this experience to build a solid foundation. Stay strong!! Peace
IWNDWYT 
