-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a46ay7/100_days_into_soberity_a_new_life_a_new_way_of/

Hi chaps.Just want to give hope to anyone who is struggling tonight..I'm in the uk. Was drinking a bottle of vodka sometimes everyday 700ml..I was shy repressed sad/angry hated the world life myself..Things were always going to change - tomorrow!.But I could never see or feel myself living without drink. Ever. Fuck that! Never going to happen...Well it has - today I'm sober...The obsession and craving to drink took about 5-6 weeks to lift..I put my bad attitude and I know best bullshit to one side and opened up about how I think and who iam in aa meetings..Honesty is recovery in my experience. People understand all sorts in those rooms...I'm not religious. Never have been almost certainly never will be. Not asked for in aa. God is important because it gives me perspective on who iam my limited power and acceptance that I'm not in charge - definitely not in charge of alcohol. Beats me everytime...Anyhoo went to a meeting everyday for 90 days. Did a bit of reading. Got a sponsor to talk one on one...And now I have a much improved attitude on life. I'm back baby! Happy relaxed content. I don't want to drink anymore...The obsession the desire is gone. I get occasional flashes but then I remember the suffering. ..So in 6 weeks it happened for me. But I couldn't do it alone. I need other alcoholics daily to get bad stay sober...Good luck if you are sufferin* tonight. I assure you there is a simple solution. I didn't believe it 3 months ago. ..Hardcore atheist self help book reader self sufficient I know best I'm smarter than you attitude. ..I let it go. Where had it got me?..Give yourself a chance. Turns out aa isn't what I thought it was. I enjoy the meetings now and have heard amazing stories...IWNDWYT I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY.
----------immediate responses--------

I love this story!!  Congratulations on 100 days of freedom      
Nice mate! Feels great to be great to be free of it doesn't it? IWNDWYT!
Congrats on 100!!! IWNDWYT
Congratulations!
