-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a47osm/life_is_really_testing_my_strength_to_stay_sober/

To start I have been an alcoholic since the age of 20. I am now 26 and I have been sober since September 23rd. The first week was really tough but since then the urges have gotten easier to resist. But the last few weeks life I has been continuing to punch me in the gut and tonight I am struggle to tell myself not to give in for just one night to dull the pain...I have been in a relationship for the last six and a half years. For the last two my partner has been unemployed since he was let go at his job because he needed significant time off to help his mother get into an assisted living facility and handle her affairs. They gained a significant amount of money at the time due to the sale of land/property but they have proceeded to blow through it. They are now in a state of financial ruin and I have been(through pure luck) able to bail them out just enough so things don't go to complete hell. ..Over the last two years my partner has become significantly lazier angrier and a disappointment in general. His mother was a complete cunt and is now a cunt with half of a stroked out brain. I have done my best to be there for both of them and have been able to bury my hatred. ..Now fast forward to these last couple weeks I have learned that their financial situation is worse than I thought. My partner through various actions has made it clear he isn't going to get his own shit together anytime soon. His mother's health has deteriorated due to her own choice that are unrelated to her strokes. They have been constantly fighting with each other we have received new bills related to her that neither of us knew were coming(very large ones) and I have reached a point where I am struggle to stay above water both financially and mentally. ..When I begin my journey through sobriety things were at a lull in the craziness and I felt strong enough to handle it. Now with a home I hated coming back to mounting financial stress and the inability to reach out to anyone I am hitting a breaking point. I want to drink so badly just give me some relief from the hell im surrounded by but I know what will happen if I do. ..I'm sorry to just rant about my problems but I just need to get things off my chest. I felt here would be a good place to release this since others will be able to understand. If you got through this thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Stop drinking for you not for anyone else. And by doing so love will come from all around.
Ugh that sounds so hard. Stay strong! We're here with you. Remember to take care of your needs too.   
I don't want to sound harsh but if you're relationship and home life are making you that unhappy and becoming that much of a trigger for your drinking then maybe you should think about taking a break?..Getting sober should mean your health and wellbeing are your first priority it's the first step to a better life and finding your happiness but it sounds like you've just swapped out your own problems for someone else's and you're just as stressed out as you were before the person you love should never make you feel like that...Congratulations on your sobriety and I'm really sorry for what you're going through I hope things get better for you soon...IWNDWYT
That's a tough spot you're in. I don't have any advice to offer. But I just want you to know that this internet stranger is proud of you for striving towards a better you and I stand with you in support as you face down the challenges before you. You're stronger than you think.
So sorry to hear about your stress.  Impressed at your strength in the midst of it.
Sorry to say that but you really need to get the hell out of that relationship. There's shouldn't be a single man on earth worth more than your health/life. I don't think you'll ever be happy with them in your life.
IWNDWYT
