-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4atbm/90_days_today/

I'm sober for 90 days. I go to group therapy once a week and to AA once a week. Also have individual therapy. All helps a lot. I'm working on understanding my triggers and learning to avoid get triggered. It's easier than when I started although I'm still aware and still very careful. I'm actually terrified that I will relapse...Any advice on how to keep it? 
----------immediate responses--------

Well you are doing great things already.  Do things that continue to help yourself.  It always helps to have motivating interests. Exercise is huge for me.  Doing things with your hands arts and crafts is also great for our minds.  But maybe most importantly try to stay positive even when shit sucks realize that you now get to examine these things through a clear perspective which helps you grow and learn as a person.  Concentrating on getting better each day is one of the greatest things you can do.
Hey good job!..The challenge will consist on staying motivated especially through the difficult days. Everybody has ups and downs. Stay clean when you are down you'll learn to cope with it..My biggest advice: make it part of your identity "I don't drink nothing wrong with me" and enjoy life the way it is...You are on the good track keep it going.
Replacing the destructive behaviors with good ones.  For me I love the gym and I have a very good diet.  Those alone take a lot of attention so it helps me and it's fun for me.
Congrats on 90 days!! Thats so huge!! The hardest days for me were inside the first couple months. After 6 months the desire to drink was virtually non existent.  .On hard days when the cravings strike I put off the decision to drink for a day. I tell myself that if I wake up and I still want to drink than fuck it go get drunk. I have never woken up from a sober nights sleep and desired a drink. Fingers crossed! It's worked for this long! ..Also I try to remember that alcohol tastes like shit I think back to my first sip of beer as a child or my first shot of cheap whiskey. Both of them tasted like absolute garbage. Why would I go back to doing something that tastes bad and makes me feel awful too? ..Good luck out there!! IWNDWYT!
IWNDWYT
90 days was a huge milestone for me.  To keep the good that came into my life I keep going to the support that took me out of the darkness even when I feel good.  IWNDWYT 
Well done!  Keep it up! 
Hi! Seems like I am doing the same kind of things as you are doing. Congrats on 90 days! Let's keep it up! IWNDWYT
I'm on 90 too! (I think today is 91?!). Well done this shit is not easy but it sounds like you are doing what you need to do. IWNDWYT.
I worked the 12 steps of Alcoholics Anonymous.  I continue to grow daily.  We all have today.
