-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4djfv/relapse/

Posting this to reflect on later. I think I might start posting everyday- I see some people do it and it seems to work for them. ..Anyways I had 5 days under my belt and decided to get a couple beers after work before an industry mixer. Proceeded to get shit faced make out with a random dude at the bar in front of all of my colleagues and potentially messed up getting a job. Greeeaaaaatttt. ..Then I drove. Luckily I got home alright but I'm pretty ashamed about that. ..Woke up the next morning with a head full of shame/embarrassment an wouldn't you know drunk me left a full beer on the nightstand. Decided to call out to work and drink that beer a couple of my roommates's beers and a whole bottle of wine. Fuck it right? ..Sometimes I feel like drinking is my form of self harm. ..Cut to today feeling pretty hungover and out of it but I've resolved not to give up. Gave the bade a reset and hanging out here all weekend where I won't be drinking with you all! 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck kiddo. IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
It's so helpful to read everyone's posts. I can relate to most. I also like reading the first and relapse posts. It's a strong reminder of how important it is for me to not drink. Thanks for sharing! You're back in business and it only goes up from here! 
I post every day. I find that it helps keep me connected to my sobriety and the accountability helps. Also I've found in the past that when I'm feeling squirrelly or feeling bad I'm not likely to come here and post unless it's something that I'm doing regularly...I'm glad that you made it back. I know that feeling of  Fuck it might as well keep going!  quite well. It's a scary ride to be on. IWNDWYT 
I can relate to this. I relapsed yesterday and today is day 1 again. It is just not worth it. The embarrasment the toll on my body my mind...we deserve better. I never want to be hung over again. IWNDWYT
