-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4fw1y/33/

Today is my 33rd birthday. 901 days 2.5 years since I've had any alcohol. The struggle is different but it's not gone. I've been in a funk on and off for months. I can't seem to stay out of it. Just when I think I'm past I'm right back in negative thoughts trying to bring me down. My sole point of pride is I have not drank despite numerous situations that made me want a drink including a week in Las Vegas for work (first time I've been since I quit so TONS of triggers for me)...I reread my one year post today so full of deserved pride for my positive changes and bright optimism for continued success in my future. I made so many positive changes in my life during that first year without booze. I even managed to stick with them for part of the second year. But now that woman is hiding in shame at how far she's fallen. ..I can make plenty of excuses and justifications. My heavy involvement in a work project the past 6-9 months ate away at my healthy habits of good diet and daily exercise reading and writing. I started smoking weed again at first as an occasional treat on my super depressed days but it's become a daily habit like it always does. While it doesn't interfere with my life like booze did I know I  should  be living life uninhibited. (I need to work on whether it's helping my depression or masking it but that's it's own struggle.)..I keep holding my abstinence from alcohol as my one non-negotiable trying to use it as my life raft against the shame spiral of all the other things I  should  be doing that I'm not. No more morning yoga or weekend kickboxing. No lunch walks when I'm too busy working for a lunch break. It's hard to see how far I've come in tackling my debt when other circumstances like massive overtime and my first ever child support payment feel like the achievement is due to luck more than any hard work on my part. I'm afraid I'm just skating by and all it will take is one unlucky turn before I'm back at the bottle...This is not a cry for help. I have a therapist I love if I feel like I need him. But I already know what I need. Now that work is back to normal it's time to get back to the things that help me maintain my sobriety: exercise healthy diet yoga/meditation reading writing. I need to find a way to get these back into my routine in a way that feels natural/organic instead of forced/one more chore in a neverending list. I'm working on it...I guess this is a post to show sobriety is not all sunshine and rainbows. Sometimes it sucks. I may be past those intense cravings of the early days but I still need to plan ways to support my sobriety especially in tough situations that set off my desire to drink. What really matters is remembering the promise of alcohol is a lie ending in a blackout if I'm lucky and a breakup if I'm not...I'm 2.5 years past my last drink and I'm still nervous going to a casino tonight for my SO's work holiday party (open bar). I prepared with a CBD vape pen and a mini cigar. It's my fucking birthday. I want to feel like I can spoil myself. If I'm not drinking I'm indulging in what have been safer alternatives for me. Even if I don't end up using either I've given myself a safety net. I've got no excuse to drink tonight when I'm already in a shaky mental state...Yes one day I would like to live totally free of substances. I'm not there yet. Fighting my many addictions (booze nicotine weed) will take more than a few short years. I need to learn to be ok with where I am so I can move forward with understanding instead of shame. I'm getting there...For now I'm grateful for what this path has taught me so far. I'm happy for recognizing alcohol's negative influence in my life and choosing to live without it. I know I'm not done working on myself and I'll get there faster with kind understanding than shameful recrimination. That lesson is my greatest one from the past couple years though I'm still working on shifting my mindset...I'm going to be thankful for the thoughtful birthday cards from my daughters and getting to see Wreck It Ralph 2 with them instead of getting down about all the things I don't have perfected. I have a roof over my head a job to provide for my family and plenty of love in my life...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

That was a beautiful read. Life can be a struggle sometimes and I can definitely relate to a gruelling work schedule. Sometimes I have to remember to sit back look at how far I've come and enjoy the moment at hand.
Such an elegantly put thought. .Honestly it made me tear up in happiness for you and your accomplishments and also a little sadness for the thought of that sobriety has downs too.. for my journey has just begun. This doesnt discourage me though. The truth that is held with your words..So beautifully put your words..I want to seriously thank you so much for sharing with us. This is what i needed to read tonight. For it has helped me immensely .And among and above all else HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Celebrate tonight the proper ways rip that pen all night !!.I promise IWNDWYT..
IWNDWYT
