-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4fy5o/sudden_surge_of_deep_sadness_and_regret/

I'm feeling so heartbroken and down on myself. I feel like I've let myself down and others. I feel immense guilt for what I have put loved ones through in the past. I feel lonely and empty. I feel unwanted? I didn't relapse I'm currently in my room in the dark alone while the rest of the world parties. Kind of at a loss for words. Honeymoon period of sobriety is disintegrating 
----------immediate responses--------

It's okay to hate this sometimes. But the life with alcohol sucked way way more. Keep at it you know you're worth it. 
[removed]
Feeling of guilt makes people drink more. Forget about your wrongdoings. It is not always people who drink make others unhappy. Some people take advantage of people with addictions.  Being sober makes life and people more transparent. 
I get the same thing sometimes. It WILL pass. Just remember even this is better than this PLUS a hangover. I try not to dwell on my drunken past and instead think about my sober future. How at least I won't be making anymore of these guilty memories. IWNDWYT.
I sometimes feel the same way.  I try to distract myself with something-try to get outside change my clothes take a shower.  The feelings fade after a while...Wish you strength!
I know exactly how you feel. Lately I've been feeling like I had a bad breakup with alcohol and now I'm grieving. The bad feelings come in waves. Every day they get ever so slightly better. I still can get pretty sad. Today I had a weird out of body experience where I felt like I couldn't talk. I imagine some of it is my brain rewiring neurons making new pathways brain chemistry trying to balance all that fun stuff. Also just part of being human and an alcoholic. I excuse myself when I'm feeling a wave of bad feelings coming and go stand in a bathroom or something for 5 minutes and breathe through it. It's a good way to build in coping mechanisms. Hang in there! Everybodyyyyy keeps telling me it gets better so I'm allowing myself to believe it this time.
Let's all take a few very deep breaths now shall we?  The person who has never made a mistake or never done something they regret please stand up...what no one?  Okay time to put on some favorite music get some tea or hot chocolate on and send out a couple of messages: Thinking about you and hoping you are having a great weekend.  That's all.  If this mood persists for too long more than a few days then consult a doctor about antidepression medication and maybe therapy.  
Yeah it can be tough. I heard somebody say at a meeting today that a tell-tale sign of alcoholism is a "regret of the past and fear of the future." ..Break the cycle! Summon the courage to live in the now and be easy on yourself. It takes a fair amount of time to recalibrate physically socially emotionally and spiritually.
I know where you are. I've been there a couple of times over the last few months. It gets better. Then it gets worse again. Then better! ..I think part of being sober for real instead of just not drinking for now is learning how to be okay with myself deal with shit in the world and live in the moment. You have to let go of things you can't change.  
Go 2 meeting
