-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4jtfb/sober_self_motivation_how_do_you_do_chores/

Hiya. I struggle to do chores when I am sober. How do you motivate yourself to do housework and not drink at the same time? Thanks for reading. Iwndwyt  
----------immediate responses--------

Watch hoarders
I listen to podcasts and drink tea. Full disclosure my house is not that clean.
wireless headphones podcasts comedy etc. I had a burst of energy from week 3 of sobriety before that I was so tired and didn't lift a finger. As already mentioned focus on your sobriety do the bare minimum of chores if you're tired.
Really loud music and a Diet root beer!!  
Caffeine podcasts/music and checklists. 3 days in though I wasn't cleaning my house much. The first month I had no energy so I just did the basics: enough laundry to get by dishes cat litter. It's better now. I'd still scramble a bit if I had an unexpected guest but it's closer to "lived in and waiting for a day off to catch up" than "horrifying and embarrassing"...For motivation I discovered "clean with me" videos on YouTube.. It's basically just bored housewife YouTubers whose content I otherwise can't relate to at all - but they video themselves cleaning their house then speed it up and put it on YouTube and I find it so motivating. I put it on my tv and it gets me going and I just leave it to autopay similar videos (on mute) until I'm done. 
Cool post! I'm on Day 7 today. Yesterday I committed to clean only ONE room (my bedroom) as it's been on my list for over a month. It took me all day - a lot of breaks - but I got it done. Went to bed in a clean room and felt super accomplished for the day. I have to break things down like that so it's not overwhelming. Also the  breaks  resulted in a few more chores getting done - some casual laundry a few dishes a bit of fridge cleaning some stretching exercises etc. :) IWNDWYT 
I download audiobooks on audible only way to get through ironing!
