-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4m5n9/759_and_counting/

Hi all I wanted to introduce myself to this sub.  I can't believe I just found this!  I have 759 days and and counting.  It has been a long rough journey.  I hope this sub can fill a void I have since abandoning Facebook.  I had a good sober group on Facebook and had a couple of accountability friends that I messaged with constantly but that group turned toxic.  A lot of people posting about relapses is really hard to read when you are struggling!..Anyways on to the intro.  Like the title says 759 days!  I drank every day.  A bottle of whiskey or vodka every two days.  I was a mess.  I stole money from my 9 year old and money my wife had stashed for bills.  She had the necessity to hide money because it always went missing.  I still to this day don't know why I told her but I am glad I did.  I laid it all out.  She had no clue and obviously was devastated.  I almost cost myself my marriage.  I slept on the couch for days a blubbering mess.  After an initial session with my priest I had weekly counciling  sessions.  Let me tell you the tings you uncover when talking about your feelings instead of drowning them in alcohol.  It was like a weight lifted off of my soul...My marriage has never been stronger the kids are no longer terrified of me and life in has improved greatly.  The urge to drink NEVER goes away.  Its not a constant but when it hits man it sneaks up on you.  I had the thought the other day "man I would like to get plastered just once".  Thankfully it was only a second and then I dismissed it.  I will tell you this if I can do it anyone can do.  Thank you all for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

I appreciate your honesty on urges. I feel its important that newcomers be reminded that you have to stay vigilant day by day tough times are inevitable. Thanks for sharing.
It's great meeting you!  Welcome    
I'm always grateful for the people who have longer stints in sobriety that take time to post here. Welcome!
IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing. You rock!
