-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4r453/600_1/

I drank after 600 days of sobriety. Surprisingly little thought went into the decision. I was hosting a party and pouring drinks for guests and decided to have a glass of champagne. Being at my own home surrounded by friends I felt safe. I am here to report that it was the total shit-show that always accompanies my drinking. Complete with a blackout embarrassing behavior shame regret and a 2 day hangover. Not worth it folks!! .I am disappointed that I have to reset my badge but I want to hold myself accountable. I firmly believe that this is a journey and a slip-up/relapse (whatever you choose to call it) does not take away from all the work I have done. .I have 20 plus years of binge drinking under my belt and with the help of this group I stayed sober for 600 amazing days!! So I consider myself 600 (minus one) but am happy to jump right back on the bandwagon. .In terms of what I will change going forward not much actually. I plan to spend more time here but like I said going from daily drinking to staying sober 600 days is pretty damn good in my book. I now have fresh feelings of the shame and regret that reminded me once again why I stopped drinking in the first place. It was very hard for me to post this but I am so happy to be back here.  
----------immediate responses--------

I posted this on somebody else's thread but it's relevant here:..You know I find it funny that sobriety is the only thing we consider having to go back to Day 1 if we fail...It's not like this with anything else. Lose twenty pounds and pig out over the week? You've gained it all back start over. Skip a few days of practicing your guitar? You're a beginner again...I know it can be tough to get back on when you've failed. But just because you drank doesn't mean the past 600 days never happened. I like your attitude of getting back with it!
 Most of us have been unwilling to admit we were real alcoholics. No person likes to think he is bodily and mentally different from his fellows. Therefore it is not surprising that our drinking careers have been characterized by countless vain attempts to prove we could drink like other people. The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death...We learned that we had to fully concede to our innermost selves that we were alcoholics. This is the first step in recovery. The delusion that we are like other people or presently may be has to be smashed...We alcoholics are men and women who have lost the ability to control our drinking. We know that no real alcoholic ever recovers control. All of us felt at times that we were regaining control but such intervals - usually brief - were inevitably followed by still less control which led in time to pitiful and incomprehensible demoralization. We are convinced to a man that alcoholics of our type are in the grip of a progressive illness. Over any considerable period we get worse never better.  ..Chapter 3 More About Alcoholism 
Hey sobermamma! That was 600 awesome days. I'm glad you are focusing on that positivity because it is all still there. Good job jumping right back on the wagon and making it just a minus 1! 
Thank you for sharing this. I can totally understand I think. After so much time not drinking my brain has started to look at booze not as the scary monster it was but sometimes saying stuff like... wellllll... That beer looks safe. Why not ? I pray to keep going but even more than that I pray that if I drink again I'll have the courage to do what you just did and come straight back here. You're a hero to me 
Happened to me too after 280 days...
Thank you for posting this! This is so eye opening - that  very little thought went into it' can overcome years of daily affirmations and self control. .I do believe 600 days is nothing short of a major achievement (I hope to get there someday) so I like the title where you are focused on the positive. IWNDWYT! Sober on!
600 days is an amazing accomplishment. I hope you get right back to sobriety!
I honestly think these kind of relapses can be GOOD. It was a lesson that even after almost 2 years you were not 'cured'. ..I am appreciative of the fact that I know if I go back to the bottle it won't take a week before I'm blacking out again.
Sounds like a success to me - you've successfully reminded yourself of why you quit in the first place and renewed your dedication. 1 day out of 600 is .0016 % of your last 600 days. That's freakin phenomenal if you ask me. Why beat yourself up? Stand tall and be proud.   
I'm sure sorry you had to have a yucky experience like that sobermamma but I'm so grateful you've shared it with us. It's a good reminder to stay focused even after hundreds of days. Good for you getting right back on! You are an inspiration. :)
This absolutely terrifies me.  I am glad you are strong enough to recognize it for what it was.  I have been fighting my thoughts for a couple of months now.  Just to have a drink again.  You know why am I not normal?  Why can all of my colleagues drink but I can't enjoy just one beer?  Because it wouldn't be just one beer.  Thank you for posting this! 
My worst nightmare! Were there any warning signs we should look out for? Had you been having cravings again etc?. Well done on the 600 days.
Your positivity and perspective is awesome! Way to go!  IWNDWYT!!!
Thank you for sharing this. IWNDWYT!
Don't worry about the streak focus on the ratio. Six hundred to one is brilliant. When I was in your situation   - having broken a sober streak - I just kept drinking and I wish I hadn't. It took me 8 years to get proper sober again. Go get another 600! Stay strong. 
Yes in a way maybe it was necessary. This journey is a process. Learning all along the way. Stumbles and starts but gotta keep moving forward.
Thank you! When you do the math it sounds pretty darn  good   
Thank you. It was hard to share to be honest but I feel like it's very important part of staying accountable. 
Thank you. Your comment really makes me feel so much better. In the past when I would stop and start up again I would keep drinking for a long time. Just throw in the towel. Even though I messed up I really feel like this is progress in a way. Being able to jump right back in the wagon. So happy to have all this support. 
Thank you for posting. And thank you for being here. 
600 days is an incredible achievement. I'm currently suffering from a 2 day hangover as well after breaking a 33 day streak the longest I've ever managed. We've proved to ourselves that we can be sober so let's do it again. IWNDWYT.
Thank you for sharing this story. 
Thank you very much for you account. I actually got really scared for myself. You see I've been a long way with my SO in terms of my drinking problem. I feel I have to live our relationship to the fullest and be present in the present to not let anything pass by unnoticed since someday I might slip up and it can be the end for us. I guess we better have this difficult talk sometime soon....But it's always better to lose our illusions. I think it's not wise to believe I'll never have a relapse...On the other hand in my opinion your post shows the right mindset. That's just optimistic and I'm proud of you for not giving in to self-hatred. IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing. I'm just over 1 year sober. At about 5 months I felt bullet proof in terms of abstinence from alcohol. But I've since been in too many meetings and heard stories of relapse after 1 5 or even 10+ years. I've even had thoughts of moderation creep back into my mind. And your story is yet another reminder that we alcoholics must remain vigilant. We are never cured from our disease. Thank you. IWNDWYT 
Respect on 600! I am on my first 50 and stories like your keep me adding days to that number. Thank you and be humble to yourself! 
Thank you for your post. I caught myself thinking that  one  beer would be ok last night but I shut that down. 
It took a lot of courage to make this post. Thank you for sharing. It would have probably taken me several days or longer to be able to do it. 600 days is quite an accomplishment in my book as well and one night does not wipe all that out. Onwards and upwards from here! You know you have the tools to continue on your sober journey. ..I will not drink with you today
It's almost better that you didn't have a good experience. After I'd mess up I always went back slowly fooling myself that I had control. You went full force and familiarized yourself right away why you're no longer drinking! 
I feel for you. I had five years of sobriety then slid into an entire decade of binging with stints of sobriety. Your 600 days aren't gone! You have a great base of sobriety to return to. I'm with you! And I won't drink with you today. 
Thank you for posting. Yesterday I had perhaps my worst day of temptation in close to 600 days. It's startling after you have gone days and weeks without  a thought of drinking. Easy to get complacent and let your guard down. 
Well done for jumping straight back on the wagon. That's what matters 
Hey you are finding the positives and that's great. I only have 70 days and 600 to me seems completely unfathomable. A slip to me is what u had and a relapse is when we don't here from u for a week/months/years (in my opinion). U had a little slip  u recognized your mistake learned from it and now are pushing forward. You didn't lose any of those 600 days and I respect and am absolutely proud of you for coming right back on track. Stay with us. I hope for myself I stay. I'm still pretty week. Shitty noght- but today's a great day. Have a good one friend
I drank again in late October after over 500 days but in a weird way I'm glad I went thru the last month. Now the shine is gone from the idea of getting loaded(something that wasnt true before) and I can feel better in my decision to not drink today since I remember much more vividly the consequences. Welcome back and IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing it is helpful to know that even after 600 days moderation was not possible and that quitting completely is the only answer to our problem. Here's to another 600+!..IWNDWYT!
Proud of you for coming clean so to speak. Can you get to an AA meeting to do the same and have some real life accountability? And you're right a relapse doesn't mean that the 600 days you have sober are gone. I think you can keep that momentum going still. I'm rooting for you!
I'm glad you're here. I had 18 months in 2011 and decided to drink to celebrate graduation mine too turned into a blackout. Fortunately nothing bad happened aside from the hangover but I instantly regretted it after the first ship. That memory and a few others are what keeps me sober today. The good news is that I made it back and learned from my mistake and  here I am today nearly 5 years sober. I'm with you 600 days -1 is damn good! These things happen you're here now and that's what counts. Peace and love to you and welcome back.
I keep thinking about this especially since there's been a couple posts in addition to yours about drinking after 600 days. I wanted to [visualize](https://imgur.com/KuXuFmA) how much you've accomplished as a reminder that we're not defined by our slip-ups but by the totality the entirety of ourselves. 
Congrats for coming back that's all that counts along with the 600 amazing days which are still yours
Thank you for checking-in helps remind us people with a lot of time under our belts that this disease doesn't go away with time.
