-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4ttux/relapsed_after_almost_700_days/

I decided that after 700 days i am finally able to moderate my drinking. So i tried to have JUST one Beer With my friends ( which Is a national drink in czech republic So it was hard to avoid IT). I ended up being drunk for a WEEK. I am still an alcoholic i feel terrible And i will not drink With you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I've been there mate. It's as if I drink twice as much to make up for the time I've been sober lol. One beer is never one beer never has been.
Thank you for sharing and sorry for your relapse.  I think moderation will never be an option for many of us.
Thank you for doing the research and reporting back - what you describe is exactly why I am currently white-knuckling it through the lead up to Christmas I just can't see how one drink inside me wouldn't magnetically attract all the drinks. I hope you feel better soon - a lapse is a blip on the journey they say and you still have all those 700 sober days of habits to support you going into the season of jolly outrageous temptation..
No worries. Reset the clock and off you go again. 
I wonder what would happen if I could have beer #8 instead of beer #1?..Would I stop at a single beer if I got what beer #8 seemed to give me?..I wonder.
I'm with you.  Lets not drink together today.
You are not alone! I drank after 600 days. The important thing is that you are back here. Nothing can take those 700 days away from you. Lets get back on track. This is a long journey and there are bound to be some bumps along the road. Hang in there!! 
Welcome back! As I continue on my sober journey I have to continue to remind myself that I can easily get back to where I was before quitting. One drink would slowly turn into 235 then I'm going to be drinking the whole bottle/case again. I appreciate you coming back and doing research on this. Keep the faith and remember those days are not lost. I will not drink with you today!
So sorry this happened but I'm proud of you for coming back here and sharing the experience. It helps people like me in the early days to remember it doesn't get better after a long period of sobriety. Thank you for that information. IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Thanks for your post. This is a good reminder I can never have that first drink again...IWNDWYT
Sorry man. I have been going in and out of drinking for 2 years now. I think I have damn near killed myself more than what it should take to stop...but no. As soon as the body feels good...it happens again. 
IWNDWYT!  
Welcome back
It could have been worse.  I once had ~1800 days and decided I could moderate... it took me over two decades to finally come to know that alcohol was slowly destroying me and that there was no way I could control it once I had that first one...Good job getting 'back on that horse' it's totally worth it...IWNDWYT
Hey try not to be too hard on yourself...&amp;#x200B;..I did the same thing after 900+ days.   Took me a few years to realize what you did in a week so good for you...&amp;#x200B;..As long as you keep trying to stay sober you are doing alright in my book.
It's good that you have learned something from your experience. I believe you can pick yourself back up and keep going for another 700 days. I am rooting for you!
BUT YOU CAME BACK HERE! That's what's important. This is a process that you have to work through EVERY damm day...IWNDWYT
Congrats on only drinking for 7-ish (?) days out of the last 700! You stumbled but you are still doing great. Reflect and move on. IWNDWYT. 
Welcome back from field research! 
Bummer. What a good run! Personally I doubt I would go a weeklong bender after one drink but the way I am planning on avoiding that risk is by never having that drink. There is honestly nothing tempting about it right now. I have yet to see one story where someone says "I'm glad I did it".
Thank you for the report and your bravery in the field.  Commence phase II of mission: sober4life.
Hang in there buddyone minute one hour one day at a time. Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
Welcome back! Glad you're here.
