-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4wrb4/hello_rock_bottom/

I've been struggling with this addiction for the past year. I've had a problem for much longer than that. I've tried to come to terms with being an alcoholic. I've tried sobriety and it never lasts long. I had a record of 11 days under my belt at Thanksgiving. I drank two days later...&amp;#x200B;..Annually my in-laws take the family out for a nice dinner for the holidays. It's their favorite night of the year. Our reservation was at 7:00 pm and by that time I had already drank 5 beers at lunch and at least another 7 beers at home. (Plus one for the car because heaven for bid I stop drinking for the 20 minutes it takes to get to the restaurant. Ugh.) I remember ordering an old fashioned and telling the server to "keep them coming". I don't remember ordering dinner or eating it. I remember falling down as I attempted to sit in my chair. I don't remember getting a bit of food on my sweater and crying about it. I don't remember any conversation or leaving the restaurant. I remember my husband having to pull the car over so I could vomit. I barely remember the struggle to get me out of the car up the stairs and into bed...&amp;#x200B;..All of my regrets and embarrassment aside the absolute worst part is knowing that my son was with us and he witnessed the entire thing. He sent scared texts to my mom. He sent texts to me telling me that he loves me no matter what. He had never seen me like that before and I refuse for that to happen again...&amp;#x200B;..Day 1 again. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong you got this! I had many rock bottoms but I bounced back. As time passes while you're sober you address these moments and forgive yourself. You just remind yourself that you need (and most importantly want) to stay sober to be your best self. I mostly hit rock bottoms when dealing with social settings but becoming sober I realized that I'm much better socializing without the drink! I thought I was gaining more confidence which actually I was diminishing it and getting too sloshed. ..&amp;#x200B;..Hang in there and IWNDWYT!
IWNDWYT
Keep those texts from your son and if you start thinking about drinking reread them and remember how you feel now. .You've got this.. you CAN do this. Be strong first for you then for everyone else. Come back here often and read and chat. .IWNDWYT..
When I was a teenager my mother would drink 1-2 bottles of wine not often but enough that it caused problems for her. I think my father finally had enough (not really a drinker.)..I think kids are more aware than adults give them credit. I knew something was wrong with my parents. They divorced a year later after 19 years of marriage...I also remember begging my mother to stop drinking after one night when she had too much. I told her I thought she was an alcoholic that couldn't stop. I think she was embarrassed. The next morning I asked her again she agreed and lasted 3 months. Her birthday came around and she decided to drink with her friends. When I told her I was disappointed she got angry and told me she deserved to have a drink. ..It's been 20 years since then I still think about it. My wife had to live with my mother while I was away for work for several months. Halfway in she said your mother doesn't remember anything past 5 pm not unusual for her but what stuck out for me was now it was every day of the week...About 2 months ago she visited the two of us got drunk again and told me in private while drunk that she loved me but alcohol had ruined her life and she didn't think she could ever quit. The next morning she had no memory of the afternoon or night before per usual. ..My mother does have good qualities but what sticks out for me most is that one of the few times in my life she ever told me how much she really loved me she was completely shitfaced and the next morning had zero recollection. And as an adult it really hurts.
