-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a4x5jd/dealing_with_drinking_partnersso/

I have posted before about my struggles to remain sober while my SO (partner of over 10 years) continues to drink a lot. Sometimes he does moderate his drinking and sometimes he is very aware of his influence on me and tries to help out but some other times he goes on drinking however he wants to drink. ..I am currently in therapy and I have in many ways try to get him to do his own therapy since twice this year while drunk he told me he thinks he needs it as well. Currently with my sobriety journey in which im not fully sober every single day of the week but sobriety is my goal i dont know how to handle this. I love him and i understand an ultimatum probably would do more harm than good. But what is one to do? Just watch him drink over 11 beers in one day? and do nothing? this is the man I want to spend the rest of my life with...i dont want to give up on him (specially since he didnt give up on me when i was at my drinking/depression lowest)..I wonder about couples' therapy but how would I convince him to join me? I feel like we need something or someone to help us navigate all of this......&amp;#x200B;..im not looking for answer as what to do exactly i just want some insight...any one navigating this? thanks for reading if you made it this far and sorry for any typos/english isnt my main language. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ooh honey...it's one thing to have an SO who drinks but it's another to have one who abuses alcohol......I think the best way to help him would be to equip him with the tools to help himself. Why not send him a link to this sub?
I'd love to hear advice from others as well. When I told my SO she said  noooo you're so much more fun when you drink  &gt;:(..I guess that's why it's important we do it for ourselves and no one else.
I'm in the same boat. Watched him get drunk saturday night...I get a warning in that his left eye gets a little swollen first. He is not mean just annoying. I have been with him 6 years and don't know if he will ever quit or cut back. He is supportive of me not drinking but it definitely changes the dynamic. I don't want to end my relationship but I am uncertain of our fate.
