-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a54oj6/condescending_cunts/

Wait are we allowed to swear in this sub?..Anyway yesterday I was at a pub after a lecture discussing the topics of religion and philosophy with my former coworkers. Though I was fundamentally disagreeing on the topic of western esotrism and the foundations of the Left Hand Path with my company the initial conversation was merry and lighthearted. ..It was only later when the topic was raised; should we get the second round of pints. I proclaimed that I'd gladly partake for another. .."You're drinking... what? A soda?" Asked one member of our group. Yup 48 days sober I answered and was about to brush the topic off by joking on my new healthy life. I was not in a mood to explain myself especially for this audience. But I was not off the hook so easy..."Well I think it's great. Just great." She continued with a condescending voice. "Its a great decision and a brave one too! I'm sure it's not easy to quit. Thats so great of you. How come you decided to stop drinking?"..Now I might be projecting my emotions on her but fuck off won't you? You know nothing of my struggles with the Proverbial Demon Alcohol nor are my woes on public display for your entertainment! Were you dropped on you head as a child or why can't you take a hint? Take your gossip digging attitude and shove it. Condescending bastard of a cunt you are not my emotional support and I'm not about to confess my sins here...Anyway I didn't say any of that to her. Just grabbed my second soda and continued the night. Only later on my way home I started to marinate on her well intended prying and got a bit angry. Are people really this blind for social clues and push themselves to other peoples business? First time it happened to me...Apologies for the rant and the swearing. IWNDWYT - and I'm quite happy for SD community at least I don't have to rely on random office samaritans for empathy...
----------immediate responses--------

She might have been genuinely interested because she or someone she knows also wants to give up alcohol but doesn't know how.
The swearing is fine we're all adults. I mean said in context it's great...&gt;Condescending bastard of a cunt....I would have gone with something like; cock-juggling thundercunt myself.
I mean if you really didn't want to delve into it I wouldn't have said "48 days sober."  It's inviting opening up a can of worms instead of just saying "yea I'm just having soda" or "yea I'm not drinking alcohol tonight."  ..And I mean was it very apparent she was using a condescending tone?  Because none of that sounds like a bad thing she said and would just seem odd saying it condescendingly...I don't know seems like just a mood swing or overreaction personally.  I just stopped caring if people think anything of me being sober.  I'm proud of it myself so if they want to mock it or think it's weird that's their problem  I don't get worked up about it.
You are the rude one. Sounds like you have a lot of anger and resentment and cannot appreciate someone's concern or know how to act in social situations. I'm glad I don't work with you. 
Glad you're here and can vent!..The topic of "what do I tell people" is a regular theme here every day...I often share "I didn't make any grand pronouncements when I *started* drinking so when I quit I didn't erect any billboards"...&gt;Only later on my way home I started to marinate on her well intended prying and got a bit angry...This is exactly why I share my thoughts.  When I tell people about 'not drinking' I invite debate criticism unsolicited advice uncharitable judgments become defensive and generally it invites drama and sometimes chaos into my life.  I don't know about you but one of the reasons I quit was to reduce or eliminate drama!..It's all to easy for me to 'replay the tape' as it appears you did and then work myself up into a justifiable resentment...I can't afford resentments.  Resentments will lead me to think about having a drink.  Sometimes *drinking AT* people...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
You may have been irritated simply because you're in new skin and don't feel overly comfortable talking about it with people you are not close with...I wouldn't call it projecting.  I'm the same way...But I also can see myself asking like this woman did.  I'm curious as to other people's journeys and I remember before I considered quitting that I had a problem and that I would talk intimately with people in recovery that were not close...And fuck yeah you can swear.  I wouldn't be here if we couldn't goddamnit.
Yeah I have been in this situation too. Where is the person was sincere it might be different but instead the person is essentially asking me to put myself on display for the enjoyment of others. If this person is the office gossip as you say I can see why her questions rubbed you the wrong way. It's maddening to feel like your struggle is entertainment for others. ..Don't have any advice for you friend. Just that it's good to have some pat replies for this situation and recognize that you have a right to privacy. Sometimes a smile goes a long way in disarming someone with a questionable intent.
" I was at a pub after a lecture discussing the topics of religion and philosophy with my former coworkers. Though I was fundamentally disagreeing on the topic of western esotrism and the foundations of the Left Hand Path "
 "I was at a pub after a lecture discussing the topics of religion and philosophy with my former coworkers. Though I was fundamentally disagreeing on the topic of western esotrism and the foundations of the Left Hand Path" ...Words words words. Huh huh huh..
