-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a5ai03/anyone_else_hate_the_term_recovery_or_is_that/

I have sort of learned to like "alcoholic" and "toolkit" and "gratitude" and most other terms.  I'm even good with "relapse" even though I am not in love with the connotation...But good christ I *hate* the term "Recovery".  I get that addiction isn't something you get some quick treatment for and it forever goes away I know that part.  I know that being some sort of normal drinker is just not in my genetics and honestly I am fine with that.  Alcohol is really a shitty drug anyway...But the word "recovery" feels... controlling?  Or as though I will forever always be defined by this battle.  And I hate that.  I hate the way that feels.  Like I'm going to be a carrying around a dialysis machine for the rest of my days or something...Am I alone here?  Is there another phrase you all use?
----------immediate responses--------

I do agree with you. But I think of this way...When sober I physically train every day. Something is always sore or healing from all the hard work I do...Some part of me is always 'recovering'. But my body keeps improving. ..Alternatively I've thought about not being an 'alcoholic in recovery' so much as a 'sober person in training'...
In the sobriety program I was in people who had relapsed and returned were called retreads...Better than being called maggots I guess.  
In the first paragraph of the Forward To The First Edition in the book Alcoholics Anonymous it states  ...have recovered from a seemingly hopeless state of mind and body.....' Perhaps in context by reading the entire forward it will be more palatable. Or maybe not (shrugs). Best wishes. IWNDWYT. 
I look at it differently. I'm always recovering. If I'm recovered then I don't have a problem with alcohol. I may as well just drink like a normal person... except that I'm an alcoholic. I know that I'd go back to the way I was all those years ago. I have no control over alcohol and I never will. Knowing that fact is one of the strongest things keeping me away from alcohol. Sure I could have just one... but even though my lying mind believes that the wiser part of my brain knows it's not true. ..A few weeks ago a friend proposed a thought experiment. A little background he drinks and knew me when I drank. He controls his intake but gets a good buzz 3 or 4 times a month. Maybe none for a few months maybe 10 times in a different month. He suggested that I pick a Saturday and have 4 beers on that day. No more no less. And I would have to drink them over a 2 hour period... no more no less. Could I do it? My immediate answer was no. I will have zero or 12. I don't see the point in having 4 beers. If I had four they'd be consumed as fast as possible. He told me that I failed his experiment because clearly my logic is the logic of an alcoholic... but that's who I am. I have accepted the fact that I'll always be an alcoholic and honestly that just makes life so much simpler. There's no denial anymore. There's no "maybe just one beer" anymore. I have a zero tolerance policy because I know that's what works for me. I am not recovered. I am recovering. .."I don't have a drinking problem. I have a thinking problem. Certain types of people can't drink. I'm one of them.".- Craig Ferguson 
I also don't like recovery. It doesn't sit well with me. I also don't talk about it much so I don't have to have a language for it. In my head my private view of it is that getting sober is a way to experience a rebirth. But I would be embarrassed to say this to anyone face to face.
I have more problems with the word alcoholic than with recovery.  Recovery seems the most appropriate of any of them.  You suffer an injury and then need to recover.  If you break your leg you need a cast and crutches and rehab time.  That is your recovery.  I need to learn how to cope with life without my one stop solution to everything.  That takes a lot of learning and practice and that is my recovery.
Since I am an alcoholic I can be one of two things- active or in recovery.  I'd rather be in recovery.  Does it define me?  For like 3-4 hours a week yes because I'm in meetings.  Outside of that I don't necessarily think about it rarely discuss it and other than those very rare occasions when I still want a drink and have to take some time to deal with that it doesn't get in the way of my life at all.  But it's always going to be there.  I drank myself into addiction. I clawed my way out but if I ever think I'm "recovered" I know damn well I'm on the fast track to a relapse.  Small price to pay.  I have a love-hate relationship with our dogma as well but what I've learned is that even though I detest some of the cliches (don't drink about it.  one day at a time.  relapse is a part of recovery. etc) they have their place.
I like it because to me recovery implies that at some point you will be recovered. 
I was thinking about exactly that earlier--to me *recovery* feels like making up for something getting back to something or restoring something while for me the word *healing* is about becoming transforming growing more whole than the sum of these parts. It has a future glow of integration and possibility instead of just a sense of repair.
I recovered from alcoholism.  I have no alcohol problem any more because I don't drink alcohol.
I don't like it either. "I'm in recovery" just doesn't feel powerful enough for what we are doing. If recovery means continuing to work on yourself live in the present moment give back to the community forgive yourself forgive others stay honest stay healthy physically self reflection heal past wounds etc etc etc then everyone should live in recovery! My toolkit is now a tool shed btw...I suffered from alcohol abuse. I am healing that part of my life. I no longer drink. period. I have more self awareness. That to me holds more personal power and accountability than 'recovery.' ..But culturally that is the term. I haven't heard any other one word descriptions. Hope to see some here.!
I don't like it. I don't refer to myself as in recovery. Though I dont care that much about it one way or another if others do esp. as general shorthand. ..But I think its fine to reject it. There's no reason you should use it if you don't like it. So long as you're staying honest with yourself about whatever process is working for you to stay abstinent and/r "sober."..I find it's easiest to stay happily alcohol-free if I feel good about how I define and understand it. And so long as it is working it's noone else's business.
I'm with you on this. Here's my take:..I can drink. It is a legal privilege that I have and in theory I can afford alcohol. Alcohol provides me with instant gratification but long-lasting consequences which I must recover from. When I am not drinking I do not suffer these consequences. ..I do have healing to do. A lot. And that involves work and recovery along the way. I have to cultivate an entire sober life for heaven's sake! But I want to recover from the damage I've done. I have to believe that's possible at least for now. ..My problem is not unique alcohol is a shitty drug  (but that's just my experience). I am recovering from alcoholism and working on sobriety. The goal is to recover and simply live sober. I am taking that one day at a time. ..IWNDWYT
In my case I had done so much physical damage to myself with booze that I think of "recovery" as referring to my poor body getting a chance to heal itself. Like u/queyew I actually have more problems with the word "alcoholic."
You are the one giving the word that connotation. If you don't like the word don't use it. 
The word that annoys me is relapse.
