-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a5biip/one_week_until_6_months_sober_but_depression_sucks/

I guess I just need some support today...I struggle with depression year round but like many others I add the SAD cherry on top for the winter.   The past few days have been especially awful and my craving for a drink has come back.  I don't even want one (which we know wouldn't be just one) but it's the damn craving that's getting me...While walking around the grocery store earlier feeling like a sad pos I paused in the beer aisle and browsed all the ales and lites and ciders walked over and gazed at my previous favorite wines.... I don't know...I know drinking won't help the depression considering that's kinda what got me here in the first place.  The last six months have showed me that what I thought were nice alcohol fueled memories are actually endless scenarios of me fucking up putting myself into bad situations and making myself more miserable.  ..Yet I still want a stupid drink...For now I guess I'll just binge on some cookies and I (hopefully) will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Cookies mmm. When I feel like staring longingly at the alcohol I go look at the fancy cheese instead and longingly stare at everything before deciding on just one lol!..Iwndwyt.
depression SUCKS. I'm sorry you're struggling with cravings too. blargh!..I admire you for putting cookies into your face instead of something more harmful. I'm doing the same thing as we speak with a chocolate cupcake. :D ..you are definitely not alone. thanks for posting and hang in there. :::sugar cheers:::
I've been feeling the same way the past few days. I think this time of the year is very hard for multiple reasons. I forced myself out to exercise on a work break had some chocolate and I'm making plans to try and get to the root of these feelings and make life more bearable. IWNDWYT 
If it's any consolation I did the same sad wandering around the grocery store today. Just kinda sad and lonely. But I got some yummy food and went home where I am now cuddled with my dog. But I feel you... depression does suck and the cold dark weather doesn't help. 
IWNDWYT
Currently crying into my chilli bowl for the same reason. I have the strongest urge to run to the store and buy a fifth but I already know how my night will end if I do. IWNDWYT   
Yeah. I'm finding that my anxiety and depression are actually worse without the drink. I'm 24 days in and thought the mood would lighten up but it hasn't yet. I'm going to go see my doctor this week to see if I can get prescribed something because it's pretty unbearable at the moment. I do find that taking a quick 3-day vacation to somewhere warm and sunny always helps. Try Miami for a weekend? 
