-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a5eij3/coming_and_going/

One of the hardest parts about navigating recovery spaces for me is seeing people coming and going   good people who are doing the work making huge improvements and making positive situations out of horrible ones. To watch those people relapse and disappear breaks my heart because I have been that person numerous times. I contemplated being that person just tonight. ..I had a really eye opening experience when I learned a couple years ago that the first person who really welcomed me in AA and went out of their way to make me feel included later died from a drug overdose in the bathroom of a gas station. It was a reminder to me about how insidious addiction / reliance is and how important it is to stay vigilant and connected with others doing the work. ..I truly honestly think the best people I've ever met in my life are recovering addicts. There is a quality of hope i see in folks who have experienced so much darkness only to emerge into the light. It makes me sad to think that almost all of those people are one drink or one fix away from potentially falling back into the abyss. I've certainly been there...All of this to say   I'm still new here but I want you to know that if you struggled today/tonight I was right there with you. Whether you gave in or stayed the course I commit to staying here and supporting you.
----------immediate responses--------

I needed to read this tonight.  Thank you. 
This was beautiful and heartbreaking to read. Thank you so much for sharing I had a moment tonight that was difficult in fact I've had a difficult week and I've made it sober but tonight a small little trigger happened and I found myself craving for a few minutes and just sitting with it and working through it and letting it pass and it's so hard. The growth and learning and introspection that comes along with this journey has been profound for me but I'm always nervous because I know that if I don't stay vigilant and stay on top of it all it takes is one cascading thought that avalanches and could throw me off and I am fearful of what that brings I never want to walk down that road again but it could happen to anybody and that's why it's important to always do the work. 
 A quality of hope.   That is so true. Thank you. 
Beautiful and true.
This is a beautiful post thank you for sharing this &lt;3
This post helped me realize I'm not alone in the struggle. Thank you. 
Thanks friend. I agree that some of the best folks I know are recovering addicts. I think that the best thing I can do to show respect for all they do is to continue on this sober adventure. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
