-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a64e69/proud_of_my_dad_for_being_almost_one_year_sober/

My dad dealt with alcoholism since he was a teenager and it caused alot of devastation and misery in his life. Both his mother and father were alcoholics. Throughout my childhood I witnessed his struggles with alcohol. He would stumble in the door drunk after work or disappear for hours to go sit in his car for hours to drink. A couple years ago his alcoholism got out of control worse than I've ever seen it. He would drink whiskey every night until he passed out and his mental state was a total wreck. He nearly had a mental breakdown and was suicidal and depressed and was fired from his job. He decided to go to AA and got a really awesome and supportive mentor. It was a struggle at first but he became sober and weeks turned into months. He is now almost 1 year sober and I am so proud of him. He also has been eating healthy and lost weight has a personal trainer and works on his mental health. He also got worked done on his teeth (something he was insecure about before) and can smile confidently. He is able to be his true self and alcohol no longer runs his life. I am so proud of him everyday for staying sober. ..&amp;#x200B;.. Every single one of you has the strength to rise above addiction. I'm sure there was a time when he was hopeless and felt like becoming sober was impossible but he is living proof that you can become sober and thrive. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this. For many of us our children are our inspiration - I am proud of your father too! It is not easy and it sounds like he is doing the right things. Your support must be so helpful and encouraging!!!!here's to breaking the cycle  hope your whole family has an awesome weekend!!!
Your dads sobriety is very similar to mine. I'm happy for you man. He has to be a completely different person to you. I don't have kids but I have an alcoholic dad. He got sober too. ..Fuck alcohol 
I'm very happy for you and proud of your dad for turning his life around.  We truly love our families and have put them through very difficult times.  Thanks for believing in us when we didn't believe in ourselves.  My daughters helped save me.  Have a wonderful holiday season  
Thank you for sharing that.  I hope my kids feel the same about me one day.  :-)
Congrats to your Dad.  It's awesome of you to recognize his accomplishments and I bet you are huge part of his motivation to stay sober!
Well done to your Dad! T
