-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6855f/i_want_to_stop_but_im_struggling/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

Gosh. That does sound very stressful. Well I can tell you that you are in the right sub and these stories are quite common. Many people here have been able to turn around worse situations than yours. ..&amp;#x200B;..Do you binge drink or are you a daily drinker?..&amp;#x200B;..Have you seen a psychiatrist? You sound like a very good candidate for seeing a psychiatrist about your alcohol problem (there are medications that can help you stop safely) and your suicidal thoughts. ..&amp;#x200B;..You can take heart in the fact that your suicidal thoughts are probably partially from the depressive nature of alcohol and aren't purely you. If you drink often your mood might improve more than you would guess if you stop drinking. 
Damn that is a horrible place to be in I'm so sorry. I've been there before. Don't apologize for posting that's what we are all here for. To bitch about things and support each other lol. You're doing really well just for making an effort and also reaching out for help and being honest. That's huge. Just keep going forward from this point and try to not beat yourself up if bad things happen again in the future. I know it's impossible to not feel an insane amount of guilt and shame when you're in that position but I'm gonna remind you anyway that this is not your fault. You are not your problem you are just a person that is going through a hard time. Hang in there and ask for as much help as you need as often as you need it. You are not alone and clearly there are some people in your life that love you very much :)
That sucks to hear but I think it's a good thing you acknowledge it. I think when it comes down to finally choosing sobriety as a lifestyle rather than a fad or "diet" it is achieved through a release of pain fear shame and tears. When you give yourself up and say "This is who I am.". You take back control. ..I suggest taking a moment and writing down your feelings as if you were addressing it to your friends co-workers girlfriend and family. Tell them goodbye. Tell them that you are sorry (or not sorry) for the choices you have made by involving alcohol into your life - as this may very well be the case in the however many weeks months years... That's what helped me. Addressing a "last wishes" letter in my notebook to my family and friends. Whether it may result in the medical affects alcohol will have on your body over the years to come or perhaps significant strain it will inflict on your relationships alcohol will pull you away from them in a matter of time. ..If we want to do better we will need to do better. You must make the conscious decision to do better then do it. This is an anime video clip I uploaded to YouTube illustrating this which I quite enjoy: [https://youtu.be/4x5KDVHq2w4](https://youtu.be/4x5KDVHq2w4)..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for sharing as I believe it is necessary to do so to heal. It also makes others (like me) share in return. IWNDWYT 
You never need to feel this way again. You can stop. This place is great I'm really glad you are here. Have you considered going to a meeting? I've been going for a few weeks and it is such a big help to not do it alone. ..I will not drink with you today.
I'm right there with you. I blacked out for an hour and ended up in a stranger's house whom I met at a bar. This isn't the first time I've done a laundry list of stupid things and lost a relationship...I know the shame and guilt are brutal but like the other poster said it'll pass as the alcohol or hangover fade away. Time heals promise...I have this problem that a few days or a week later I forget about the stupidity and go right back to it. So I'm in a similar boat. Alcohol destroys your judgment and the only time you have true judgment is before you pick up drink one. That's why people like us shouldn't do that...The moderation game is not fun and you don't win even though I wanted so badly to. Let's both stop playing the game. We're both losing. But get through today treat yourself well what's done is done...
This is a good place to see other people's stories. Learn as much as you can about alcoholism and read the posts on this sub. 
