-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a69pqc/getting_drunk_is_just_the_norm/

I still have vivid memories of being a 5 year old boy of a 23 year old mother who I loved to death. Waking up in a house full of passed out strangers and a coffee table covered in beer bottles while the house reeked of stale smoke while I fixed myself a bowl of cereal was the norm. ..I have vivid memories around the same age of my father drinking an entire bottle of whiskey to himself and angrily beating the shit out of my beloved mother ripping handfuls of her hair out of her skull. Walking into the bedroom and telling her she'll be okay and rubbing her mom while she was sobbing and curled up in the fetal position was the norm...I have vivid memories around the age of 7 moving in with my grandma and grandpa (my father figure and hero) being in a relatively happy environment for a little while. Grandpa was always drinking beer and this was the norm...At the age of 12 my beloved mother got her shit together and during this time she got married to a seemingly good happy man. My younger brother and I watched them drink beer and wine every single night together and this was the norm...At the age of 16 my stepfather was extremely drunk and screaming at my mother with a balled fist as she sobbed and pleaded when I intervened and stared deeply into his eyes and told him to leave my mother alone. The hatred and anger I witnessed in those eyes were the same look I seen a few months later when he pulled a shotgun on me. This man was turning into a monster. I hated him. My beloved mother begged and pleaded with me to get along with him because she did not want to end up alone when she died. I had a hard time wrapping my head around the fact she would settle for such a negative life but I accepted her request. Shortly after I tried alcohol for the first time I don't remember it I got blackout drunk and puked everywhere. This became the norm. ..At the age of 18 I ran away to Toronto to go to university and escape that shitty life. I missed my mother. Dorm life introduced me to a whole new style of partying. Drinking 4 times a week fighting bouncers getting banned from bars I got blackout drunk in front of one of my idols Bret the hit man Hart once in a pub down there and made a fool of myself. This became the norm. ..At the age of 20 I flunked out and returned home to my beloved mother who was now divorced. She was still drinking every night and more depressed then I ever seen her. I decided to crack open a beer with her this became the norm. ..At 22 she had a new alcoholic boyfriend my 19 year old brother was always partying. I was also a drunk and had just found out I had a child on the way. ..I moved out and got my shit together for my child and decided to be the father I never got to experience. At the age of 25 I got a great job benefits pension the whole 9. I felt healthy and life was good. We had another baby. I was cheated on by their mother at the age of 27 and turned back to the bottle. ..I stayed with her and it was hostile. Sitting alone by the water contemplating suicide while I sipped straight whiskey out of the bottle was the norm. Drinking at work on night shift discretely became the norm. Pushing away any friends I had and isolating myself was the norm. However I always managed to show my kids love always even though they could sense that daddy was sick...8 days ago I was drunk as shit driving on the highway crying my eyes out. I had already made it 3 hours from my house and was ready to abandon my car and just walk until I froze to death. I received a phone call from my brother and ignored it because I was crying. A voice inside my head told me to call him back. He told me that my kids needed me and I still have a lot to offer the world and reminded me of potential that I had completely forgot about. He convinced me to turn around and spend the night at his place. We got pretty fucked up that night but something changed inside. I laid there all night envisioning a happy healthy future with my children. The next morning I checked into detox. I have reached out to AA and have a meeting tomorrow. I met with a coworker who struggled with similar issues and we went for coffee. I am attending community withdrawal support and cognitive behavioural therapy acupuncture. It's only been 8 days but they say to celebrate the small victories. I realized I have a DISEASE. This perspective change is what makes me feel like a real change is happening. As soon as I finish saving my own life I would like to save my beloved mother's life. .However I understand the importance of focusing on myself first and taking it one day at a time. ..My mission is to create a different  norm  for myself and my family. I look forward to joining you all on this journey and for the longest time I've wanted to say this: I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY. .
----------immediate responses--------

Omg. IWNDWYT!!!!
Here's to the new norm! ..I will not drink with you today
Raising my Lacroix glass to you in support of making new norms! thank you for sharing your story. IWNDWYT
Huge congratulations on your 8 days Lloyd      . I am so full of admiration for you and the wonderful new life that you are in the process of creating one day at a time for you your children and your Mother. I am delighted rhat you have found good supports to help you on your way and will look out for your posts if/when you feel like sharing. My joy is huge in not drinking with you today.
Sending light and love to you. IWNDWYT
Oh dude my stories very similar and bad but you definitely had it worse...All I can say right now is you're on the right fucking thread.
And I will not drink with you either. Thank you for sharing and wishing you the best of luck 
This story made me tear up man its the first time ive read something so real and honest since i have been sober. I admire your courage in realizing this. Smiling and cheering on your victory right now! Thank you so much for sharing. This has helped me today. .I Will Not Drink With You Today !!! .
Thanks for your post and congrats on 8 days.  Being sober is the best gift someone can give themselves and loved ones. Leading by example and breaking the cycle leads to great things!!  IWNDWYT 
Never too late  man. Keep fighting. .IWNDWYT 
hey it's gonna be ok.  let's quit the shit life...  and actively build the good life.  we can't save everyone but we can save ourselves.  let's get started.  IWNDWYT 
Very well written post too! Congrats on the progress! 
Yay you!
There's hope in unity friend. We're all here with you cheering for you crying with you and not drinking with you. ..The cycle can and will be broken. Today is a good day. 
Good luck on your journey friend don't give up!
You've broken the cycle!
Epic! IWNDWYT
Powerful stuff. Wishing you peace. IWNDWYT 
This is so well written and inspiring. Thank you for sharing your story. IWNDWYT
Stay close to AA it's helped many folks who take/ get what they need from it - those suggestions from aA can make the first month easier.
That first step is so hard and you did it! Congrats on 8 days. This sub keeps me sober many a day. IWNDWYT!  
IWNDWYT 
You are making such a great choice. So glad you are here and sharing your journey with us. I will join you in not drinking today and making new norms :)
Welcome! I'm happy you're here. You certainly haven't had an easy time and I think it's admirable of you to begin this journey into sobriety. It takes courage to jump head first into change like that and it takes grit to keep at it as time passes and the old habits nag at you. I wish you the best and I will not drink with you today.
Your excellent narration of your life is a demonstration of the exceptional power in your mind. As you stay sober and your mind and spirit continue to recover the possibilities for an amazing future will unfold. The path can be hard and there is no guarantee. That is no guarantee except the strength of your spirit. Thanks for sharing my friend.  You can be free from alcohol and the past. .IWNDWYT 
Reading this made me tear up it's amazingly written. I'm so inspired by your story and decision keep going you can do it!!!
Way to go bro. Proud of you 
I needed to read that. We may not have much control of what the future brings. But our sobriety is something we can control as long as we remember why we're doing it and who we're doing it for. Best of luck to you. All of us here at SD are here for you when you need support. 
You made be cry and even though we don't know each other I'm so very proud of you and I wish you nothing but love and happiness  
This sub really helped and still helps me.  I was in a really dark place when I got sober my life and family were falling apart.  It's been so much work but my life is so much better!  Welcome aboard and congratulations!  
I grew up in a drinking family. So crazy how everyone rationalized drinking every night. 
God you are a great writer. Wishing you the best. 
IWNDWYT!!!!
If you need a safe space to delve into the childhood stuff r/CPTSD is a decent place. I working through my childhood as a sober person who can feel. Sometimes those feelings are icky. So I go there. .
Awesome steps your taking man keep on track and you will start to see that wonderful happy life you were envisioning come to fruition. 
Thanks for telling us your story.  You'll be in my heart going forward and IWNDWYT!!
IWNDWYT  
Domestic abuse is a large part of why I was drinking as heavily as I was...Day 5 tomorrow...IWNDWYT. 
Congrats on 8 days my friend! Your story is inspiring thanks for sharing it
Sounds like you have taken a strong first step.  We are behind you all the way.
I will not drink with you today!..14 days sober myself.
Cheers to you man! It's an amazing experience to live and grow into your potential self. Here's to your new journey..IWNDWYT!
You are making the right decisions for your family and that's amazing. Nice job and IWNDWYT 
@ OP: I am sorry for the childhood trauma you endured. I read a quote recently about surviving trauma where the only thing that does *not* happen is your physical death. Where the trauma whether singular or repeated occurrences affects your every day thereafter...[Here is the reason you](https://medicine.iu.edu/news/2014/05/genes-predict-alcoholism-1/) (and I would bet a hefty sum if I had one) and 98.5+ % of subscribers to this sub are here. Summary: *If* you have these eleven particular genes and *if* you are raised in a culture of daily drinking and *if* you start daily drinking yourself the chances are very good that you will develop a problem of some degree with booze...OP I am *so* glad to read the words "...but something changed inside." I can tell you what changed. It is what I have recently realized about my quitting both booze and cigs. You *made the decision* that you were done with the stuff. There was peace in your mind even though you had not yet begun the process because you knew you were going to do whatever it takes to do this right. I can tell by the way you refer to plans and have a positive take on your future. Don't ever lose that ability. Life gives you lemons? Make lemonade. And sell it...You have the genes for mayhem but only if you drink in "the now"...Yesterday is just a cancelled check. You can't go back to last month and get wrecked right?..Tomorrow is just a promise. You can't jump to next weekend and get ossified either...All we have is "the now". Try to live without judgement in the now...Things I can remember liking about being newly quit from booze:..1) No migraine-quality gastritis-accompanied liquid-only-intake-for-sixteen-hours digestive tract hangovers. The kind where you seriously debate building a guillotine as a curative for any recurrence...2) Appetite. Food (full disclosure: poster is a "blood-sugar person". fast metabolism could get headaches from low blood sugar) had more meaning than mere sustenance...3) Regular deep sleep. Ahhh...4) Crushing Cravings with Candy Bars. The ten-o:clock "OMG I NEED AN ENTIRE APPLE PIE...or a couple of candy bars...yum...5) Taking my time finding a fizzy substitute. Ginger beer men tangy but a one-trick pony IMHO. Coke too watery. Root beer one of the finalists has caffeine and very good versions without. Moxie used to be the go-to but they switched away from small-bubble carbonation to standard-bubble and pretty much lost me. One of the reasons I loved Moxie with a passion is because (I did this) you can put a cold can of Moxie down on a table saw in an unheated basement and come back eighteen hours later and that can of soda would be cool and drinkable and *still fizzy*. I do not think anyone outside of breweries uses small-bubble carbonation anymore.  ..The winners? Pepsi with real sugar (HFCS will kill you) and Barq's root beer Moxie a distant third...OP I was a [late-bloomer](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/10529134/Girls-really-do-mature-quicker-than-boys-scientists-find.html). I got married for the second time at age 30 (going fine at 31 years) and didn't find a career I could sink my teeth into until age 50 (had the opportunity but not the sensibility years earlier).  So don't sweat your twenties. It's the best learning period and you have learned so much about yourself you won't be able to process it all for a while yet. I am *still* coming to revelations of all sizes regarding my early life drunk life and what the damage and the friendships and the experiences really mean...You want to plan I can feel it in your words. Now bear in mind that free advice is worth exactly what you pay for it (most of the time).....Don't get ahead of yourself hence "first things first" "One Thing At A Time" all of that. But when the exuberance of new sobriety calms a bit sit down and make a one-year plan. You can change it alter it speed it up slow it down throw it out and start a better one. But without a real written-down-to-refer-to-document your're just spinning your wheels *hoping* things work out...Then make a more bare-bones outline of a five-year plan...You have guiding light behind you and worthy goals in front of you. Here's a book to help your Mom. [Feeling Good The New Mood Therapy](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009UW5X4C/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&amp;btkr=1). I link this way so people can read a little of the book and the reviews. It's been in print for over 20 years so *somebody* is buying it!..Keep smiling. It'll make everyone wonder what you've been up to....IWNDWYT
I'm so proud of you man! This is the start of the life you've been waiting to lead.
Incredibly impressed by you to break out of the norm of our society and your environment. I will pray for you my friend. IWNDWYT! 
Powerful story. I'm very impressed with your strength and determination. Best to you and your family!
You're a great writer. Thank you for sharing. I have fought and do fight for sobriety like we all do but I always go back to moderating which leads usually to a single big once day bender. ..If you haven't heard about PAWS yet it'll derail you if you're anything like me (over and over in my case with cigarettes too). ..For the 10 years I've even been attempting to moderate or quit I only just learned about post acute withdrawal syndrome (PAWS). I always thought it was simply my weakness but your brain will screw with you. Really hard and for a long time.  Read about it online and be aware. ..All the best. 
Solidarity! IWNDWYT
Good idea to focus on your sobriety and help Mom when you are able. Your story has parallels to a lot of our stories. Alcoholism is seriously difficult. You'll feel so good when you can give back.
This hit home with me.  Glad to hear you are getting the help you deserve.  It doesn't matter where we've been it matters where we are going.  IWNDWYT
Alcohol. .fucking alcohol. You're on the right path my friend. Alcohol cures nothing. I know you can do this. Stay strong. There's a whole community here wishing you the best. 
Rooting for you brother I believe in you. 
You can do this. IWNDWYT
Yes make it happen. Well said! My sponsor was buried on my birthday this year. I got a call from a dude that is the husband of a woman a sleep with. Wtf? And she says she loves me. Geesh
Remember we are not a product of what we are surrounded by but rather a manifestation of that which we will ourselves to become. You were dealt some tough cards my dude but you have learned and grown and the tone of your story clearly indicates a deep sense of caring for others. Stick with it and never forget the why of sobriety your kids should be proud of their dad for caring so much about them. I will not drink with you today because there is too much good to do in the world. 
Look. I might have my comment removed. I drank. Never laid a hand on any girl or child. .I grew up beaten. From my mom and brother the most.... sometimes it's just bad apples. I once hit a gf disseminating her... but it was a wave of the hand and I felt bad... .I did hit and knock out a girl. Once... because she started hitting me then punching me. Then throwing shit at me. Got a bat.... took it away from her. .When she came at me with a knife. I didn't see a girl... I saw a threat. So....I maybe the asshole here. I didn't want to be with her. She got pregnant and told her to get rid of it. .I was a fuck up. Doing stupid shit in Tijuana Mexico... I was not ready to be a good dad....She kept the kid... but shity part is. Her brothers are two big time bloods. .They live and breathe gang banging.... so if they see me or any of their friends. I'm dead man... .Sucks not knowing if that is my seed kills me inside day by day... .Now I'm sad....
Ultimately it's a choice and sounds to me like you've made yours. Let's go get it. I will not drink with you today. 
Really glad you're here...Congrats on 8 days IWNDWYT.
Damn dude speak the truth. It's gonna be hard but you can do it.
Beautifully written you've done such huge steps already x keep writing 
Graduated rehab on Monday still a struggle. It's always the small victories. Make your bed. Take a shower. Spend time with family. All the basic things we take for granted are awesome victories when they've been neglected because of our addiction. ..Keep fighting the good fight and good luck!
Wow amazing and very inspiring story!!! You got this you are so strong !!!! 
Good luck buddy!  Break the old norm and make a new norm. IWNDWYT .
Damn! Dude you have been through a lot. Stay strong and know that a lot of other people are with you along this journey. Iwndwyt! 
your writing is amazing and to be able to articulate like that makes you amazing. you're powerful resilient and honestly inspiring to me. thank you for sharing your story. may sobriety bring your family and future self the peace you well deserve. 
Stay strong. Thank you for sharing your story.
To go through all this you are a strong person.  To love your Mom and your kids like this you are a good person.  And now you see alcohol for the poison it is.  One day at a time eye on the prize we can all do this.  IWNDWYT
Great post. I cried a little because our stories of childhood are so similar. .Well done to you. All the very best. 
Keep sharing that story! Remember if you stay sober things may not get better but YOU will get better. My story may be different than yours but I recognize the trama isolation and helplessness which goes along with alcoholism. Stick with us. You will be ok. IWNDWYT.
Welcome to the family lloyd and congrats on the first week+. I sorta feel like I just got a new brother. Stay strong &amp; together we (all of us) can work together to find a new norm. I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
Wow that was really poignant and well written. I really felt that. I'm a few years too late to save my beloved mother but at least I can break the cycle and change what is the norm. 
You're a great writer and I wish you the best on this new path.
This is the best post I've read on reddit all year...Major kudos for being able to reflect honestly and analyzing your life and situation. That takes a lot of courage which you obviously possess. Use your courage and strength to become the you that you want to be for your children and family. You all deserve that. There are millions of other sober people out there that want you to succeed in quitting drinking. We are here for you...Congratulations on your 8 days! May your sobriety journey be fortified with strong will and the little victories you'll find along the way. All together you will create a thriving and beautiful life.
Wishing you strength and fortitude on this journey. It's not an easy one but you've got two kids to live for. Sending best wishes.
Congratulations on 8 days!!! IWNDWYT!
Bret the Hitman Hart is my all-time favorite wrestler!  The best there is the best there was and the best there will ever be.  Let not drink today .
That made me cry. Stay strong. IWNDWYT 
I showed up to work too drunk yesterday and got sent home after luckily getting my car stuck in my own driveway.  Let's give it a shot. Iwndwyt
Best thing I've read in a long long time.  Thanks very much for taking the time to write this out so that other people - like me - have the chance to read it.  I'm still in the struggle and reading things like this are a GIANT help for me.  Thank you so very much.
IWNDWYT 
Hope your new year is good and healthy ...be well stay well man
Wow good stuff ......you're doing something right for yourself if you can make thru the holiday silliness and stay healthy / sober. Really happy for you....For me it's so much better that the desire need and drinking behavior is no longer running my show  Happy 2019 !
