-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6g35b/holy_shit_i_went_out_on_friday_night_and_i_didnt/

Given how recently I had my last relapse on paper I know it was a really stupid idea to put myself in a situation where people are drinking I was sitting around at home bored which is when I usually go and buy a bottle of wine and drink it by myself. But I have recently started going to AA and even with a few meetings I have learned that I can open up and talk to people without alcohol so for the first time I was feeling positive about being sober and I decided to catch up with a friend...I went for a walk into town to meet him I told him I wasn't drinking but he could which he was really cool about. He got a beer I got some food we hung out and even went to a bar afterward where I still didn't drink! I think that's the first time I've ever been in a bar without drinking. This whole time I was planning on making an excuse to leave if I got the urge to drink but through opening up about my issues to AA and this subreddit for the first time I didn't mind being sober in a situation like that...He had about 3 beers over the night and I didn't have a drop. I would have usually gotten blackout drunk and been pressuring him to do the same instead I had probably one of the best conversations I've ever had with him. I could actually think about what we were talking about and contribute to the discussion. I wasn't being an arrogant drunken dickhead I didn't embarrass myself I wasn't starting fights and being negative. I felt like I was actually good to hang out with for a change. ..I told him I had a great night and we parted ways at about 1am. I walked home the whole way with a huge goofy smile on my face and money still in my wallet...It felt so good I'm still so happy about it. Instead of the usual Saturday morning hungover in a sea of empty bottles. I woke up well rested in a clean room. Instead of drinking this morning by myself to kill the hangover and shame I had a cup of coffee and another great conversation with my flatmate. ..It feels amazing to know that it is actually possible for me to have a night like that. If I can do it anyone can...I just wanted to share my first sober night out and say thanks to you guys and this community I'm going to another AA meeting in a few hours and I'm feeling great...IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Way to stay strong! IWNDWYT 
I think that's one of the keys.....not starting the drinking ball rolling with ridiculous Friday "reasons to drink".
Way to be! Proud of you!     
Yes yes yes! These are my favourite posts. You rock. It's so awesome to enjoy the joy of socializing sober. As soon as I started to not by constantly consumed by how bad I want a drink I learned the joy of being present and around company I enjoy. Alcohol took all the credit for that joy and I pretended like the misery was worth it when underneath the experience was still amazing. 
