-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6om35/addiction_vs_sobriety_vs_living/

I find that when I'm at my weakest and most vulnerable I still have thoughts about addiction and the person I was. I recognize that I don't actually want a drink but for so many years it was my way of making overwhelming emotions go away. I'm so thankful to be experiencing real emotions leaving myself open to the lessons life has for me. It's a lot to process and learning new ways to cope is a daily challenge and a struggle. I can't help but wonder just how many emotions insights and lessons I put off until now and how different so many things would have been in the moment if I hadn't been an alcoholic. Would I just have found a different way to hide from myself? Some way that doesn't have a support network like SD to help me understand a little better what we're all walking through. I realize that alcohol just made it easier for me to find other ways of hiding from life as well. A lot of things that I don't do now because they too were toxic like my drinking. Not drinking is only part of the answer.  LIVING is the opposite of my active addiction not simply sobriety. But it all has to be approached simultaneously. No small feat and certainly impossible to acheive if I were to take that first drink. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your Sober Progress!
Your point on week vulnerable &amp; a drink. I am on day 38 and last night I had a rip roaring fight w wife. I slammed my hands on table declared she didn't understand how hard it was for me to not drink craved going to garage to get beer or wine to drink to spite her. But I really didn't want to blow it on this so I calmed down and went to SD for peace of mind.  IWNDWYT
This is why many of us have found a community in recovery.  I am in AA - others use smart - refuge recovery...I can only speak for AA but for me I found my tribe.  Me  always the loner I have friends - real friends - way beyond what drinking buddies were.  From them I have learned what to do - and not to do (teachers come in some strange disguises)..The good news is that I am happy and have been for decades.  Not only because I stopped drinking but because I began living.
Oh thank you for your thoughts and insight on this Sunday morning! For me part of letting go of my sadness and regret about how I was living is by giving it over to my higher power. I'm still learning how to do that fully but at least now I see that it is firmly in the territory of  things I cannot change.  
Thanks for your wonderful inciteful post. You really hit the spot and I can relate to everything you have written.  It's one of the reasons I love being a part of SD. We get it. We understand each other. Congratulations on 151 days and best wishes for your continued growth in sobriety. IWNDWYT  
This is a great post.  I can relate on many levels.  Drinking had become a thing that dulled all of life for me.  Addiction is not a good place to be.  I suppose most of us used alcohol as an escape but it destroys every bit of true joy.  Life isn't always easy but I'd much rather be present to experience it.  Happy Sunday!
IWNDWYT
