-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6ty42/before_and_after_life_is_so_much_better_sober/

https://imgur.com/a/Tf0vpcP.Left: 3 years into a heavy daily drinking problem. I hit rock bottom 2 years later...Right: 3 months sober..I won't get into my whole story right now unless someone really wants to hear it but I just want to tell anyone who is listening... IT DOES GET BETTER...I didn't think I could stop I thought I would die drunk and the really sad part is that's what I really wanted. I was so miserable and just tired of life. After a few key events I finally woke up one day and realized that I didn't want to die but I couldn't live like this anymore and I went to rehab...I spent 3 months in rehab and I went back home 2 months ago. I should have 5 months sober this month but I relapsed last month. And you know what? THATS OKAY...By relapsing I remembered why drinking isn't for me. I woke up that morning sick tired dizzy and ashamed. That doesn't undo all of the work I did in my recovery it reinforced it. In recovery I learned that life is so much better sober. I'm not running away from my problems anymore I'm tackling them and I have the strength and energy to do that now because I'm not constantly fucked up or sick. I don't go through my days just going through the motions anymore trying to navigate through the brain fog. I wake up and do everything with purpose now...I'm not saying it's easy it's NOT. It's the hardest thing I've ever done. The damage I did to my friendships relationships mental health physical health and financial wellness was extensive and it's going to take time to repair. That's not even mentioning the legal trouble I got myself into. But being sober is allowing me to work on those things and continuing drink would only make things worse and never better..Also I've lost 22 pounds since July and literally the only change I made was cutting out the booze...You guys can do this! Have faith in yourselves! Get a sponsor or reach out to a community like this when you feel like you need a drink. If no one has told you that they love you today I love you. And I believe in you...One day at a time &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Whoa you look like another person! I suppose becoming sober is kind of like that. Great job.
Congrats! Your attitude on the relapse is amazing so glad you bounced back.  I've experienced relapse myself and I learned and improved my recovery plan. I would love to hear your story if you are willing to share! Stay strong!
Congratulations to your newfound freedom and an awesome outlook! ..I will not drink with you today
This is awesome!! 
You are so much more attractive sober!  Nice work!!  Staying sober with you today!
Well done you strong confident beautiful person. So happy for you    
Love this post thanks for sharing : )
Sobriety looks good on you! Love posts like this. IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT
What a fantastic post very happy for you keep up the good work IWNDWYT
This is so inspiring! Awesome work! ..IWNDWYT! 
you look great now but tbh you looked great back then too lol 
You look fantastic and I really love your positivity and your outlook! 
Amazing! As you said it's not easy but it is worth it. Keep up the good work!
Thank you for sharing. It is so important for us to remember that relapsing is part of the process of becoming sober. IWNDWYT
Cool tattoos!
Congratulations! IWNDWYT 
Your comment about relapse was spot on..Recovery from addiction isn't a straight line from rock bottom to ever lasting sobriety. If you can do that then more power to you but it's a case of improvement by increments for many of us..I'm approaching 30 days soon and I'm already noticing my skin isn't as splotchy as it was and my head doesn't feel like it's perpetually full of cotton wool. I can't wait to get to where you are at!
Congrats you look great sober.
You look fantastic chick keep it upyou are so rite life's better without the booze and fuck ups caused by it!
Congratulations!! You look marvelous!! I will not be drinking with you today  
Love your attitude and strength! Thanks for sharing.  
I feel that a positive attitude and being kind to oneself is so important in beating ones addiction! You Rock and congrats! IWNDWYT 
