-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6vcxc/i_made_a_reverse_todo_list_this_weekend_and_it/

I've had my share of relapses... And I've noticed a pattern when I get back on the wagon of spending my first sober weekend cramming in all the things I've neglected to do and assuring myself I'll get them ALL done in a two day period...The to-do lists never get done... I always overwhelm myself with tons of tasks to complete and at the end of the weekend I feel bummed I didn't finish them all...I didn't want to feel that way this weekend. I had some catching up to do sure... But I didn't want to set myself up with unrealistic expectations that I'm gonna have a perfectly spotless house that even The Queen would appreciate...So I made a "reverse to-do list"... I'd start a task complete it and THEN write it down. ..Tonight I didn't feel like I did much... But I glanced at my list and I actually got a ton of shit done. ..Here's a list of things I did instead of drinking this weekend... And by golly I feel good about it! ..Organized my lazy susan (full of spices and canned goods and all sorts of randos)... Washed dried folded AND PUT AWAY nine loads of laundry deep cleaned my bathroom... washed and changed all the bedding in the house sanitized bath toys... Organized my makeup area... Got a bunch of items to donate cooked a couple awesome dinners and some mediocre lunches... Made Christmas candies... And I have all my stuff prepped and ready for work tomorrow... Oh and checked in here like 47 times. ..Previously I'd still have about ten things I wanted to get done if I pre-made my list... But tonight I'm going to bed sober satisfied and feeling like I did enough. ..Thanks for being here this weekend friends! IWNDWYT!       ..
----------immediate responses--------

Well - that is pretty cool! Putting away one load of laundry is a major win for me!!!!Well done! I like the reverse style of this. I am the master at starting many things - but never finishing....my mantra is to do one thing at a time (until it is finished) and I definitely accumulate more done check marks on my lists!!! Way to go!
&gt; PUT AWAY nine loads of laundry..As someone who is wrapping up three loads now including making two beds WOW. That's impressive. 
I am so trying this. 
I love that idea! I often beat my self up for what I didn't cross off my list. Thank you for sharing I'll be trying that soon. I only did four loads of laundry tonight after work and I'm wiped. You rock! IWNDWYT
