-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6y132/best_friend_doesnt_get_it/

I'm 44 days sober. Completely sober... not a drop. .I've been very honest with my friend about everything tho in the beginning she said that she didn't know I was that bad off and that it had turned into a problem. ..She offered me a glass of wine while I was at her house today. She said "do you want a glass?" ..Of course I want a damn glass... I want the whole bottle and then 2 more bottles after that... ..I was polite and reinforced that "no I won't have a glass because I can't stop drinking once I start...." like I've been trying to tell her for the past month and a half.... ..And getting sober was brutal.. admitting I had a problem was devastating... withdrawal was debilitating... and she knows how much I struggled during that time... I've told her that my sobriety is the single most important thing in my life. No one glass of wine wouldn't get me drunk... but driving to the store and buying more after I left her house would. .I guess I was just hoping that she'd better understand. .The cravings have been bad this evening after all of that... .Sorry for the small rant. Thanks for listening!! .IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
My friend was similar. Told him. He said he would support me and in the same breath he said just drink every other weekend....duh. IWNDWYT 
I've got a friends like that. They just want someone to drink with too. I've even asked some of my real closest for support before and I just didn't hear from those people from then. It's a very hard thing to do but maybe you should let those people go at least in the short term...One of my best friends after I had quit drinking the first time I was very serious put a beer and some other things in front of me at a real moment of weakness and laughed. We were literally talking about me giving up drinking in that moment. It was then I realised this person was not a good friend to me...Not wanting to sound preachy but if others won't support you becoming the best version of yourself are they really the friends you want or need. Perhaps this friend just had a momentary lapse in judgement be very careful it doesn't happen again and seriously consider wether you should be around them.
I'm amazed that you were so strong in that awful moment. You're doing it!..I'd think about limiting the amount of time I spent with that friend if assertively explaining that  just one  is not okay had not been taken seriously.
I have been that  friend' for a long time.  It was never about the other person and always about me.  Plus I suffer from social anxiety so used it to help me relax around people even those I loved most...I'd like to believe that your friend means well but has put their need above yours on this occasion which we are all guilty of.  If this was a one off I would treat it as oversight before rejecting friendship as let's face it friends are hard to find.  On the other hand if this a regular thing that honesty with your friend doesn't stop then I would think twice about face to face contact for a while...IWNDWYTD
Haha! That might help keep me sober. Peppermint Brandy   no thanks...
Alcohol is pretty prominent in all of my friend groups too. There's one group of people in particular who object to sobriety on principle almost. I had a period of about 6 months where I was sober and they took it pretty personally...&amp;#x200B;..Basically they think a) I'm not having fun if I'm not drunk which isn't true b) that everyone is capable of moderation which I'm not. I'll say "I'm not drinking because I don't want a hangover" and they'll say something like "Just have one or two drinks!" not realizing that it's nearly impossible for me to stop myself after two. ..&amp;#x200B;..They also binge drink on a regular basis under the guise of socializing. I'm gearing up to tell them that just because you're drinking fancy cocktails or expensive wine doesn't make it not bingeing if you have five in a night.
Civilians don't have a clue what we go though.  And nor should they lucky bastards.  She was being polite.  I DO think we have to right to ask those we love to please keep in mind that we are different and the rules need to be different.  Were it me in that situation I would have no problem gently explaining that I am sober I cannot and will not drink and I'd appreciate that those I'm open with don't even offer.  
Well that rant was from the soul. Well done for resisting. I can so relate to your description of admitting my problem and then withdrawal. Unless you have been there it is difficult to understand. It does get easier people do (eventually) get the message. Keep strong. One day at a time.
Often I think people are just trying to be nice and let you know they don't judge either way. They figure since they are pouring for themselves they don't want to be rude by not offering to share. It's infuriating because it feels like they are deliberately trying to set us up to fail. Many people and "friends" are trying to make us fail but as long as it's just a simple short offer to share and not pressure to drink it probably only deserves a "no thank you". Since it keeps happening and it's really bothering you it might be worth telling her that it feels like she is deliberately trying to undermine your efforts and you feel disrespected when she keeps offering versus just telling her that you have a problem with drinking. I had to tell my husband that. All the best to you. You are doing great. Vent away!!!
