-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6ygsg/im_having_a_hard_time_today/

Sorry for the rant but that nagging thought of drinking myself to sleep popped up on my drive home from work at 4am so I figured I should share a bit and get it off my chest. ..I don't know how to pick myself up out of this funk I'm in. I'm just plain miserable all the time right now. My family life is shit it's been this way for almost 9 months now. My wife had an affair and we're trying to come back from that. My side of the family can't stand her side now and they don't want anything to do with them. I understand their reasons and they're valid but god damn it it makes my life harder. We just got into an argument while I was at work over my parents not coming to our place for Christmas. ..My work life is shit too. I took a chance at getting a good career that I'm interested in got the training and haven't been able to find work for 2 years. I applied to countless places and kept getting the door slammed in my face. Im slowly coming to terms with admitting this was a failed venture. I'm working some crappy security job that is working me to death and yet I can barely scrape enough money to pay all my bills on time. I can't even apply to other jobs because I'm exhausted. Every single day I'm on the move from when I wake up to when I get home after midnight. It never fucking ends. ..I've been through so much disappointment and failure these last two years I'm not sure how I pick myself up out of bed anymore. I just wish I could see the light at the end of the tunnel. The finish line where things might actually start to turn around. But I just don't see that happening. So each day I just force myself to do everything I need to for my daughter. I refuse to let her have the same childhood with a drunken father that I had. ..I always thought that after a certain amount of time this wouldn't be a problem anymore. But it's still there. Granted it is easier almost all the time but I still have these rough patches that pop back up. I'm struggling right now. But I won't drink no matter what because I know that won't fix anything.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm sorry to hear of your difficulties.  Life is not always kind but by being sober you are not adding more troubles.  Look inside at the person and father you have become over those 3758 days.  That my friend is success!  It may not pay the bills but you are a far richer person than many.  It's a long life good things will happen for you.  I wish you the very best 
Sorry man. Been in a very similar situation and all I can say for sure is that drinking didn't make it better. Just made me a lot slower to get things changed...IWNDWYT 
