-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a6zhfj/i_relapsed_and_ruined_my_life/

That's about it. it took one night to completely ruin my life. I can't breathe I don't know how to fix it I don't know how to pick myself up. The only thing I know is that I can't drink. Just slowly pushing through until I can understand what to do now...This is a reminder to you all thinking about going back to moderating/drinking. Dont do it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Lesley things will be OK.  We've all relapsed chasing that moderation dream.  I had to get involved in a recovery group there are many types available.  No need to go it alone.  Be kind to yourself you don't have to feel like this again.  Stay positive and move forward in your recovery a little bit everyday.  Brighter days ahead for you 
Yep just start there.  It's enough just to stay sober today and tomorrow will come when it does.  I'm sorry you caused so much wreckage.  You're not alone there a LOT of us have damaged our lives to varying degrees.  All I know to tell you is I've seen people who "ruined their lives" work their asses off to get to some pretty good places.  I'm talking people who have spent time in prison are now happy and whole so it's doable.  
Breathe.  again...I've been in AA for a long time and I have heard thousands of fuck up stories.  Some of the most intense included hospitals (medical and psychiatric both) others prison living in cardboard boxes under an overpass the list goes on and on  and **ALL OF THEM MADE IT BACK**  ..#and each recover started with "one day I didn't drink"..and then another and another....
I'm in it too right now.  Having a hard time and have been drinking on and off for about three weeks.  Don't know what to do - that urge comes on and has been winning.  Shitty thing is I have all the tools and seem to ignore them.  
You are still here so there is a solution. My solution is the fellowship of AA. It has given me support through the last few months which had me actually walking the alcohol aisle and stepping into liquor stores to see what I would drink if I were going to drink. ..Support is key. Alone the disease gets the squirrels going in the squirrel cage and then we listen and drink. We need a defense. ..Just think a new year a new way of life. But the best is you only have to not drink today. This hour this minute. The past is the past and we may not have tomorrow. ..IWNDWYT 
Yeah I have been there many times.  Got a few weeks of sobriety under my belt and then decided I could surely handle a drink or two.  It always ended in disaster.  ..No matter how bad things are they won't get better with more drinking and probably will just get better with time...IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
I'm sorry to hear of what you are going through today. I hope you having a way to give yourself some care today. Sounds like it won't come easily...I think it's worth noting that regardless of what happened last night you awakened today knowing you want to make a change and came here for support. I think that says a lot. 
Be kind to yourself today. We are all here for you. I have relied on this sub to lift me encourage me and calm me more times than I can count.   
One day at a time. You only need to worry about today. If I can pick up and start to fix my ruined life anyone can. IWNDWYT 
We are here for you friend. I will not be drinking with you today  
You are all so kind and nice thank you so much for your support. I will not drink with you today. 
It will get better. All the time you've spent sober doesn't go away. Be proud of it. We've all relapsed many times and we get back up. Moderation doesn't work for us. I think of it as  I'll just jump off the plane a little bit  
This was exactly how I felt 5 days ago. It can get better. .IWNDWYT
No matter how bad it got in a single night the question is:..Will drinking today make it better or worse?..I think that you know the answer;..I will not drink with you today.
A better life starts by taking that next step forward. You're worth it. You deserve it. It shouldn't be a surprise when an addict relapses it's a surprise when we *don't.* The chemical dependancy and obsession in the mind of an addict requires constant and daily maintenance. It all begins with the willingness to take that first step...Damage is done yes. However that does not mean life is ruined or it is over. Hold your head up seek help let others be the strength you can't find. This is how I must live every day...You can find happiness in recovery. You're worth it. IWNDWYT
You didn't ruin your life or your recovery. You need to get back on track once your body recovers from this current binge...Relapse is part of recovery. Don't give up. The shame / guilt feelings ease up after a few days. 
I relapsed and ruined my life too. My life was fine before November 3rd. That day out of nowhere I relapsed and binge drank. I haven't been the same since. Every day is filled with deep depression anhedonia or anxiety. I don't know what lever I pulled up in my brain that day but I do feel like my life is over. ..I tried. I do give myself credit for trying. I read all the books recommended here. I did all those daily check ins for years. I set a daily alarm on my phone every fucking day I got off work with the message  Please don't drink  because I used to go to the bar often after work. ..I begged my doctor for Antabuse years ago and she refused to prescribe it for me. Said she was  unfamiliar  with it. I begged her with tears streaming down my face to please prescribe it to me. She said no. ..The alcohol was on edge that day panicking that I might have been able to defeat it. As soon as my doctor said no the alcohol cheered and knew it would be able to sink its claws back into me when I let my guard down. Sure enough it did...I was doing really really well this year besides a few very minor slip ups. Then that binge happened. As far as I'm concerned my life is over. The alcohol got the last laugh. 
Your post was put up 8 hours ago now... How are you doing? Are you okay?   
Thank you OP for helping us all out by reminding us that it's just not worth it. Also you didn't ruin your life! I'll bet almost everyone with years of sobriety under their belt has many a slip up. It's one night and if you learn from it and keep soldiering forward in a very short amount of time it will become a more distant memory as you get back on track. Just learn from it but don't be ashamed because after all you could have never bothered to get sober in the first place! 
IWNDYT. I really hope you don't beat yourself up over this too much. Relapses happen. You're only human. 
Well it can only get better! Also just obstaining from alcohol for a while seems to light a lot of things up. There is always hope. Get back on to the wagon with us! I will not drink with you today. 
Mate all that work DOES NOT vanish with a slip up. You get back on and that horse! 
It's amazing the thing we can get through and how after some time goes by even the hugest of things seem so small. This will too. Sending you love and support... give yourself some extra love and care treat yourself like a friend who isn't feeling well. &lt;3
We all make mistakes. And everyone here has those same stories the ones where you wake up scared and unable to breathe and wondering who you need to apologize to. This group gets it...And now we get to choose to not allow those things to happen because of drinking because we will not drink today. 
I hope you persevere. Iwndwyt
You are here!  We got ya!
