-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a76kcx/learning_to_enjoy_things_again/

This is probably blasphemy but part of why I've relapsed is that I've not been able to recreate the "fun" of drinking. I mean duh it's not fun to see the aftermath but that's what lures me back...People seem to like cooking drawing knitting I dunno. Very little appeals. I've got some video games to get sucked into. This is probably why most people are mindless Netflix zombies. I don't have the willpower to sit through a show or even read a whole book...Finding motivation is hard. I'm on two meds and it's still hard. ..Visiting museums seeing a play... Don't really sound better than relaxing in bed doing nothing. No friends in my city (catch 22)...Sorry for the pity party. My therapist thinks I just haven't found my muse. But anything is better than a hangover...
----------immediate responses--------

It took me a few months to feel genuine motivation to do things. It did come back completely for me!  I don't enjoy all the things I used to but I enjoy some things more (like working out). Hang in there!
I have read that alcohol robs us of our joy and motivation.  I am hopeful that it will return for me too. Until then they say to  fake it until you make it .....so pretend to be enjoying things and eventually the joy will return. I hope.....  Regardless IWNDWYT 
I'd say the only thing you need to be concerned about is staying sober at this point. Don't worry about relaxing in bed doing nothing if that's what it takes to stay sober. 4 days in and I'm pretty sure I was still detoxing which meant nothing besides eating junk and watching junk was fun for me. Even that wasn't fun because I wanted to do more go out etc... but I just couldn't. I will not drink with you today!
Something that was really helpful for me when I first started the long( long long) path to sobriety was realizing and accepting that nothing will ever make me feel quite the way alcohol did. The 2- to 3-drink buzz is pleasurable in a way I'll never experience again and while I struggled to come to terms with that I also recognized that that kind of pleasure always comes with a cost and it's a cost I'm no longer willing to pay...The SMART Recovery cost-benefit analysis tool was what got me on the path of thinking about this - before I used it I don't think I quite understood that I was allowed to feel like alcohol had ever been a positive force in my life. Now I can accept that it made me feel good and that it wasn't worth it.
