-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7pfes/annnnnnnd_im_back_i_think_for_good_this_time/

Been a lurker and periodic sober for a couple years now. Been struggling for a while. Finally listened to "This Naked Mind" as it had been recommended so much on here...That was the message I needed. My addiction stemmed from being brainwashed that in order to be in a social event or a date as an adult you should be drinking. This turned into my brain linking alcohol to being with people. Therefore if I was lonely I should go out and be cool at the bar to meet new people. ..I'm actually furious with myself for allowing myself be tricked by the marketing and social conditioning behind alcohol. We were taught these things in middle school about how tobacco companies used these kinds of marketing techniques to hook users. How did I not see that alcohol used the exact same thing??? I can't believe I let alcohol trick me like this!!..Just a daily reminder for everyone alcohol does not sell you the substance. It is a sleazy car salesman that convinced you your life is incomplete unless you buy the car. Fuck that. Don't let any one/thing convince you that you need them to be happy!..IWNDWYT :)
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in the process of reading it too I'm about half way through and wow really is helping me look at  drinking in a different way!..Although I drank yesterday at a work Christmas party I also caught myself at one point looking around the room smiling internally at the master marketing that had grabbed the whole room and today I have no desire to drink...I'm looking forward to seeing what else it has to offer but it is already helping me look at myself and alcohol in a different way.
The brainwashing is a big element that is under emphasised in most addiction-related material (which solely blames the individual for the most part - a symptom of our Western cultures I think)...Highly recommend the book The Biology of Desire - talks a lot about how the extenuating circumstances of any substance abuse are a huge part of the psychological addiction - and often the primary component of making quitting so hard...Huge congrats on seeing through the illusion. Alcohol is a scam...IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
