-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7uunk/day_67_and_doing_well/

I am a chronic relapser.  I have drank heavily for 30+ years.  Amazingly I am still in pretty good health although I have admittedly caused a lot of pain and suffering for myself my family and close friends...I have managed in the last few years to go from a few days sober up to 8 months.  I think this time is different...When I made it 8 months I was really planning on stay sober for only a year when I expected all my problems would be solved and I would be cured.  In hindsight I am surprised to have made it 8 months with that approach...This time I have acceptanced a few things:..1. I will always enjoy the high of the first drink.  I figured at some point I would "lose" the pleasure of drinking and after many relapses I know I will ***never*** not get a rush from that first drink..2. I will always drink more than a safe amount.  I always over drink.  Always.  It might take a few days of moderate drinking but eventually I will blacking out and fall down stairs hurt people drink and drive or otherwise cause terrible damage.  .3. Shitty outcomes won't stop me from drinking.  When I lost my driver license I didn't care.  I was drinking in a week's time.  When I lost work I didn't care.  I figured I would do something else.  I have never had an experience so bad that I stopped drinking as a result.  Never.  And based on my knowledge that many people drink themselves to death I don't expect this will ever change..4. I finally learned something that made a big difference to me from a Jordan Peterson book (sorry if you don't like him I don't like his right leaning views either).  I listened to his book 12 Rules for Life.  One rule essentially talked about the responsibility for taking care of yourself.  I thought about this a lot.  I am responsible. I am responsible to myself my family and friends and society.  Only one person can stop me from killing myself or someone else - me.  I don't believe in "powerlessness".    I mean yeah when I am binge drinking I am powerless.  But when I am lucky enough to eek out a few days of sobriety I can take steps to assume a little bit more responsibility for my situation each day.  And before I know it I have a foundation of awareness and self-insight to work with.  ..I feel pretty good these days and unlike my 8 month stint previously I never feel a day of white knuckling it.  I know that my rush with alcohol is a thing - I will always get a quick high from that.  However I know it will get shitty fast and I am the person who needs to do something about that.   It's me - I need to do this.  But the good news is I feel that if I just focus on being my own steward for today I can make it through the day.  ..Good news is I'm already having lots of good rewards as a result.  Steady work again.  A girl friend.  I am able to take of my two dogs.  I go to bed knowing where I am and I wake up knowing what I was doing just before I went to bed.  Rewards come quickly in early sobriety.   ..I know 67 days in I sound like I have it all figured out which I know I don't and I never will.  I just feel optimistic that this time I have something that is working for me right now at least.  ..Going to bed now sober.  I look forward to IWNDWYT in the morning!
----------immediate responses--------

I remember having the epiphany this time around that I have NO desire to have  a drink.  I want to get blackout shitfaced wasted - but I have no desire to deal with the consequent hangover argument accident empty bank account new job search  etc. That makes it a lot easier to not be tempted by the first one!
I can completely related to #3 because many people have a  rock bottom' experience based on an outcome where their alcoholism clocked them across the jaw for a knock out punch that was their  rock bottom'.  Alcohol took some much from me but I was the same as #3 where outcomes from my drinking behavior wasn't enough to stop me.  I would make me pause for awhile until the next relapse until it finally defeated me. Instead of a knock out punch I took my alcoholism to the mat and wrestled with it until it just absolutely made me tap out. It completely defeated me by just making everything miserable enough that I tapped. That was my moment. IWNDWYT thanks for sharing!
Thanks for your post. It is very encouraging. IWNDWYT   
What a post. I was so hooked in the beginning I took my headphones out and read out loud..I understand that all it takes is that first drink. Like you said some moderation at first but it always leads to drinking all the time again. This is my first shot at sobriety but all my life I kept fucking up things enough we're I would stop/slow down. Until I was back on my feet. It always leads back downhill once I started drinking again. It's an inevitable pattern of my alcoholism. .I know you know just wanted to share my feelings on it. Alcohol is a sin to my mind body and soul. Don't reset again buddy. Love yourself 
Excellent post.  Your points are spot on.  Thank you for sharing this.  IWNDWYT.
