-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a7zknb/dont_ruin_christmas_this_year/

This Christmas you could drink ..You could start a fight with a family member..You could be the topic of conversation for the next family gathering ..You could disappoint your children your wife your husband or your parents..You could permanently damage the relationships that mean the most to you..You could make a fool of yourself and embarrass those who love you most..Or maybe after all this time you've finally learned to  moderate ..So you drink and leave everyone worrying if you'll go too far..Maybe there is a successful way to drink and why should you abstain if that's the case? After all you've earned it right?..Instead you could decide to hold off on drinking..You could be present for every moment of laughter love and chaos..You could make your family proud..You could be a calm warming presence instead of a mercurial unpredictable one ..When the inevitable turmoil ensues you can be the peace maker rather than the instigator..You could be the father mother brother sister son or daughter that you would really like to be..Oftentimes being sober on the holidays gets us thinking about how much we're missing; this Christmas instead take a moment to consider all you might gain by not picking up the bottle this time..I won't be drinking this Christmas for the third year in a row and I hope that some of you will choose to join me. It will be inevitably difficult but when the normal post-holiday shame and guilt is replaced with confidence and pride you will know that the struggle was worthwhile..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

when i drank i was a self centered jerk over the holidays (really most of the time though.)  this will be my 11th sober christmas and while i can still be self centered i try extra hard over the holidays to put others first.  and what do you know i'm the one who benefits. always.  
Thank you so much for this post.  I've done all those things on your list.  This will be my 3rd Christmas also.  I wish you the very best this holiday season!
Great post! I will not drink with you on Christmas! Thanks for all the good reminders and fresh perspective! 
Thanks for sharing this... I needed a good reminder(s) as to why I shouldn't drink this holiday season in particular Christmas.  The first 5 points you made all spoke to me directly- I've done every single one of those things during previous Christmas's.  I've already started the negotiating in my head as to why I can moderate... but in reality I know I can't and I've never wanted to moderate in the first place...IWNDWYT!
Only day 3 but if it all goes according to plan it will be my first ever sober Christmas ... in 30 years! One day at a time x 
Great post. I will not be drinking this Christmas.
Thanks for posting and IWNDWYT or on Christmas!
Thank you this is a beautiful post. I wish you all a Merry Christmas. I look forward to Christmas morning with a clear head. Driving around at night to see the lights. Giving my kids memories of Christmas at home being a place of warmth safety and security. I'm going to join you in IWNDWYthisholiday!
Merry Xmas pal. Great post  
Thank you so much for this post
Might be the best post I've read on here. Thank you for sharing that and giving me some added confidence and strength to get through my first sober Christmas. It won't be easy but I'm gonna save this post and read it everyday...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you thank you thank you. Here's to a truly memorable Christmas for you and yours...IWNDWYT
I'm determined to not have a hangover this year while my kids open presents. IWNDWYT. 
I'm greatful to have read this. Thank you.
IWNDWYT
I need to print this out and read it all next week. Thank you 
Thank you here I am procrastinating packing to go home for the holidays. I read this with tears. I needed this.
Great reminder going into the holiday weekend! IWNDWYT
Thank you! I've saved this. This year will be a self-respect infused quality Christmas that walks its talk.
Good stuff! Thank you.
Very nice. 
Thanks for that honest post and Iwndwyt and hopefully not on Xmas day either.
[removed]
Needed to read this. Been debating for a few weeks about whether I should just have the one drink christmas day.. just one. Which is a lie.  One drink is too many and a thousand is never enough 
I can't wait to log in on the 26th to see all the stories of everybody who EXPERIENCED Christmas.
This post really speaks to me. Cant wait to join you all in a sober Holiday! 
I like you won't be drinking for the 3rd Christmas in a row. Thank you for the reminder of what not to do!
Wow. This shook me to my core. Thank you.
I'm going to keep this in mind.
Im in.  Your post is awesome prep for the holidays.
My moms family used to have a big party for all the relatives but then two people got into a huge drunken fight over accusing someone of cheating at euchre. That was when I was a kid. We haven't had a get together since. I want to start doing them but tell my family no alcohol because we have so many people who drink way too much
Beautifully said...I will be joining you this Christmas in not drinking. My first time in 18 years...Thank you for some added inspiration. ..
Your post reminded me that I've hit the 8 month mark today! I've already gone to a couple holiday things and have a couple more left. I was there this time! Really there! A couple awesome things different about this year....your post really got me thinking...Me and my girl had a blowout over her missing an event. But it finally wasn't my fault! I didn't hide in my haze we worked it out and things are great!..My family was proud! Someone said I look stronger somehow without a beer in one hand and a shot in the other!..I had extra money to get all the new nieces and nephews something to open!..The best part which I didn't expect when I quit....you wake up feeling great having seen all those smiley people ....and my god is it uplifting not having to wonder why you were such a jackass or said something so stupid or worse did something you can't remember and have to apologize or justify it anyway. ..To me I feel the magic again this year after having lost it so long ago.....Thank you all for being an inspiration toast a glass of fizzy water and I hope your people are as happy to see you living life!
Great post. I'm really looking forward to the DUIs I'm not going to get. 
I love this. Thanks for posting!
Great post.   This will be my first sober Christmas since 1989.
Thank you for the post!  IWNDWYT!!!
