-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8036u/after_a_bad_relapse_i_am_100_sober_today_and/

So I've had problems with alcohol on and off since I began drinking but at the beginning of the year I was sober for 7 months 4 days. 4th of July got me. After that I was just drinking maybe every other weekend but slowly it progressed. The last 2 months I've drank almost every single day and the last two weeks I've been drinking all day everyday. Even going to work under the influence. (Thank God I didn't get caught). Well Monday night my friend came over with a bottle of rum and lets just say it was bad. I had to call in on Tuesday. But that's when I decided I was done. I was going back to sober me. The only problem is I was withdrawing.... bad. Tuesday night I finally gave in and had a drink. Just two small ones. But it helped calm me down enough I could eat. But that night was BAD. You know the feeling.  You think you might have a heart attack. You feel anxious. You're shaking so bad you can barely hold your phone. Well Wednesday I was going to go cold Turkey but by 2 pm I thought I might not be able to detox on my own without medical help. I could barely walk at this point I was so shaky. I'm sure my blood pressure and heart rate were in very unhealthy ranges. Thanks to what I read on here I decided to ease myself off it since medical rehab wasn't an option. Very slowly throughout the rest of the day I had a few beers. Last night was the worse night of sleep. I was waking up in cold sweats and still feeling panicked but today I have not had anything to drink and I have been able to type this whole thing with no problem. I'm sure my heart rate and blood pressure are still high and I was a little shaky putting on my mascara today but besides that I'm good! I can make it through today! ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..Oh my gosh. It's not worth it guys. As I was laying there I couldn't believe I had gotten myself this bad again. Just since 4th of July! and only extreme drinking the last two months. It's crazy how fast it takes you down. And I swear it gets faster and faster each time I go back...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..DAY 1: IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!!!  Proud of you for doing this.  I know how difficult it is to make it through withdrawals and the first initial days of sobriety.  Wishing you the best you can do this.  I won't drink with you today.
The hardest and scariest part is done!  Congratulations!..My last recovery was much the same.  Not just feeling a bit on edge but full-fledged "I might need to go to the hospital".  I bumbled through slowly reducing maintenance drinking for a few weeks (because I kept screwing up and grabbing a pint of vodka after my maintenance dose) but I got there in the end and holy crap I never want to go through that again...Thank you for sharing and reminding me that I don't miss it at all.  If I ever take another drink there are only two options:  I'll either drink myself to death in misery or I'll have to go through those withdrawals again.  Neither sounds like something I want to do...I will not drink with you today.
IWNDWYT!!!
I recently went through the same.. Moved out of my apartment to a house and had to sign some paperwork was so glad to move out of bad memories in the apartment that the day I had to sign the paperwork for the house I was shaking so badly because I decided I wanted a new life without alcohol the day before I simply couldn't do it. It looked so bad to everyone in the room.... Good lucj
I too WNDWYT. 
Thanks for sharing I am contemplating drinking this week but this helps. Good luck friend you will feel better soon. 
IWNDWYT
Good for you. I'm rooting for you. Hangin there. IWNDWYT
When I have relapsed it is always scary how fast I go from drinking on one occasion to getting plastered everyday earlier and earlier in the afternoon. Thanks for the post I saved it and I hope I read it in the future if I have a drinking itch. 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
