-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a856u5/secret_santa_close_call/

So yesterday was the work gift exchange and unbeknownst to me my biggest test since I quit drinking...My person got me all sorts of mini bottles of whiskey!  It was (weirdly) encouraged by our company to get each other booze.  Someone I've never met pulled my name and went nuts with the liquor.  I'm not mad at them or the company I don't broadcast my sobriety.  But GOOD GOD was that a difficult test.  I've been around alcohol in stores in bars at friends' and it's been totally fine.  There's an understood little force field keeping me from buying alcohol for myself I know I shouldn't and it's a very very bad idea.  HOWEVER when it was gifted to me it was *mine.*  Sitting under my desk within arms length waiting to be drank.  It's playing out in my head.  I can chug these at lunch and have a fun buzz.  I haven't drank in months I'll probably get a lot of mileage out of these mini bottles *my* mini bottles.  I was having a particularly stressful day at work I earned these mini bottles.  I caught myself.  I knew I had to get these things out of my sight asap.  My car is a bad option too tempting.  Could be a good re-gift but I don't want these things near me.  I ended up handing them to one of my favorite co-workers and avoided crisis/relapse...But boy was that shit HARD.  I'm not one to complain to the company to be the squeaky wheel that dries up the gift exchange for the responsible #winemoms I work with.  But it did suck to be put on the spot and reveal my situation to some people that day unprompted unprepared.  It threw me into a TERRIBLE mood.  Luckily I'm sort of an open book and don't mind telling people I had/have a problem with booze.  More than anything the whole experience was just draining.  I was still reeling from it today.  The people at work don't get it my family doesn't get it I really felt the need to share it with you people who I know get it...&amp;#x200B;..Gifted found bought or stolen... IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Great work that must have been so difficult...I think the coolest part of this is you catching yourself. How long did you stay in your bad mood for? When you got out of your mood hopefully you realized that if you handle that situation you are strong enough to handle many more.
You made it! That was a big challenge. Would have been for me. Be proud!
Ugh yes this would be very difficult.  Great job on giving it all to a co-worker right away!!
Well done and thanks for the story. ...Those damn mini bottles. It's like a snack-drink that doesn't really count toward your calories or in this case your drunkenness right? Just a tiny little sip in a tiny little bottle. Like it didn't even happen. Then you wake up tomorrow and it definitely happened. .
Well done. That's the kinda crap that we gotta be prepared for...but how do we prepare to be caugt off guard. ..So impressed that you came out of the situation with just a bad mood and not a relapse. ..Keep processing the event. It's all a part of long-term success.
Good on you JP. We absolutely do get it. Congrats on a major non-drinking victory! Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
This group is absolutely awesome. I thank God for it. I keep getting the  just a little bit  response when I tell people I don't want to drink. Sometimes they'll reassure me I do t have a drinking problem. I want to respond but I don't - that's because I tended to drink alone in my garage until 2 am. We can do it!  You've passed a big test here. I hope today is easy for you!
IWNDWYT
"I've been around alcohol in stores in bars at friends' and it's been totally fine. There's an understood little force field keeping me from buying alcohol for myself I know I shouldn't and it's a very very bad idea."..THIS. This is me. I can buy lottery tickets at the liquor store and I'm not tempted (the same liquor store around the corner that fed my addiction) I can watch my wife drink at events and I really don't care. Nobody has gifted me my very own bottle of alcohol YET but just thinking about it sounds like a mental tailspin. You didn't buy it you never intended to drink at all which is why you don't buy any type of alcohol...but someone who your addiction tells you is a martyr bought it lol ..GOOD FOR YOU! Super proud. For real. .
