-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8afi7/i_am_the_only_person_that_gets_bothered_when/

I think its because disease makes it sound like not drinking cures your alcoholism and it is strictly pathological. I like calling it 'Alcohol Dependence' because it describes what was going on at the time and then the struggles of staying sober...This is me just ranting about words have a good morning and IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

I don't really care what you all here choose to call it.  No one in my life calls me an alcoholic or thinks I have a disease so the terms you all like or don't like have very little impact on me.  As long as it works for you and your sobriety I am cool with it.
I don't like the term either like it is something you catch from touching a door knob. I just simply call it what it is a substance addiction. 
Plenty of diseases are chronic and can't be cured- ie: diabetes.
it's called a disease because when the first alcoholics anonymous book was written in the 30s the authors had to convince the readers alcoholics and non alcoholics alike that it wasn't a matter of willpower. the book says that when alcohol enters the body of an alcoholic an allergy occurs in which they react different than a man not afflicted with the allergy. that's one of the cornerstones of getting and staying sober that alcoholics can't drink or use like normal men no matter their socioeconomic status their desire to control their drinking any fail safes they put in place etc. so that's why they call it a disease to distinguish it from a problem of willpower. 
To me it's better than people saying alcoholism is a choice like anyone would choose addiction. One may initially choose to use a substance but not what it becomes. 
I think the a lot of medical and scientific field still debates wether it is a disease or not. Either way you look at it is pretty much considered a legit mental illness and a diagnosable condition. Some people are born with predispositions to it due to brain chemistry or behavioral influences. People with your opinion Seem to think that if we consider it a disease you are automatically absolving all blame from that person from having the condition. The definition of what a disease is has nothing to do with how it was caused. Diabetes is considered a disease yet we all know in many cases it is due to years of personal choices and behaviors. Cancer is a disease yet it can be caused by things we do over time as well or outside influences out of our control. Alcoholism is similar in that sense do we blame depressed people for their own depression in every case?
I agree to me it is an addiction like other things can be.
People with alcoholism have different neural pathways related to their reward system - how dopamine gets released used and reused. It also has a ton of other affects on the brain and even shrinks certain areas but some of those changes are reversible at least to some extent with continued sobriety. Those pathways in the reward system are permanent. They will always be there. ..Alcoholics have physically different brains than non-alcoholics. That's a big part of the disease model of alcoholism. So it's actually the opposite of what you're saying. Quitting drinking doesn't cure the underlying physical problem of alcoholism. Quitting drinking also doesn't cure the underlying psychological and social issues that the alcoholic was trying to self-medicate for. The underlying physical addiction to alcohol will always be there for an alcoholic no matter how long they go without a drink. And those underlying psychological and social problems will still be there...As far as our brains are concerned drinking was a solution. We felt a certain way or had certain problems and drinking  fixed  them. It also triggered our internal chemical reward system so it  fixed  those problems *and* we felt really good when we did it. ..On an evolutionary level we are wired to remember strategies that  work.  Our brains don't care about the long term consequences of drinking or what it was *actually* doing to us and our lives. Our brains just know that it was a survival strategy that  worked  and that it made us feel awesome. Our brain is deeply concerned with remembering possible survival strategies because on a deep level it wants to help us remember anything and everything that can help us survive...So alcoholics have fundamentally different brains whether you consider those brains diseased or not. And it's a lot like Type II diabetes and other diseases where there is a lifestyle component to the development of the disease and the management of it. ..I have a chronic illness that requires me to take some heavy duty medication to manage it. I have to watch the amount of rest that I get. I have to keep my weight within a healthy range and exercise regularly. Having the disease doesn't mean that I don't have personal responsibility to manage it it just means that I have an underlying physical condition that I can't change or get rid of.
Maybe we just say  Houston I've got a problem  
I don't think the word alcoholism itself is bad i just really don't like all of the negative connotations that are tied to it. I feel like the terms Alcohol Use Disorder and Alcohol Dependence are less subjective. 
I think about this a lot. My father is a recovering alcoholic of over 30 years. He is very active in AA. As a young girl I was always told the signs and also that I had all the genetic markers for the disease. ..One thing he has always said is alcoholism is a progressive disease. He has went as far to say if you quit drinking it doesnt matter the disease progresses anyway. I think what he is saying is the only treatment is AA. That bothers me always has. Like even if you quit you are screwed. What?!
Yes I read a post yesterday where someone in all caps HATED THIS DISEASE AND WHAT IT WAS MAKING HIM DO. I can't really get down with that and it bothers me. I then closed that window haha. IWDWYT!
I agree. I have always enjoyed Marc Lewis outlook on the debate that its a " behavioural problem not a medical..affliction". ..That said whatever peoples outlook or belief as long as they get sober and overcome their addiction than thats all that matters. Thats the single most important thing.
I am an alcoholic and I make my own choices. I make my own decisions. No ones fault but mine. It's not a disease it's an addiction. 
The DSM V does not even use the word alcoholism.  However there are substance use and alcohol use disorders.  I am fine with those terms.  The term disease is outmoded too in terms of mental health and  addictions.  Bottom line it is recognized as a medical condition.
