-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8kpd8/relapsed_again/

Managed to convince myself and girlfriend I could drink in moderation...It was fine we had stocked on on some low percentage champagne and I got my self a beer for the football game...I was too full to have my beer after a huge dinner so it sat in the fridge for days along with the champagne...The Mrs went to work yesterday and locked up the champagne for her piece of mind but I was left the beer...Drank the beer then someone else took over and walked 4 miles to get a bottle of vodka drank almost the whole thing and passed out when I got home and I think I have just ruined Christmas my partner now has Zero faith left in me to change...I'm fine as long as I don't have one but I find it so difficult as I just long to be normal so bad especially this time of year...I bought a copy of the naked mind months ago and I'm going to read it as I have no job thanks to living in the middle of no where and no prizes for guessing how I lost my licence...I was sober for a good week and I was so happy and I've just ruined it again...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back for another try. Trying again is all we can do! On this next one at least you'll know that moderation is not part of the deal right?
You have not ruined Christmas.  It's still a few days away...I'd just tell her your experiment at moderation failed.  Now you know it's not an option...Today is a new day.  ..&amp;#x200B;
Been there. Breaking promises suck.  Shake it off if you can and chalk it up to a learning experience: for some of us there is no such thing as safe drinking the compulsion for more takes over. 
Alcohol is a sneaky addictive asshole. Try not to beat yourself up too much about failing at moderation. You're up against an extremely powerful enemy. ..You said your girlfriend has zero faith left in your ability to change but what about your own faith in you? Start there and then worry about other people. ..This Naked Mind was very helpful for me I definitely recommend reading it. ..One day at a time friend. IWNDWYT
We "don't shoot our wounded" here. Dust yourself off and keep it going forward. ..I found I needed to eliminate all alcohol (regardless of the percentage of alcohol) from my home and avoid people places and things i associated with drinking especially early on. Sounds tough but it helps avoid the regret and guilt and shame that comes from ending the sober streak. ..It is the first drink that kicks off the spree. If I dont start with the first drink I dont get drunk.
I've posted this quote a couple of times from AA about moderation.  I think it hits home in many ways.  ..&gt; "No person likes to think he is bodily and mentally different from his peers. Therefore it is not surprising that (many alcoholics') drinking careers have been characterized by countless vain attempts to prove they could drink like other people. The idea that somehow someday they will control and enjoy their drinking is the great obsession of every problem drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many people pursue it to the gates of insanity or death." ..I also tried moderating more than once.  Each time it was a failure and each time I went right back to the bad behavior.  I never wanted one drink.  I will never want just one drink.  I wanted as many as I felt like having.   Finally one day (with a monstrous hangover of course) it really just hit me like a ton of bricks:  I cannot moderate.  I have an addiction and addictions cant be controlled.  I accepted this fact.  No judgement.  Acceptance.  Normal abnormal alcoholic etc...just words.   I am a person who simply cant drink alcohol.  It's how Nature designed me.  Im right handed too.  I had no say in that decision either.  ..The good news (better news really) is that addictions can be eliminated and there's no need to reinvent the wheel to do it.  Whether it's AA SMART (thats what I used) another recovery program following a self-help book participating in this sub or whatever there's a well-trodden path to move forward.  ..I havent had a drink ever since that day of acceptance and I have never felt better.  ..The sting of recent events will pass soon and I'll make a safe bet that your SO will still be supportive.   Remember though action walks and BS talks!  Happy Hols to you!
You're back. Reflect learn and apply your learning to this day and those that follow. We're human (and we're drunks) there is bound to be mishaps. You have the power to create the life you want. Hold your head up high and power through. Christmas is on Tuesday you can start redeeming yourself today. Lots of luck to you!
You still have those seven days.  I like not to think about "ruining" a streak but rather interrupting it learning from whatever happened and right back to it.  Christmas is a few days away.  Still time to make it a great one. 
You are not alone.  We are here to lift you up.  All of us have felt the way you do today.  In October I could t get out of bed and I had severe suicide ideation.  My mind was so fucked up.  My life is not perfect but be good to yourself and take care of yourself today.  I won't drink with you today.
I did almost exactly the same thing last weekend (ignore my badge I need to change that). I am using an app called Quit Drinking with Andrew Johnson to change my subconscious mind about alcohol. So far I feel confident that I am an ex drinker. We got this! 
The old adage is true for many of us....one is too manya 1000 is never enough. 
