-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8lwkq/everything_suffers_when_youre_an_alcoholic/

Someone said this to me many years ago (a recovering alcoholic actually) and it has stuck with me ever since. Nothing could be more true. When I'm in the throws of my addiction everyone and everything around me has to suffer - my health my home my children my cats my coworkers my friends and family my finances...everything! I could see it happening every time I decided to go on a binge and with each passing year the shame was slowly eating me alive. I knew what I was doing was selfish and shitty but I just couldn't stop. ..I've finally mustered the strength to stop but it has taken me almost three years to get to where I'm at right now. For me it wasn't enough to just stop drinking and go to AA. I would relapse over and over and dig my hole a little deeper each time. What made the difference for me was enlisting the support of mental health professionals. People don't drink the way I do because everything is OK upstairs.  I was suffering inside and my ways of coping led to the suffering of others. Once I made this connection and started to take my mental health more seriously things started to get a little easier. I'm certainly not out of woods and I'm not sure I ever will be entirely but I've drastically reduced the amount of suffering in my life right now and I am thankful for that. ..Staying strong for myself my loved ones and all of you. Thanks for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Mental health is highly underrated.  ..IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Nice work on three weeks!
True statement!..I will not drink with you today
MissFig congratulations on 3 weeks!!!     hang in there it does get easier the longer we go.  
You go! I have had an extremely similar experience....it feels good to slowly put the  pieces  together and time together!!! We got this   
That's great progress. Best to you... AA has published a new pamphlet with stories of dual-diagnosis members and their sponsors.  ..https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-87_AAforAlcoholicswithMentalHealthIssues.pdf
Thank you!  I agree completely!  ..IWNDWYT
Reducing the amount of suffering is a really good comment..I thi k that we all suffer but to be able to voluntarily reduce it gives us power!!
IWNDWYT
