-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8s8cw/my_brother_was_pretty_active_on_this_thread_he/

Hi everyone ..I apologize if this isn't the right type of thing to post on here. I'm not very familiar with reddit ettiquite. I have come to find my brother (u/Lucidskyy) was quite active on here and confided in a lot of you for advice and support with his alcoholism and depression. ..He ended his life in November after a two year battle with alcoholism and a lifelong battle with anxiety &amp; depression. Shortly after his death I stumbled upon his reddit page and am so happy to see how much support everyone on this subreddit has. Please continue to confide in one another and share your journey and struggle. Feeling alone can be so crumbling to a person's soul. I wish for you all to know that help does exist and it can get better. No matter how many times you fall it's okay. It's about how you get back up. Don't stay down don't give up it never had to be the end. ..Thinking of everyone on this subreddit through the Holidays which I'm sure can be an incredibly difficult time and sending you additional strength in your journey to sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi cmitro. I'm very sorry for your loss. I'm sorry you've lost a brother and that we've lost a fellow sobernaut. I can see that he tried in the face of his mental health issues and struggles with addiction. I'm sorry he didn't make it.  ...Much love to you. I lost someone to this too. Thinking of you and u/Lucidskyy...&amp;#x200B;..Talie
I am so very sorry for your loss.  My brother took his life as well due to his addictions so I understand the pain and helplessness you are feeling.  There's a lot of things I feel I could write but I want you to know it's not your fault and there is nothing you could have done to stop it.  I will prayer for you your family and also for your dearly departed brother Lucidskyy who is now at peace and free from the demons which haunted him for so long.  
I'm so sorry for your loss. Your kind words really mean a lot!  Thank you!   
I am so sorry for your loss. Nothing hits home more than the loss of a brother. One year ago I lost mine to subside i wish I could say I am doing fine but that would be a lie. I loved him! His pain is my pain. But my life is better because he was a part of it! 
[removed]
It is really a (more than) decent of you to post this. You chose to reach out despite such a tragedy and wrote about something that I need to watch for.. loneliness does creep up on a person. .Truly sorry for your loss. I hope you are able to find some peace in your heart soon. May your brother RIP.
Ohhhh... That's so sad. ..I have a heavy heart for you and your family. It's so kind of you to let us know. I keep an eye on lots of people I connect with here and fret if they seem to disappear...Thank you for your compassionate words of encouragement. May your brother find the peace and release he was searching for...Sending a wave of love your way.     
Thank you for your post. I lost a very close family member in this way eight years ago and appreciate your words. Best wishes to you. 
God bless you and your family you are very brave and dignified. So sad to be reading this hope he is somewhere divine without pain or suffering. Thank you for reaching out on here to let us know and remind us of what a serious deadly disease we are battling. You are in my prayers...  
I am sorry for your loss. May his light shine bright and give you strength.
My deepest sympathies to you and your family on the very sad loss of your brother. I hope that you can find some peace in the knowledge that his struggles are now over. May he rest in peace.
So sorry for your loss and wishing love and support to overcome your grief..Depression and drinking such a double whammy.Look after yourself 
I'm so sorry for your loss. 
I'm sorry for your lost.  
I know what it is like to lose a sibling my heart goes out to you. Thank you for your message you are kind beyond words - much love x
I'm so sorry for your loss my thoughts go out to you and your family.
Sorry so much for your loss.  Gut wrenching to hear that your brother was in that much pain. As a Dad of 3 it hits me when thinking of his little girl growing up without him.  Big hugs to you and your family.  Thanks for posting. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. Peaceful thoughts for you and your family.
Thank you and I'm so sorry about your brother. 
Oh I'm so so sorry. That makes my heart so heavy. Sending you peace.   
I am so sorry for your loss. I hope you and your family have a peaceful holiday season. Blessings to you all as well.
I'm sorry for your loss and thank you for commenting in this subreddit
So sorry for your loss. Wishing you some peace during this difficult holiday season. May your brother rest in peace.
Wow I am so sorry for your loss...I can say without a doubt that more than one person reading this (including myself) has been moved to consider his (or her) own demons during this difficult season.  Thank you for posting this.
I am so sorry for the grief you carry. You can tell how much you loved your brother. Thank you so much for sharing this here.  
I'm so sorry for your loss. I pray that you find peace in this turbulent time.
My condolences.
I am really sorry for your loss.  It's a sad reminder of the high stakes battle we are all fighting with alcohol.   Thank you for posting this and I hope you and your family can find peace
I am so sorry to hear this. Thank you for sharing and finding encouragement to give others in such a rough time. That is incredibly generous of you. 
Sorry for your loss cmitro. 
So incredibly sorry for your loss. The loneliness one can feel within is so terrible and unbearable at times even when you have great people in your life.  I'm sorry for your pain and I wish you your family and especially your brother peace 
So sorry to hear this news.  
Thank you so much for turning your loss into hope for others here.  I've been where your brother has been and reading this reminds me how I must never give up. Thank you for your strength. Take care.
Very sad I'm sorry for your loss. I hope you and your family can heal and get through the festive period together.
I am so very sorry.  My heart aches for your family.  Thank you for letting us know.. 
I am sorry...I just lost my sister 17 months ago to alcohol and Xanax. She was/is my world. Honestly it has gotten harder for me each day without her; but I try to live for both of us now...It seems a lot of people here have lost siblings and can understand how you feel...But no one has said this yet and I bet we all feel the same about it:..If you are a brother or sister or have a sibling- they would love nothing more than to help you before this happens even if it was just listening. They love you so much and would hate feeling like you couldn't come to them for advice or a shoulder to cry on...It's hard to live without my sister; and I still have a brother but it's hard to let him know me like my sister did with out the feeling of being judged. Ever since she died he calls me every week and I let him in a little bit more but it's the hardest to reach out. I just keep telling myself not to shut everyone out bc they can't be her for me. I keep telling myself I wish my sister would have told me some of the things I found in her video diaries. I keep telling myself don't do that to my brother...It's different when you plan the rest of your live knowing you will loose some friends or grandparents or parents when you yourself get older; but you never plan on your sister not being a bridesmaid or raising children together or talking about body changes or marriage. It changes your whole future.
I'm so incredibly sorry for your loss. Losing a loved one to suicide is agony. I lost a parent to suicide in June of this year and I found the Suicide Bereavement sub to be a great resource. If you ever need to talk feel free to shoot me a message.  
Blessings to you in your grief. IWND today in honor of your brother.
Knee is bent. He will be missed.
Thank you for digging deeper into your brother's life and posting your comments.  Your interest and comments are helpful to many of us and I hope our responses bring you some healing moments.
I'm sorry for your loss. I'm blown away honestly. Thanks for your support- this time of year is super hard for all of us.
Thank you for posting. It means a lot. May he rest in peace.  
I'm sorry for your loss.
I am so very sorry for your loss and so amazingly touched that you would come here to say that to all of us. You made me tear up. 
This is so beautiful. Thank you for posting. .I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending love and light to you and your family  
So sorry for your loss. May he rest in peace!
I'm so sorry for your loss.
So sorry for your loss.
I am sorry for your loss. Live life to the fullest in his memory.
I am sorry for your loss. I too have just lost someone Oct 28. My wife of 20 years. ..The hard part is for me to stay sober since I have struggled with alcohol addiction for years and she was always there and helped me to understand addiction. I really feel like I am just clinging onto life right now without her. It's hard to really care about being alive without her here. ..If I fall I know it will kill me. If I haven't already done some kind of  irreversible damage. 
Words can never express the loss of a loved one nor relieve the anguish. Know that he is just one step ahead in a cycle that we all must go through and that he and you are loved. One of the most horrific experences is the be the one left behind. Live your life to the fullest in honor of your brother and know he will be participating in it. Alcohol took my best friend as well for that i will never consume it or give it purchase in my life again. Now is the best time for you to turn grief into power what would your brother want for you? Take care
My condolences and thanks to you and your bother.  RIP.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Anxiety and depression are no joke I am always worried I will get a call about my brother and the thought of it is hard to comprehend. They both run pretty strong in my family and addiction loves to latch to people suffering from either and even more so with those dealing with both. My heart goes out to you it must be so difficult to experience what you are going through right now and very strong of you to post and share here...Sending all my love to you during these difficult times     :(
I am sorry for your loss praying for your family and you peace for your brother 
Oh my goodness. I wrote this in the middle of the night last night while struggling to sleep. I logged on today to all your beautiful messages and I am blown away. You truly are all angels. Seeing your comments knowing you shared his struggle makes me feel so close to all of you while also tugging at my heartstrings to know some of you have also faced the loss my family is trying to cope with right now. It also makes me feel not so alone. ..I'm going to spend Christmas Eve and day with my parents my brothers wife and young daughter. I will be sharing all your messages with them. I will thank you all in advance for bringing some warmth into my parents home during this dark time. I can guarantee your condolences will warm their souls. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. Thank you for posting here. 
I am so sorry for your loss. We try to raise each other up on here. I am sorry we couldn't help your brother more.
I'm so sorry for your loss bud. Will pray for you tonight 
Thank you for sharing with us. I am so sorry for your loss. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. :(
Sorry for your loss.
You are a good brother and I'm so sorry for your loss. Each day I sort of wait for confirmation that my uncle has died of alcoholism and thats what led me here and made me scale back to the point where I've been 7 months sober out of both fear and responsibility to my newlywed wife. I was ashamed of it all for so long until I found this community and it gave me words of support every day when people would laugh at my decision despite knowing why. Thank you all from the deepest part of my heart.
Oh I'm so sorry for your loss. Addiction and mental illness (anxiety depression etc) often go together. I'm so sorry your brother wasn't able to find the peace and healing he was looking for. Please take care of yourself. Grief is damn hard. Grieving a loss due to suicide is deeply traumatic. Sending you lots of internet stranger hugs and many peaceful wishes. 
I am so sorry to hear about your brother. Sending love x
I feel the pain in your words.  My heart goes out to you.  I have lost too (i.e. my son).  Your Brothers friends wish you only the best. 
Thank you so much for letting us know about your brother. Sending you and family prayers of healing.
Holidays are a bad time for people with depression or SAD. I saw a tweet the other day that said something like "I went into my brothers room and was blown by the state of it he said he was depressed and I called it an excuse. They pulled his body out the river 3 days later. LISTEN WHEN PEOPLE SPEAK". Keep an eye on your family and friends year-round but look twice during the holidays.
I am so sorry for your loss but so inspired by your courage to share your feelings here today.  May your strength rain down upon those who need it (like me) this holiday season. 
Very sad and sorry  thank you for your words and for let us know about your beloved brother. 
I've been drinking since 17 and now almost 50. 99% of the problems in my life have been because of alcohol. The depression is terrible. I'm feeling its taking control of my life and need to stop. Ive had nothing since Saturday and have read lots of self help books over the last few days . I'm going to try to keep this going into the new year because of my son who took my cans of drink and hid them the last time he came to visit me. Hes 7 years old. I asked him why and he said he hated seeing me drunk. I really never knew he had seen me drunk as I always tried to hide it. My parents always drank too much and Im sure this has effected me in my adult life. Drinking to excess and not knowing what ive done etc... ..anyways just getting it out there.
My heart goes out to you /u/cmitro. I am very sorry to hear about your loss. Thank you for sharing this sad news and for the encouraging words.   
I'm so sorry to hear this. Especially with a little girl that's heartbreaking   .I'm a psych major and my goal is to try to help people like your brother. Struggling with addiction depression ptsd you name it so I can help heal families. My hubby and I have a 1 year old and 2 year old and I can't even imagine what his wife must be going thru. That poor girl not ever having her daddy again!! Like everyone else here my heart goes out to your family. So so sorry.
I love you.
