-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8twci/depressed_as_fuck_but_eight_weeks_sober/

I'm feeling very low today. Remorse over my drinking years all the humiliations moral failures wasted time and money etc. I went on a run and meditated but still feel shit. I have no urge to drink (I know that will just make it worse) but I feel like human garbage. I've been trying to quit seriously for over a year and have had a few relapses. But I'm trying to cheer myself up so I am reminding myself......1. I am eight weeks sober which for a chronic alcoholic is nothing to shirk at...2. In the past twelve months I've spent six months on dry streaks (I've relapsed twice after two months). So obviously not perfect and not a road I'd recommend but it's surely a step in the right direction. ..3. I've saved a good amount of money and weight in the past eight weeks and feel fitter in general. ..4. Finally some alcoholics are unfortunate enough never to get any kind of recovery. While I struggle with remorse and rumination I should try to be grateful that I am at the very least aware of my problem and working hard on it. ..IWNDWYT :) .
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry you're feeling low : (. It sounds like you're doing all the right things though! Some days you do all the right things and your brain just goes "well fuck your exercise and your hanging out with friends and your healthy eating I'm just going to shit all over your day for no reason" and that's just how it is : ). Congrats on your 8 weeks!
I too had a couple of false starts before feeling more confident in my sobriety. I am not fooling myself that I've got this licked but it does feel different this time. ..Like you the driving force behind my drinking is anxiety and depression. That's progressing too   at a slower pace on what feels like an even longer road   but it is progressing. This is the right thing. And every day even the ones the feel terrible they pass in the right way since I've chosen to not flood them with booze. ..I'm doing this. Intentionally doing this. Just like you are. And I hope that recognizing this intent gives you the same little boost today that it gives me. Half of 2018 dry is a huge accomplishment and you should take major pride in holding such inner strength. ..For what it's worth unquestionably the biggest thing that keeps me from drinking is the promise that these gray clouds will someday drift away. It's happening for me at a much slower pace than others report here but if I look back to how bad I was four months ago I can note some measurable changes. I don't know if you might be able to reflect on some small wins too but I hope they are there. 
It took me nearly two years of trying (quitting/relapsing/quitting etc) before I finally got sober. I also fell pretty quickly into a depression as I started to grapple with all the shitty things I my life that I used to numb out for. Just want to let you know you're not alone - &amp; you're making great progress!! Well done. IWNDWYT. 
At 8 weeks I was exactly where you are. I think for some of us this wall of sadness is just part of the process. My hypothesis is that it is the addict-brain trying to get us to cave and give up. Like at 2 months it realizes something is different and we might actually mean it when we say we are done this time. You are doing all the right stuff or at least anything I could have thought of. The only way to get over it is to go through it. You are worth being sober for. Feel all of the shitty just keep going you will win.  
IWNDWYT. I  can so relate.  I have faith it takes time but there are definitely days when it's hard to have that faith.  
I am 45 days sober after 30 yrs. of daily drinking.  I am at a good place (?) where I am depressed about what I could have accomplished in life if I didn't drink. I did lose 25 lbs. in 6 weeks but have another 25 to go as drinking packed on the weight.  IWNDWYT
yo I was fucked up for years.... im not sure if that's totally helpful to you or not but I did a LOT of damage to my brain while drinking/using...I learned how to deal with the aftermath.  I ran and lifted like you and did the other things I was supposed to do as a normal human but it took a good long while before I was actually normal...It gets better but its a process.  Dont make a permanent decision (drinking) over a temporary problem (feeling like shit).  Feelings come and then they go almost with no rhyme or reason to them.  However drinking is a great suppressor of feelings so its not unusual for newer folks to be flooded with emotions all the time ..Eventually you level out but it takes some time :)
You have a great outlook. Depression is no fun to face sober. A lot of us are finding that out. You're doing great and I will not drink with you today. 
I feel like I spend a fair amount of time just pushing myself to find something to be happy about. One time I was complaining about my sadness while sober and someone posted that now it was time to begin my recovery. I think that could be spot on. However I feel like I've been recovering my whole adult life. I will let you know as soon as my sadness dissipates. For today I will not drink with you today  
You are not your mistakes. You are not the humiliations and moral failures. Leave them behind they're no use to you. Stay strong and go easy on yourself. Easier said than done I know :) 
You're doing so well! Don't let the past drag you down. You are here in this moment and you are sober.  That is all that matters. Congratulations on your hard won progress and cheers to a brighter future! 
I realized I was an alcoholic probably 8/9 years ago (I'm 45) after drinking heavily for 15 years. Took me many failed attempts and a lot crap before my current streak of 95 days (joined this group a few days after I quitbest thing I did) and I still struggle almost every day. But the changes physically and mentally over these days keep me motivated and I keep telling myself one more dayeveryday. Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
I also face depression anxiety and adhedonia that drinking temporarily cured. It was great all my cares melted away I let loose was talkative and social...At immense cost...It's taken a while to convince myself that the hard road will lead somewhere. So easy to forget the humiliation and hangovers over time...I went four months and figured everything was better. It wasn't. I have a therapist and psych now. It's still taken a long time to figure out.
Much strength to you. Depression unfortunately is quite normal. The first six months for myself as I recall were quite numb.  The fact that you are at 8 weeks is an accomplishment and testament to your dedication to be a "grander" version of you.  As you state the process is rough and it is OK to seek help -or simply vent- as you truck through day-by-day...I will not drink with you today!     
[removed]
[removed]
This is amazing; eight weeks is nothing to sneeze at. You should absolutely feel grateful about your awareness and actions toward working on everything. Your remorse and rumination are 100% valid but it is so strong of you to be able to move beyond those emotions toward your best self. I don't know you but I am proud of you. IWNDWYT.
There really is no way depression can be properly treated while drinking - gotta get rid of the booze first - I read somewhere that it can take months and months before brain chemistry is back to normal - !!! Friend - getting sober is your responsibility BUT it is not your fault you got addicted - in our culture it is almost impossible not to! You are strong you can do this!!!! Have you read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace? Game changer 
I could have written this post. 6 weeks tomorrow and I feel depressed. Wasted years mid 20s now and have no idea what I'm doing with my life. Losing confidence can't fake the passion needed at my job and I'm starting to hate it. ..I want to escape.
I'm sorry to hear you're feeling low. I want to just let you know that you're not alone in this!..&amp;#x200B;..I think it's great that you're giving yourself credit where credit is due. Your 6 months of sobriety throughout the year and eight weeks of your current streak is nothing to scoff at! I also really admire your positive view on finding gratitude for at least being aware of the issue. I think that's a great attitude and a very mature way to look at things...&amp;#x200B;..I've been struggling a lot recently with remorse too.  I did a lot of hurtful things to a lot of people (myself included) while I was at the height of my addiction and struggling with processing that has been really tough for me as well especially over the past couple of weeks for some reason. ..&amp;#x200B;..Getting sober has really exposed a lot of difficult truths for me. Alcohol covered up and also contributed to a lot of issues that are painful to deal with. But I think the beauty of getting sober is that we now have an opportunity to actually address these issues and improve our lives over the long term...&amp;#x200B;..I don't know exactly how you're feeling but you're not alone. Stay strong! IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I'm at a similar stage: 12 weeks sober and about six months out of the last 12. I really have my ups and downs too but after 40 years of drinking managing mood unassisted is hard. We have a drinks party at home in a few minutes. Can't say I am thrilled by the prospect if I am honest. But I know how it would go if I was drinking And that's not something I want to go back to.  Keep the faith! IWNDWYT 
I have been going to an acupuncturist for a bit.  Recently I've added this type thing to the list of topics.   It helps.  A herbs mix has helped too.  Been on that for six weeks now and it's taken the edge off..If your open to that type of thing.  It would be worth exploring/talking to an acupuncturist. If you have benefits make use of that too...This for me has been the hardest part to deal with over the last (insert flair number) of days.  .."Keep your stick on the ice..We're all in this together " Red Green show
Thank you for making this post! I still struggle with anxiety and depression (I call it going into a funk) but it is immeasurably better now than when I was first starting out. What really helped me was working the 12 steps. I know that AA is not for everyone but I just know what has worked for me finally. Being able to address all of the isms that lead to my drinking in the first place has really helped me come to terms with who I am and who I was when I was drinking. Turns out they're two completely different people! ..I hope your journey in sobriety not only continues but continues to help you find a happier place where you don't ruminate on the past quite so much simply accept it for what it is: the path that lead you to the person you are now  who I might add sounds wonderful...IWNDWYT!
I struggled a lot with depression in early sobriety. It would feel like one day I'd be fine then the next day I'd fall in to a deep black hole that I'd have to claw my way out of. I went to AA meetings because the people there understood. I got some professional help. I learned that my brain and body had to heal from the years of abuse. ..It got better but I would still have what I called Square One Days where I'd wake up and think that everything I had done to stay clean was for nought. I learned to weather those storms and they would pass more and more quickly. I did not EVER want to go back to the way things were before I got sober.
Eight weeks was exactly my lowest point so far. I think there might be a chemical rebalance that happens around then. Perhaps it is paws? 
IWNDWYT
Those are great reminders! Keep it up 
First off good on ya man! 8 weeks is an accomplishment definitely something to celebrate. I am in the on again/off again stages of trying to clean my life up so you're an inspiration for sure...I too struggle with serious depression/anxiety with a little BPD and BiPolarII mixed in none of which has been managed well only by you guessed it: excessive drinking! When Im drunk/blacked out I don't care how shitty my life and mental state gets yet getting drunk/blacked out certainly doesn't help my "issues." Its a not fun vicious cycle from hell my own created hell. ..Somehow I can't seem to muster up the energy/will/wherewithal to stop it once and for-all. Considering most days I can't seem to get out of bed or feed myself I guess it's not a huge shock. But it is a major freaking bummer and it just feeds into the self loathing. I hear you. ..Anyways way to focus on the positive and try and turn that thought process around to the positive. It's a beautiful world out there we only get one shot and you're making a change for the better. High five!
My uncle was just moved into Hospice on Friday. He is dying from alcohol-related complications and COPD. You're right - some alcoholics don't ever have the ability to get sober. I am proud of you for giving it all you've got despite the difficulties. 
Just heard "My adversity is more profitable to the world" - Napoleon Hill (Outwitting the Devil)..Most phenomenal quote I've heard as of late. 
The truth is it's not easy to fix a problem that took years to create. I still struggle much of the time.
We can't change the past but we can learn from it and do better stepping forward. It's a rough time of year that tends to get us reflecting and reminiscing and that can lead to lots of shame or beating ourselves up. But you're doing awesome with 8 weeks under your belt. 8 weeks of hard but good choices and of learnings and of striving to do better. That's amazing and certainly worth feeling good about! IWNDWYT 
