-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8xh08/have_you_found_a_healthier_alternative_to/

I drank not really because I loved the feeling or I wanted to party. I just didn't want to be alone with my thoughts. And booze solved that. It's been a few months (plus a couple more before a relapse) since I've stopped drinking. I don't have any desire whatsoever to drink anymore and don't have a problem being around it as a result...However I do have a strong desire to be able to "turn off" my depressing thoughts and feelings every now and then. To assure anyone before they ask I am using traditional therapy like psychiatry and am on a few different antidepressants/antianxieties and something to get more restful sleep (duloxetine/buspirone/trazodone)...While these may have helped my overall mood or quality of life -- of that I'm not really sure -- I still have the feeling that when I have a stressful day or my thoughts get a bit too overwhelming I just want to turn off my brain and relax. Is anyone else in this situation and have they found a medicine/drug legal or otherwise or any other practice that helps out?..I'm not looking to fall down the rabbits hole of abuse again but I am looking for a supplement for my treatment. I am open to any and all advice...Thank you and happy holidays.
----------immediate responses--------

Going for walks/bikerides through the woods combined with birdwatching. I noticed it earlier this year; even though I was out in the middle of a forest alone with nothing to distract me from the negative thoughts that bombarded me all day somehow my mind just let it all go for a couple hours and I felt a bit better and distant from the bad things. ..It's not something that fits in your pocket or that you can do in your bedroom. But I think that's part of why it works for me. And yeah it doesn't always work but it's better than nothing.
So I started Wim Hof breathing techniques.  His theory is that deep breathing (and holding it too if you find a video on YouTube it explains it) oxygenates the body not just the lungs but various body systems.  That stores or pools of hormones we secrete over stress and whatnot can be broken down and dissipated through breathing and oxygenating the blood and fluid flow within.  It's super fascinating stuff- I've been using this breathing and I can personally attest to a calmer mind and I really just feel different/better.  I'm going through some pretty stressful stuff right now and I'm really not that stressed.. I do the breathing and I feel it working.  You might like it yourself or not thought I'd tell you a bit about what works for me.  
meditation reading hot showers or baths exercise music are things that come to mind. For me I really enjoy riding the bike while listening to music completely shuts down the thoughts.
Exercise and meditation ..
I had the exact same problem. I picked up hobbies that I could do at home which was when I felt the strongest urge to drink. These days I'll sit on the couch listening to an audiobook and crochet or do some sort of craft. 
Yoga. So much yoga. 
