-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a8yk50/my_husband_has_got_drunk_every_night_for_the_last/

Last year I would've been right there getting merry with him because work is done and yes it is Christmas - time to party! Wohoo! This year it's just fu@$#* annoying and I'm over having a slightly hungover husband every bloody day who is finding every little job I ask him to help with a bit hard. Dont get me wrong he's not usually a big drinker but he does during holidays. I know I'm being a self-righteous a-hole  because three months ago I was hungover everyday but geez Louise enough already. Anyone struggling with their partner still boozing it up while you watch on annoyed??
----------immediate responses--------

Me and my partner are staying strong - completely sober. That being said maybe try talking to him about how you're feeling and how his actions are affecting you. Despite what he does I really hope you'll stay sober with me this holiday season! You're at 92 days and that's freaking awesome!!!! I will not drink with you today.
It's crazy how we feel like we get a pass to be drunk during the holidays. Such a shitty way to start the year coming off a bender from thanksgiving all the way to the new year. I've done that the last 20 years. 
Tonight my husband got drunk (like he does every night). I noticed that he was gone he went bar hopping all around town because each place would only serve him one drink...He drinks 3L of strong beer + shots every night I don't even know how much more he drank I fo however know that he was pulled over and bribed the cops (very common practice in my country)..Anyhow. MIL and SIL rock up he is angry because I locked his office (our dogs were poisoned a few nights ago so I'm extra paranoid). And I don't have keys (he took them with him and lost them) and starts throwing cups towards me breaking everything...I take my 3yo and leave with MIL. He arrives and as I'm walking past him starts fighting I say nothing. His dad tells him to leave and pick on someone his own size (he is a typical scottish giant I'm 40kg and 1.4m)..He hit his dad...It takes his sister to force him out and lock all of us in...My husband is a monster when he is drunk it's always extra bad this time of year...Sorry for the long post it's nearly 12 and the shock of him attacking his dad hasn't worn off...I use to drink with him I stopped because I got tired of the fights and being blamed for them. 
r/alanon might help you
Your are describing every family Christmas I spent growing up. Stay strong and be safe.
Not my partner but his mom. She'll get drunk with his sister and start group texting pics and drunk texts to him (and by extension me) and we're both recovering. She knows better. She has taken him to rehabs and detoxes many times. She doesn't mean any harm but quit rubbing it in already!
Try an empathetic and compassionate conversation with him.
The fact that I no longer drink and my partner does is definitely a point of friction in our relationship. I'd say I face 3 major challenges relating to this:.1. When he's had a few too many he is just not as fun to be with. The conversation quality goes down quite a bit. .2. The hangover. The sober weekends we get now that we don't drink are awesome but they are more fun when you have somebody to share them with. It is disappointing when you are ready to get things done or do something exciting but your partner in crime is barely functional..3. Its hard to talk about. I always feel like I'm coming off pompous when I discuss alcohol. This happens when I discuss booze with regards to the above problems or just in general as a cultural phenomenon in our society. ..I guess all that is to say you are not alone with this issue.
I didn't mind my husband keeping on drinking for my first couple of sober months. (He drinks about four bourbons a night five nights a week.) But holy hell has it gotten so frustrating. I've come to recognize the nights he drinks as the nights we'll have some stupid disagreement just before lights-out. And like you I find it incredibly obnoxious that the day after a night of drinking he wants to sleep as long as he can and he is basically useless for the first hour (or three) after waking up. We have a 15 month old and that shit is NOT going to fly much longer. .End rant. Thank you. 
I guess if you know it's gonna stop just let him do his thing and you do yours. Don't ask him for things don't wait for him just be independent for another week and then be happy when you get him back..?
