-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a90dio/im_struggling_so_much_tonight/

Surrounded by my boyfriends family all drinkers. I'm holding back the tears and overwhelmed with anxiety and I'm having serious cravings..Idk if I can do this. I really don't know.
----------immediate responses--------

You got this.  You are stronger than alcohol.
You can do this.  If I drank it would not be worth it.  I'm sending positive thoughts your way! I think about tomorrow morning...how good it will be to wake up sober.  Stay strong my friend! IWNDWYT 
I was where you are last night. I drank and I don't feel any better today. In fact I feel far worse. I felt like hell all day. Now I have to spend all day Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with family while going through withdrawals (even WORSE anxiety sweating and gross feeling). I am also depressed now too and have to go through shit sleep patterns for a few weeks. It's really NOT worth it. Get yourself a tasty non alcoholic beverage and some cake or your favorite food and ride it out.
You can do it! I made it through a booze soaked event earlier today and I'm so glad I didn't partake. A part of me kept saying it wouldn't hurt to try a glass of wine but in reality my whole mentality is so much better tonight because I'm sober. Keep a glass full of something you like that's N/A. I did that to forestall people offering me alcohol. 
You can do it! I'm sorry you're feeling overwhelmed and anxious. I was feeling the same way earlier today but the feeling passed like it always does. Stay strong!
I'm at the same point. I'm like 10cm to opening that bottle of wine nicely gifted by my stupid father for xmas. 6 bottles actually. I'm restless can't think about anything else than that bloody first sip of pure pleasure... gosh it's hard
I've been crying for the past week on and off. im struggling badly too im sorry.  i wont drink tonight and you better not either. 
Take 6 deep mindful breaths in and out. Excuse yourself to the bathroom and go deep into some SD posts! We are all here for ya!
Find another person to help. Any person anywhere with anything. When we turn our minds and energies towards another it heals us.
You ARE strong enough. I believe in you. IWNDWYT
You can do this. You can. If you have to leave leave. Your sobriety is more important than a few hurt feelings. ..Btw I've got some killer cravings tonight too and no one is near me drinking. ..IWNDWYT!
Stay strong Yin. You are going to make it to day 161!
Go to the bathroom to get away for a few minutes to regroup. Go over to r/aww or find something to make you smile. You're at 160 days? You're killing it! Think how great you will feel at 161 days tomorrow. You've got this!!!
You can do it. Make the choice to move forward. Remember how much better this morning felt because you didn't drink last night.
All the shit you've been through in the process of staying sober? You're going to have to start it all over again from square one if you drink. Do you really want to go through that crap again?
This is ashamed regretful you calling from the future. It wasn't worth it. I wish you'd gotten a soda got good sleep and woke up refreshed. 
I learned the hard way early in my sobriety that I didn't have to go places where people were drinking no matter what.
You're not alone. This time of year is so hard. .I'm surrounded by my partner's family all heavy drinkers (besides my partner) and at times my sobriety almost seems to be an inconvenience for them...It's okay to be uncomfortable it's okay to be anxious it's okay to feel isolated and angry if it comes to that; whatever happens uncomfortable is the worst it's gonna get. You can handle this. Drinking would not help...  
If you make it through tonight you get to sleep comfortably in your own bed and wake up comfortably in your own bed!
You can do it! People totally can't feel your distress when they're drinking. I feel like this sometimes still too at intimate gatherings with all drinkers. Hang in there and show yourself love and compassion!!! You got this! And even if not you're doing great and pick yourself back up. It's ok. You're good   
Always have an exit strategy all. I made one for the last baseball suite game I went to and wedding. When I needed to leave I did. It will get easier. I know it's the holidays but remember we can use words like I am not feeling well I am sick and need to leave or go lay down. We truly are not feeling well and are experiencing both physical and mental forms of feeling sick.
We're here. Rooting for you.  Hold tight and keep us posted!
Hope you managed to stay strong  
Hope you're ok
