-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a92c0x/first_day_sober_need_support/

Hi all..So this is going to be super long so thank you in advance to those of you who will take the time to read this and offer your support...I'm 27 and started drinking when I was 12 years old. I ended up in rehab at the age of 17 and had 4 years sober. I relapsed and I've been drinking heavily ever since. At first the drinking wasn't awful but of course it steadily got worse. I'm ready to quit after yet another night of blacking out and not remembering that I hit my boyfriend and said terrible awful things to him. I've been crying all day and seriously considered ending my life until my boyfriend said that it's either him or the alcohol. We've been together for 6 years. In our 6 years I've been drunk and aggressive in every serious fight. Lately I've been drinking so much as I've recently found myself unemployed to the point where I no longer recognize myself. I do have PTSD and a history of self-medicating with alcohol and drugs. I've dedicated my adult life to caring for others - working in social services with kids and these are the only moments I'm sober. I've completely neglected caring for myself in the past year or so. ..I've hit my bottom. My boyfriend is all I have as my extended family is overseas and most of my immediate family can be toxic and extremely triggering for me. I'm hoping I can find fellowship and support in AA like I did when I was a teen. I'm scared but I'm ready. ..Any suggestions on how to start my sober journey is appreciated. I'm in a tough situation with idle time as I'm not working currently and would love to hear others stories about what helped them in early sobriety...Love to you all  
----------immediate responses--------

You know the answer. Use the time to get to meetings and find a sponsor. Do the work. The only time someone changes is when they to their own realization that they need to change and when they decide they are ready.  Once i did that i was able to fully surrender and become rigorously honest. You can do it if you work at it. Find a mtg to go to tomorrow. Where do you live? I can help ya find one! Plan your day around it and do your best to listen. You got this for you 
 You will be fine. Go.In and listen. Have u ever gone before? Or first time? I understand the nerves .I would go early jn the day so i dont project about it all day
Sometime I wonder what life would be like if I had found AA as a teen. But I have the life I have.  Grateful to have made it to the rooms of Alcoholics Anonymous alive. I have been given a life worth living.
How dis ya make out?
