-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a95tsi/enough_is_enough/

First day here. I'm a female in my late thirties who has greatly struggled with my relationship with alcohol for years. Although alcohol has always allowed me to loosen up and relax it always results in me having hangxiety - and I don't use that term lightly. Every time I drink I wake up between 2-3am with the worst anxiety and the feeling that I want to crawl out of my skin. Some nights (like last night) I can be awake for the entire night. My mind races and the self recrimination and self loathing tears me apart. I spend the next day in a depressed and anxious fog BUT yet manage to do it all over again......I started seeing a therapist who has suggested maybe I could control it at two drinks and find a happy place. This doesn't work well for me and despite my best attempts to avoid the 2am wake up call (by drinking earlier flushing with water etc) 2am comes around and the cycle repeats. Controlled drinking never seems to work well for me...Self hatred / loathing = depressed and anxious day = wine = relaxation and ease of depressed state = 2am hangxiety. Repeat. ..I've talked about my love / hate relationship with alcohol for years - mostly bemoaning it to my husband of over 12 years who is tired of listening to me (as am I). There are times when I think it's good because it helps us loosen up and have fun away from the stresses of raising a family but I know better and I know it creates more problems that it solves for me. Many of the highlights of our marriage have involved alcohol to some extent (relaxing with wine after a long day socializing traveling to Napa etc). ..Last fall we both took a 6 week break from it and it was life changing (I slept better was less anxious and overall happier). But then....the slide back...This year I turn 40 and the gift I want to give myself is sobriety. I know it's my only path to be my best self. I'm here for the accountability. I'm here because I'm tired of the cycle of listening to myself lament alcohol. I'm here because I believe there has to be a better way. I'm here because I need the support the hope and ultimately the change. 
----------immediate responses--------

my drinking and what it did to me was very similar to what you described above.  it temporarily relieved anxiety only for it to return stronger when i sobered up.  my solution to living had become a problem.  and i could not moderate either. what i've learned about continued sobriety is that i can't do it alone.  being with others in real life who are like me is crucial to getting and staying sober.  alcoholics anonymous has helped me considerably.  
I thank God everyday my wife and the mother my 3 kids is not a drinker. I could not imagine enduring the things she does and all she does for our family.. while drinking. God bless you for being able to handle it...Trust in that just like during your 6 week hiatus you will be a better person and thus a better Mom and Wife off the booze...My daily struggles continue even though my wife is as tired as your husband might be after my 20 years of drinking (she knows me for 17 years of that). Sobriety would be the best birthday gift you could give yourself and everyone around you. Here is to getting through the holidays and hopefully a sober and brighter New Years
Welcome! You'll find this place is bursting with support. Moderation is tricky to try to manage. I would more often than not break my own rules and end up having more than I wanted. Every time. Once I have one drink something takes over and I can not stop myself. It's better to just stay away from it in my case. Happy to have you here  ..I will not drink with you today 
First day as well and first hour on this sub. After reading all these peoples problems and all the support I think this sub will def make it easier for you. Stay positive and I think giving others support will also help as well...
I was doing the same things you were...it was like lather rinse repeat. I remembered that old saying "the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.".Here's to no more hangovers hangxiety and groundhog day every day.  IWNDWYT!
Almost a week! I don't even know how almost 4 have passed. 
