-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9aao5/dealing_with_grief_in_sobriety/

I'm struggling as it is to keep my head straight and not pick up a drink and I've just heard that one of my close mates from my younger days has been found dead :( that's 2 people in the last 2 weeks. I really don't want this to push me over the edge...Any advice please? 
----------immediate responses--------

That's truly terrible.  I don't have any advice except to say that when I'm struggling I know that I can barely manage and alcohol will just sink me.  Suffering the pain of loss is agonizing but has to be done one way or the other.  Facing it sooner with a clear head and a tear filled memory is better than stretching out the agony and mixing in extra feelings of guilt and shame.  ..Hang in there.  IWNDWYT
Drinking doesn't kill pain. It just postpones it. You're gonna feel this loss eventually. Might as well get I just over with.
The thought that helps me the most when coping with a death is this: If I could drink you back to life I would do it. Right here. Right now. But I can't. So the best I can do is to honor your memory by remaining sober and present and supporting our other friends and loved ones to the best of my ability...&amp;#x200B;..I'm sorry for your loss.
I'm here for you man if you need to talk. Just lost a girl I loved and it's my first day out of detox. If you want to talk about it let me know.
There is nothing so bad that alcohol won't make it worse. ..I'm am sorry about the death of your friends. I got help from a therapist to work through grief issues and went to AA meetings especially during the holidays. ..When we are sober we can choose to not drink or to drink. I remember what happens when I drink so I never take the first one. 
I'm going through toss right now...This time in doing it sober.  Last time I didn't...Here's what I've learned...I have to be present.  I have to feel all the feelings.  That sucks...But it sucked more delaying it until later...Now I get to grieve when everyone else is.  When there's a support system of friends and family...I get to be present and support other people...See... For me grief comes in waves.  Sometimes I ten be strong for the people around me; sometimes I had people around me to be strong for me...Alcohol took both of those away from me.  It turned me into a mess... Feeling some things too much others not enough.  And completely useless to everybody else..
Hangovers do not help with grief.
