-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9bpob/back_on_the_wagon/

After spending about 8 years binge drinking regularly using recreational drugs couch hopping in and out of tumultuous abusive relationship with other addicts neglecting my parental duties losing job after job blacking out and waking up in jail last year in October I decided to go to rehab. Just days before I had waken up in my own bed covered in blood and deep deep gashes all over my body. I had very little recollection of what had happened but soon found out that I had walked the couple blocks to my exes house scantily clad and barefooted in 30 degree weather in the wee hours of the morning and thrown multiple bricks through his window jumping in after them. I also stole his dog. For what reason? Apparently he had rejected my sexual advances at the bar the night before and from there I started a huge fight that resulted in my violence. This was not the first time this scene had occurred; just weeks before I had drunkenly sat outside his house armed with a brick threatening to murder him and was met with bear mace. My friends were forced out of bed at 3 AM and had to escort a drunk screaming flailing me to their house to help me shower the mace off of my body. I laid in excruciating pain unable to sleep for hours haunted by the fact I couldn't even remember why I was so angry at him in the first place... and only weeks before this I had waken up in a solitary jail cell with a knot on my head no shoes and unfortunately a blurry memory of what got me there. Once again I had showed up at my exes house in the middle of the night belligerent throwing things at his window as I threatened to kill him. As cops arrived to the scene I continued throwing trash and spitting at my ex telling him I would kill him. I was thrown on the ground put in a spit mask and hog tied and this is how I remained the entire ride to the police station where I continued to cause a scene that had me placed in solitary confinement. My regular binge drinking and drug use turned me into the classic Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and I finally decided that I had enough...I checked into rehab October 12th 2017 and stayed for 30 days. When I left rehab I got a sponsor to work through the steps with and attended AA meetings regularly. I tried my best to change my entire lifestyle and yearned to be a better person. For 3 or 4 months I did a great job at keeping up with my sponsor and my step work. I was still attending meetings a few times a week but I was having a really really hard time with my social anxiety and just couldn't feel that I would fit in with "these people." I still had not found myself able to speak at a meeting once. I had hardly spoken to anyone before during or after a meeting. I consciously showed up minutes before the meeting would start so that I could avoid all of the fellowship beforehand and as soon as the meeting was over I made my way straight toward the exit. As much as I enjoyed going to meetings and knowing how much they helped me in my sobriety they also brought with them a sense of dread because of my social anxiety. As a result I slowly found myself withdrawing myself from meetings. Soon after I also found myself withdrawing from my sponsor and my step work. Around my sixth month of sobriety I had cut all communication with my sponsor and was no longer attending meetings. Instead of overcoming my fears and working on my issues of social anxiety I decided that I didn't need AA to stay sober I could do it on my own. Which I did... for hardly 2 more months. ..In May of this year after a fight with my significant other at the time I went straight to a liquor store and bought a bottle of wine without a second thought. I drank it all and went to bed and from that moment on I was no longer living a life of sobriety. I wouldn't drink again for weeks and because of this I felt that I had it all under control. All I needed was some time away from the bottle and now I would be able to control my drinking. For a few months I did just that. I went out a few times during those months caught a buzz had a good time and went home. I didn't experience hangovers I didn't do anything stupid. I was normal for gods sake! Until of course I wasn't. It didn't take long before I was waking up in strangers beds experiencing two day long hangovers oh and lets not even get started about all of the drugs I ended up once again "casually" using as a result of being too drunk to care. I spent August September October and November progressively becoming the person I was before. ..November 23rd was my birthday and also the night I decided that I no longer wanted to continue living the way I was. I went out with some friends drank so much that I blacked out for the first time since I had relapsed in May. I don't remember a large chunk of my night and came to at a friends apartment around 8 in the morning after a long night of doing copious amounts of cocaine. Nothing terrible happened. I didn't threaten anyone with violence. I didn't go home with a strange person. I didn't hurt myself. I was actually informed that I was acting perfectly normal all night long drunk but normal. Nothing terrible had to happen though. Blacking out was enough to scare me straight again. So here I am once again at 30 days. Hello. 
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT!
Welcome back! I'm happy you're here.
30 days!!!! 
You're very welcome here :) You don't ever have to go to that place again!
