-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9fhpn/to_anyone_who_is_enjoying_their_first_christmas/

Even though I have taken time off here and there over the past 35 years I have never had a stretch during the holidays. If there was ever a "valid" excuse to "give yourself permission" its this week. ..Fuck that. You got this. Enjoy the season at full functionality and take notice of what you looked like many times before. Don't judge them. Maybe you can be an ear to listen. Or a drive home. It's also days like today and weeks like this that the nondrinkers can save some lives or be a beacon of light. The work of becoming sober also has the effect of giving hope to others that are silently struggling as we did. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's a great time to be alive! ..Merry Christmas. 
----------immediate responses--------

Merry Christmas to you...This is my first sober Christmas since 1993. I am actually looking forward to it for once instead of starting the day with a hangover. It's a strange feeling but a good one.
My 1st in 30 years &amp; am on day 47.  Merry Christmas.
Thank you so much for this post. First Christmas sober (8th day booze free) and first Christmas alone. Not being hung over today and feeling like my world is crumbling was the best gift. 
My first and it's 6 months today!
All 'family' holidays are particularly fun for me because I have no problems going to parties/bars or hanging with inebriated friends... but I can **NOT** stand being around drunk family. And I have a feeling they don't understand or care they just think I'm an asshole for always leaving at the first opportunity. ..Oh well fuck them we're sober ;-) IWNDWYT thats what matters.
My first sober Xmas. Last nights family gathering was so hard with beer and bourbon being around. But I stayed resilient. Let myself be a little cranky on the inside. And this morning I'm so happy I did. 
Thank you for turning on the light. Reminds me of that quote from Harry Potter by Dumbledore  " Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if one only rememebers to turn on the light."
That's us!!!..It was a good Christmas. No guilt about what I said or did; if my gifts were good enough or not. Just good food family and love all around. This is one of the first Xmas celebrations I can honestly say I feel happy about the whole thing. Much love to you OP and to everyone here who celebrates or not. 
Thanks for the boost and happy holidays!
My first sober Christmas in 18 years. ..I'm 83 days dry. This is the first Xmas I can drive to see ALL of my friends for a quick visit. 
IWNDWYT 
Congrats! Here's to eating 5000 calories instead of drinking them! 
Great post. Happy holidays! 
Thanks friend! It's my first sober Christmas in ages. My normal tradition for the holiday has always been to get hammered and watch the Supernatural Christmas episode. My family takes off for five days and I'm on my own. This year I've been making a point of finding projects to do to stay busy. It's been a solid time spent alone. Cleaned the hell out of my room and built an Ikea cabinet. ..All that to say:..IWNDWYT..Stay safe and make good choices.  
My first in four years!!!! I'll be able to breath once New Years is over!!! Keep it up everyone.
This ones really testing my will. But regardless I'll be sober when I shut my eyes. Merry Christmas Or whatever you celebrate or don't. Iwndwyt.
My first sober Christmas has been fine. Usually I would've been having drinking over breakfast out to the pub for a couple of hours while the dinner was cooking having champagne/wine during dinner then a few ciders during the afternoon. All that would be warming up for going out back to the pub in the evening. ..Today I went out for a morning dog walk with family we had sparkling grape juice over Christmas dinner and I'm home snuggled up with films and hot chocolate. ..I feel so blessed to have a family that are not very bothered at all about drinking at Christmas. 
My first in about ten years ! IWNDWYT 
Merry Christmas to all y'all and congratulations on a sober holiday!  Enjoy your day.   
My first sober Christmas as well.  This is the third time trying.  The past two were very difficult but I put in the work leading up to this one and it is paying off.  Not only am I doing it I'm really enjoying it as well.  I had to change my perspective and find all the things I enjoyed about the holidays and say to myself do you want to get to enjoy these things at all or do you want to be selfish and continue with a habit that was hurting myself and all my loved ones?  Having the mindset of telling myself it's just one holiday season as well no need to worry about next year today.  Staying in the day and being present for love ones has been the greatest gift of all on this holiday season.  Stay strong everyone!!
Merry Christmas IWNDWYT.
whether your celebrating or ignoring the holiday you can do it without a drink - i believe in you. this is my third sober holiday season and i can say it does get easier and more natural! you'll be so proud of yourself too getting through it booze free i know i am. merry merry and hang in there if this is a crap time for you    iwndwyt
Def drank a bottle of champagne on this day last year. Happy to not be doing that again. 
My first Xmas. It's tough..Iwndwyt
It's my 3rd Xmas sober. ..Congrats to all who are doing it!..Merry hoho
I went to a soberthon meeting yesterday and today just going to enjoy lots of good food sober. Congrats to everyone and IWNDWYT. 
This is my second Christmas sober and I can attest to the fact that it gets easier. Last year I was pulling my hair out at this time of the day screwing up everything and finally deciding I couldn't cook sober. I made it to the end of the day though sober.   ..If you are struggling stay the course. It is worth it to duke it out with the booze goblin.
My first sober in probably 20 years (except 3 pregnancies). It has been pretty tough but I'm hanging in there. IWNDWYT 
Heavy drinking culture in my family and I've been tempted by the endless offers of beer but have pulled through. Wife has been so supportive. ..This has been one of the best Christmasses ever. Had a very deep conversation with my uncle and I won't wake up tomorrow thinking it was just the drink; it was genuine. 
Approaching 1 year alcohol free. First Christmas. Definitely tougher than I expect d but I'm feeling good. ..Happy holidays! 
My 7th Christmas sober but my brother-in-law's first. He doesn't know I know - we aren't close - but I am thinking about him. It is awfully challenging. 
Merry Christmas ! Nearly there  first one sober in many years  can't believe it!
My first in over 20 years. Going great so far! Keep it up everyone!
Sober today with no hangover! A blessing. IWNDWYT
First sober Xmas since early high school. My family consumes alcohol pretty heavily I have lots of La Croix to get me through. IWNDWYT!
My first since I was a kid- 24 years ago. 33 days in well done and stay strong everyone. Oddly I found yesterday harder- today passed with fewer pangs
5 days today!  
Thanks. It was fun to wake up without a hangover
Here's to all of us who made it through Christmas without drinking.  I don't like to make a big deal of it with my family I guess because I still have some shame around being a drunk but for me it IS a big deal and I'm sure for all of us on r/stopdrinking.  So congrats all around!!
First in 17 years. 41 days sober. Thank you kind stranger.
First sober Christmas in 23 years I'm 38
My dad initiated some guy time in the garage with my brothers and I.  I turned down a beer and got a pissy comment.  I was really close to taking it too.  It was in my hand and I acted like I didn't realize it was a beer then handed it back.  Close call.  The whole encounter was weird and uncomfortable but at least sober.  I wont drink with any of you today.
I picked a heck of a time to quit I'm on day 3 but don't have to go back to work until the 2nd so i figured it's a good time to detox without having to be at work too. 
God bless this sub :) 
i was quite closeto giving myself an exception today but i know i love that booze once i get started...&amp;#x200B;..it would have been a week of hell - and confessing to my family and aa that id broken after 4 months...&amp;#x200B;..Im home safe now and chilling. but that craving can start winning at times.
Hey thanks dude!
My first in ~ 14 years (or my first as an adult). Pretty cool didn't even realize this!
IWNDWYT
I'm not particularly enjoying it but glad I'm not drinking about it.  
First sober Christmas for me. Got through it. Home now snuggled on sofa with my wife watching a bit of TV now. Stay strong x
I have been sober the last 4 years on Christmas (I've slipped on nondescript weekdays for some reason) and it is harder this year than any before. But I have over 1000 days combined over 2 runs over the last 3 years so I know being sober is worth the pain of days like today. IWNDWYT 
Thank you. My first sober Christmas Eve and Christmas Day in a long time. And I feel OK - not brilliant not full of warmth and joy still some things not right. But I'm sober. So there's that.
This is my third sober Christmas as an adult. Got to spend part of the day with my brother this was his first along with our family who has always been there for us.  It makes it so special to share these days now.
I just climbed into bed my first sober Christmas day for about 15 years. I can't believe it I'm so proud of myself. Merry Christmas everybody!
Thank you! It's my first sober Christmas and while I didn't want to drink I definitely wanted to cry a few times. Didn't do that either  ..Merry Christmas to all!    
I failed
Having a wonderful Christmas with my family. First one sober since I could drink. My wife just commented about how clear my eyes are. Hope everyone is doing well today!
Thank you brother 
Thank you  yes was hard . But we survived . 
I hope you're enjoying a wonderful warm and caring Christmas! It's Boxing Day here and happy to report - achievement unlocked! stayed sober even though I was at a lunch where there was the most outrageous amount of wine and beer and aged brandy and god knows what else everywhere. But there was one other lady there who said she really doesn't drink often and was not drinking so I didn't feel like the odd one out. Sometimes those super-moderate folk can be our best allies in the struggle! But OMG I had forgotten just how much booze some gatherings think is needed for lunch on Christmas Day... happy to not have been part of that agenda item. 
342 days.  Huh... I guess this is a first Christmas without drinking.  My kids make a "Santa Cocktail" which this year was a Martini with artisinal gin and big old olives.  I had my 22 year old drink it.
My 1st in 10 years. Thanks for the shout out.
Its been pretty easy as long as Im shoveling chocolate into my mouth.
This is my first Christmas without drinking! IWNDWYT
Geesh i fell down. A Chinese family let me in to 33 billion cash. I relapsed. Ughh.... i need to buy and build. I am sorry....
Went to my dad's at 9 a.m and he was drunk. Could barely stand apologizing the whole time. Saying he had a problem. I have the same problem but not to the point of drinking as soon as I wake up. I felt horrible seeing him this way. Stumbling mumbling every word. He asked if I could help with his addiction... all I could do was tear up. how could I help my dad?? the man I looked up to who quit drinking and smoking cold turkey for over a year struggle again. So I left. No words and said nothing. Each shot of vodka I take while at home I keep feeling absolute disgust which is a first. All day I have felt an absolute emptiness. Seeing the man who I held to a high standard be absolutely broken as I am. Fucks me up emotionally and makes me physically sick. On top of all of this the only people to wish me a merry Christmas or happy holidays today was a gaming friend from Denmark. I don't even know where to start. No family or friends have contacted me today. I'm alone and empty. Starting to feel like I should just end it and hope it eases the pain.  
Last year I spent Christmas in treatment and was so happy to be there and feel safe. This year I've been sober 399 days and my life is amazingly better. There's not one problem I have that drinking will help and I'm certain of that. Good work friends!
My first Christmas with no alcohol in a very long time. I didn't miss it at all. 
Today has been tough for me (feeling quite depressed) but I'm not going to drink  today because that will *only* make things worse. 
Merry sober Christmas everyone!..39 years sober today quit with my Mom.  Her birthday is Christmas Day best gift we ever received!..IWNDWYT!
Thank you  it's my first sober Christmas for a long time. Iwndwyt. Xo 
Thank you! It wasn't easy but I survived the drunk fam without missing my good trusty buddy rum n coke. ..I even went out to buy vodka and gin for other family members yesterday - being in the liquor store for something other than rum was strange. ..Getting past Christmas feels like an honor badge. ..
I appreciate the post. It has been a little rough lately. Posting here so I can see my badge count for a little motivation.
I have 9 months today and my first sober Christmas as an adult was a lot harder than I thought it would be. I haven't spent all day thinking about not taking a drink in months. Phew. Tempted to buy tickets now to be out of town this time of year just so I don't forget. So glad it's over. 
Heh... Just realized this is my first sober Christmas too! Yay all of us!
This is a great post! Today was my first sober Christmas in oh so long! So much better... Much more calm and less anxious! Who knew? 
1st in about 15 years maybe more. Actually wasn't bad. And I'm proud of not embarrassing myself as well as being able to safely drive my family home. ..I did accept a drink when they were getting handed out at one party but set it down and "forgot I had it" when pointed out later in the night. 
3rd sober christmas and each one has been better than the last. sober on!!
This was a difficult week.  Compensated with chocolate.  Lots and lots of chocolate. 
First sober Christmas I dreaded but got through - it is tough! Second sober Christmas was better now my third I looked forward to the actual day. When I was a drinker I was a mess - sick hung over or drunk.  Last night I stayed up late finishing presents and made a cake for breakfast.  Something drunk me never would have done. So nice not to be be a mess for Christmas! Merry Christmas :)
9 days in and I didn't break for Christmas.  I'm so proud of myself. Everyone was drinking wine and beer and I had Pepsi and water and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Hell yeah
Thanks I never really thought about being sober in this light...Appreciate the post and merry Xmas sober buddy!..P.S. this is my first sober Xmas for a very long time and all up it has been FANTASTIC!
I have to say my family certainly like to have cocktails around but they've been more than accommodating - when everyone had mimosas this morning they poured me sparkling apple cider in a pretty glass. It was a nice touch that helped me feel included and helped keep me sober. 
This is the first Christmas in a long time that I've been sober and the first one ever that I've felt so happy to be sober. It was a beautiful day and it really makes the idea of taking a drink seem absolutely insane. Thank you all so much for what you've shared.
[deleted]
Thanks for this post. Wasn't easy but kept the streak going. 
Thanks! First in a really long time and I loved every minute of it. :) IWNDWYT
Made it.  Next holiday season (heck this new year's eve) I plan to have the wisdom and foresight to look out for others as you have.
I fucked up today. Had fun but am very disappointed in myself. Had 23 days... any words of encouragement would be extremely helpful. 
First sober christmas in 3 years. 12 days sober. Longest sobriety stretch in 3 years. Been rough but man did I handle my work stress better today than in years. No angry outbursts at employees my own boss had lots of good to say about my performance. Fuck working christmas but I'm glad I didn't use liquor to "get through" it. 
THANK YOU!!! it was so hard!!! But I survived my annual Christmas party sober!
Currently fighting a tension headache that may or may not progress to a migraine because I clench my teeth when I'm around people who are drinking. My problem not theirs I leave and smoke some weed when I've had enough...I had a blast playing with my young nieces and nephews though. They're just old enough to remember now and I won't forget any of it either! I won't need to double check my presents in the morning either to see what my wife got me. Merry Christmas! 
this was my first and it was relatively easy for the daytime. we played games i ate the food even watered down the few soft drinks i had with soda water and then stuck to soda water for the rest of the day. the hard bit was at night when my bf and rest of fam were pretty much out by 8pm and my bf just kept drinking on the veranda and i wanted go chat play a board game watch a movie anything! but he was happy to just drink by himself. luckily for me i found a really good book and jumped into bed with it. woke up early this morning and had a beach swim. it was heavenly. 
My first in 14 years. I'm 2000 miles from home for the 2nd year in a row. ..Apparently my mother passed out in Macy's while Christmas shopping 3 days ago and tore a ligament. She was drunk. My brother has to leave work to scoop her up and take her home. ..My little brother was given $150 to shop for presents for my family. Today he told them that they were stolen from his car. He spent that money on coke. ..It was fucking *HARD* and drinking briefly crossed my mind last night but you know what? ..I woke up this morning sober bright eyed bushy tailed and ready for a lovely quiet and food filled day at home with my fianc . No gift exchange for us this year because we are saving for something big. We cooked all day we watched our Xmas favorites we played with our pup and a pup we are babysitting. I did some job hunting (it never stops not even on Xmas). I set some intentions and I picked out 5 words that will be points of focus for the the next calendar year. I also ate a pint of Ben and Jerry's. Fuck. Yes. ..What an incredible day despite the family turmoil. I'm beyond blessed. 
IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT. 
Man the last couple of days have been tough. BUT. I  did it!  Congratulations to all who were able to abstain. That was no easy feat. IWNDWYT 
I'm on holiday it's sunny - perfect weather. My room faces straight onto the pool. I'm at 144 days so the novelty has kind of worn off it's not like the start were every 10 days I'm super pumped for myself. I'm craving a beer so much My brain keep telling me I can have one small bottle - but I don't think I can. 
Cheers on that with a Fanta Zero ;)
Thanks friend! My first in over a decade...first by my choice in almost 4 decades. Court orders kept me sober several times. Although being a bit under the weather it was so much better than being under a bottle! Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Coming to the end of a year of sober firsts as an adult. Christmas has been hard but I am going strong. I am committed to another year not drinking!
I failed not only on Christmas Eve but also Christmas Day. ..Today's just as hard. I called out of work (not because hangover I actually don't have a hangover but because of chronic depression) and I'm at a point now where I want to just say fuck it and go to the now opened package store for a sleeve of nips to just forget I even woke up this morning...anybody in this boat with me?
