-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9krrf/my_nephew_just_died_due_to_drugsheroin_last_year/

I posted earlier today that today I have 2 months of sobriety.  Christmas started out to be a very great day...I just got news that my nephew just passed away in the hospital.  He had shot up heroin. He has struggled with drug addiction for years.  He had just posted on facebook 4 hours ago "Merry Christmas everybody.  I love you with all my heart".   ..God bless everyone here and each day we choose to stay sober.  It's another day that we're choosing life...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for your loss friend x
Condolences - addiction is a tragedy.
Sorry to hear about your nephew an sister. IWNDWYT 
Just said a prayer for you. I am so sorry to hear about this. IWNDWYT
I'm sorry you and your family are experiencing this. I hope that through all of this you find peace over the holidays.  
Stay strong and sober!
Thank you for all of your support.  I'm sending love to all of you.  I'm grateful for my sobriety and for all of yours.  We are all blessed to be here and support one another.  
Sending so much love your way. I lost my sister to drugs. It's why I turned to alcohol thought it was "safe" since it was legal. I hope you're doing well in your grief. If you need an internet hug give me a message. 
Sorry for your loss...Hope you're able to stay strong with your journey on being sober...IWNDWYT
Sorry for your loss.
Sorry for your losses.. Stay strong friend.Iwndwyt
Congrats on 2 month mark... I'm currently at 55 days.  Let's all have strength to resist that first drink!  IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT 
Nice on the 2 months!.Also My heart hurts for your loss. Both of them. I had a dear friend OD from Heroin a few months ago. Beautiful spirit great sense of humor! I miss him often. He didn't mean to do it he just used one more time. .God bless you and what a bittersweet ride life is..IWNDWYT
I am so sorry for your loss. Hang in there my friend and thank you for posting encouragement.
Deepest condolences to you and your family.
IWNDWYT
So sorry for your loss. Been to way too many funerals the last few years. Stay strong. IWNDWYT 
I'm so sorry for your loss. We lost my step daughter to heroin four and a half years ago it breaks my heart that this terrible thing is out there killing more people every day. My condolences to you and your family. 
IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry for your losses thank you for posting. I will not drink with you today friend. 
So sorry for your loss. Iwndwyt. 
IWNDWYT!
That's awful! I'm sorry that happened. Thanks so much for sharing. IWNDWYT
Sorry for your loss. Such a sad waste of a young life..Iwndwyt 
