-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9kxeh/i_spent_80_of_2018_sober/

If i was keeping a  badge  I'd be asking for a reset. Had just over two month stretch. I don't feel like those days are gone that's why I don't like having a badge. It all counts and adds up. I want long stretches of sobriety  ultimately with no breaks. .What I learnt from this relapse is that I missed doing all the fun things I had been doing sober. We went to Seattle this weekend and I packed a couple of cameras. Never bothered to put film in one and the other only snapped pix from the hotel window. The weather was beautiful but we stayed inside most of the weekend. Didnt get the flowers I wanted for our room. Didn't read any books. Got a tattoo on my hand! Like WTF!!!! Who gets a tattoo on a whim. Yah it's kind of cute but it's 100% not what I would do sober. That's what bugs me. Sober me would have made a better decision on something so permanent. Wish I was 24 and could chalk this up to youthful stupidity. Instead I'm 37 married to a 44 yr old and we thought matching hand tattoos are a good idea       We are old stupid !! 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice..I'm just about 50%.   A hot Canada day it was
Ugggg 
Congrats!  That's an overall win for the year...I managed about 67% - every month except January February April and November...Let's both go for 100% of 2019.
I'm about 50%! Way better than I did in 2017- and I'm going to even better in 2019! ..I'm 14 days in to my third serious attempt to quit this year- but I don't consider the first two trial runs failures. I suppose I just had to make tripley sure that this is the best thing for me and the evidence I've gathered so far feels irrefutable...IWNDWYT  
I wish to have at least 30%. :o/ 2019 will cover it up! 
Well done! I made about 10 months out of 12. The sober time has been on balance much better than the drinking time. ..I drank two glasses of wine on Saturday after a bit more than 8 months sober. It didn't feel great and I woke up at 4am and took ages to get back to sleep. The next day I felt below my normal energy level. I did a gym workout that should have been easy but I was sweating horribly. So I was reminded that drinking ruins my exercise the next day. ..I'm not beating myself up over two drinks. I didn't 'lose' eight months of sobriety. I had an experience and I move on. I prefer to be sober today and that's enough. I will keep moving forward. 
