-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9n6d5/im_not_finding_any_joy_in_this/

So I'm 2 months AF Yesterday was my first sober Christmas.  It became evident early on in the day that the only thing I actually liked about Christmas day was getting drunk.  I struggled through socialising with family and in-laws and was in bed fed up by 8pm...But this is something I am starting to find since going sober damn all brings me any joy anymore and any occasions that did were only because alcohol was involved.  ..These self help books will tell you "Its not the drink that you found enjoyable its the company" I can tell you that I am very much the opposite it was all about the drink sod the company I am an introvert I very much prefer my own company...Don't get me wrong I have no desire to drink but I think I have ended up depressed by quitting.
----------immediate responses--------

When I quit drinking I started to have anxiety. I had never felt that way before. But after a while I figured that yes I had felt this way before and I had used alcohol to suppress it. So I'm wondering is it possible that something similar has happened to you with your depression that you had it all along but that now you have to face it? Sobriety makes it possible for me to deal with what causes the anxiety.
Depression could have been your underlying reason for drinking. Try and arrange to speak with a psychologist and get yourself diagnosed. There are treatments available and help is out there. You can get through this and have a happy life trust me!
For me how I felt at two months dry is different from how I feel now.  I didn't just put down the drink and welcome in a whole new joyous life.  In fact I set aside everything I knew very well and started learning a new language.  That takes time and effort before you can speak fluently and the whole time the ease and comfort of your native tongue is just waiting for you to get tired and slip back into it.  Keep at it!
I understand...I break out of this cycle by doing things for other people.  ..I move the focus from "me" to "others".  I help a neighbor.  I take goodies to work.  Buy the beverage for the person behind me in line.  I volunteer a couple hours each week in my community.  Shelters soup kitchens adults with disabilities young adults reading to the blind Goodwill and Salvation Army and on and on...I help another person stay sober...Tried meetings or volunteering?
