-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9ouo1/the_common_cold_quitting_booze/

I have the worst freaking cold right now. Sinus pressure stuffy nose and a cough so constant and intense my throat feels like razorblades and my back feels like it broke in half. We've all been there I'm sure you know the feeling...There was a time when my reaction to getting sick like this would be to drink myself into oblivion and sleep all day. There was always this internal struggle: Do I take meds for my cold or do I drink alcohol? More times than not alcohol won that debate...But this time there was no debate no tough choice no counting the hours in my head since my last drink to decide if it was "safe" to take DayQuil. This time a hangover won't add to the already-awful congestion...I feel like shit but I'm sober and THAT feels good. 
----------immediate responses--------

That was me all last week. I used it an excuse to drink for one day and ended up almost in jail. Not worth it!..&amp;#x200B;..I hope you feel better soon.
I don't think you want to have a cold and a hangover. That would be hell..IWNDWYT
Sending you thoughts of good health...Goodness I remember those internal debates especially when a cold threatened to "ruin" my weekend drinking. I would always joke that the whiskey I was drinking was "medicinal." Ah the delusion...I'm just getting over a cold myself and I'm glad that the worst issue I faced was trying to find something to soothe my throat that didn't have a lot of carbs in it (I eat a low-carb diet and cough drops are basically candy even the sugar free ones). Throat Coat tea to the rescue!..IWNDWYT! 
Hey stay strong feel better!
Sending you virtual chicken soup...
Sorry you are unwell. I hope you make a speedy recovery friend. Let's sober onwards. IWNDWYT   
I've had the flu for 2 weeks and this was my solution. My brain told me "well you already feel like shit you might as well drink to feel a bit better." WTF? Now that the flu is finally letting up and I've done my share(s) of holiday celebrating I am back on the wagon. Day 1.  Crazy what we allow ourselves to do to our body.  I was probably sicker longer than I should have been BECAUSE I let myself drink.   ...IWNDWYT. Feel better!
This one strikes home for me. I'm surrently just sitting on my couch resting and trying to get better. Dont even hesitate to take meds since I know I wont drink at all later.
I'm sick too ... Ginger tea with honey and Tylenol are saving my life! Hope you get better soon!
This hit home. I've had that same struggle of cold meds vs. alcohol so many times. "I should probably take nyquil but then I can't get drunk before bed... hmmm...." It sounds insane when you say it out loud considering alcohol is exactly the opposite of what your body needs when sick. 
IWNDWYT
I'm in day 3 and woke up with the same thing you have. At work today I was thinking  do I get some red wine when I get off and drink myself to sleep?  Ugh no I can't do that. Then tomorrow at work I'll be hungover and sick and everyone at work will know I'm hungover. It's embarrassing because when I drink it's only red wine wine for some reason and it makes me super hungover. Everyone at works knows that I'm hungover the second they see me walk in the door. So embarrassing 
[removed]
