-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9ozux/the_christmas_struggle_was_real_the_victory_is/

I was off from work Saturday Sunday and Monday while my wife worked all of those days. The struggle was REAL especially since most of my self destructive drinking would take place when she use to work an opposite schedule from me. This time I kept my mind occupied checked into SD for some support cleaned the house prepped food cuddled with the dogs etc. The night of Christmas Eve was nice people were drinking at my house and I didn't feel an urge at all my dad bought me a bottle of wine lol Kinda made me realize maybe I should be more open about how much of a problem I actually have. Regardless I ended up giving that bottle to my mother in law the next day no big deal. ..The biggest thing I realized so far in my journey is that I'm not really triggered by being around other people drinking it seems that I'm triggered when I'm home alone and I realize that I'm going to be alone for several hours. If I knew my wife was going to be working and I was going to be home alone the next day I would make sure to get an extra bottle of whiskey the day before so I didn't have to leave the house the next day to get some or get more. ..This time around I just kept busy and made sure my mind was always occupied doing something. I'm glad those 3 days alone occurred it made me realize where my real triggers are and I now know to plan ahead for days like these. Thank you all for the support and I hope your holidays are going well. ..Sober on :)  &lt;3....
----------immediate responses--------

I drank when I was alone...it was a trigger in the early days.  It got easier for me and the cravings faded. You're doing great! Congratulations! IWNDWYT 
Hi Homer. Thanks for sharing. I was the same. Being home alone was a trigger for me too. Like you I have been constantly checking in on SD for support and to be able to connect with people in the same boat in relation to alcohol. I'm so glad you are making a success of your sobriety this Xmas. Happy Boxing Day Homer. Let's sober on friend. IWNDWYT    Katherine aka Divvydend  
&gt; I'm glad those 3 days alone occurred it made me realize where my real triggers are and I now know to plan ahead for days like these...Kudos to you for doing the work needed to discover this--and gold stars for acting on this information     ! It's giving me a morning boost to read about your hard work and success. Thank you!
