-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9phqy/alright_its_on/

I'm going to quit drinking but I'm going to go about it differently than I did before. First thing I'm going to do is tell my SO that I want to stop drinking so I can be held accountable if I slip up or am thinking of having "just one". I'm also going to abstain entirely. Every time I have tried to "quit" in the past I told myself that I could have a beer or two at a restaurant because we only go out to eat a few times a month and "what's the harm if I'm not getting drunk?". Yeah that's out of the question now. No alcohol period. I'm also going to be more participatory on this subreddit. I think that I need to take this one day at a time as well. In the past I've thought more on a week-by-week basis and that clearly didn't work for me. Quitting alcohol has been my most difficult struggle and I need a place to vent and get my feelings out. Speaking of getting my feelings out I'm going to list off some reasons why I want to quit...1. Although I don't drink nearly as much as I used to and before the holidays hadn't gotten drunk in awhile my general relationship with alcohol is just so unhealthy. I waste a lot of mental energy thinking about it. If I get the chance to (like if my SO is gone on business) I get absolutely smashed and go on an all out binge. That is not what normal people do. So yeah my relationship with alcohol is unhealthy and unnatural..2. It takes me away from my hobbies and doing the things that I love. I mentioned in the last point that I don't get drunk very often (because I don't like to around my partner) but I always have two beers at the end of the day so I can get at least get my buzz. This doesn't seem like much but after we've had dinner I'm exhausted from the drink and I just don't feel like reading writing or creating music (things that I've been telling myself for a long time that I want to get back into). I usually just play video games which I also have a passion for but I don't play them with a critical eye or reflect on the content I just go on autopilot and play. .3. I know I drink because I'm bored. I tell myself it's because "It's just a relaxing thing to have at the end of the day" but in reality I'm bored because I'm not engaged in the things that I'm passionate about. I'm not engaged in the things that I'm passionate about because of alcohol. Find the cycle and break it kick the drink...There's definitely more points but I need to wrap this up because I'm hungry and I feel like this is getting ramble-y. Anyway I don't expect anyone to have made it this long but if you did thank you! I'm going to be a lot more engaged in this community and use it for support. Thanks to everyone and have a great rest of your holidays!
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya. Welcome. IWNDWYT    
Welcome! It sounds like you're coming to grips with your drinking in a good healthy way. I think everyone needs to go through the sort of experimentation you're doing i.e. trying to have a couple of beers here and there and not letting it metastasize into a full-blown habit. I've found that abstaining completely from alcohol is far easier than trying to moderate...A couple of things I've found that have helped are AA meetings which I attend most days and books like This Naked Mind. The more I learned about alcohol abuse and talked to others who experienced it the better insulated I felt against the temptation of relapse...Good luck on this journey! We're here for you.
 The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death.  A.A. Chapter 3...I am not in AA but this quote really resonated with me. Like you I tried only drinking at weekends - but when does the weekend start or end? Could it be Wednesday to Tuesday? Only drink when out for a meal? Sure eat out only seven nights a week. And so it went. I cannot moderate. And finally I understand why. I don't want to moderate - if I drink I want to get drunk. If I don't want to deal with that level of intake and after its effects I have to abstain. Congrats on being here and I will not drink with you today.
