-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/a9vqy3/i_admitted_to_my_mom_and_dad_that_im_an_alcoholic/

I was staring out the window in my parent's kitchen. My dad was reading on the couch nearby and noticed my glazed-over look when he asked "Whatcha thinking about son?" (My dad is adorable). I kept my eyes forward and holding back tears said "I mean honestly I'm thinking about how to ask you for help with my alcoholism." I told him that anything I tried on my own never worked and how no one knows how much I drink (typically 2/3s of a bottle of vodka per night sometimes the whole thing depending on how late I stay up). Crying I said "I don't want to end up like my grandfather I never met." By this time my mom has overheard and has come into the room. Almost every person on my mom's side has struggled with addiction including her dad who died of liver disease when she was 18. I tell them I'm sorry and that it isn't their fault at all. I describe how the addiction changed over the past few years--My blood went cold when I typed that last sentence. It's really hard to admit the length of time to myself. Anyway I work from home so I don't need to be up early process alcohol so effectively that I don't get hangovers and I live alone so I have literally zero accountability. I tell them about how I feel like I'm killing myself over nothing. My depression has almost completely gone away do largely to the fact that I was able to lose 55 pounds this year and got to a normal weight (even while drinking hundreds of calories of alcohol somehow). I tell them I'm literally drinking because I'm bored (maybe a touch lonely sometimes). Otherwise I'll get stressed or sad or whatever but not to the degree that caused this addiction in the first place...The main stress in my life is alcohol and I can't believe I'm in such a good position to quit. Seeing everybody else's post saying that they are 1-year sober as of today is super motivating! I'm finding an addition therapist and making a doctor's appointment so I can get my mental and physical health back on track. I told my parents that I'm going to call them when I have cravings and that it might be really late and that they will be my accountability; they were totally supportive of that and everything else. They offered to pay for the therapy even if I choose to do outpatient rehab. The only way I can repay them is to follow through for fucking once. ..I was a day late but I guess the biggest gift I gave them this Christmas is that they won't have to bury me by the next one. ..Thanks mom and dad. I love you.
----------immediate responses--------

PS: I'm in Denver so if anyone has good suggestions for therapists or groups let me know!! A faith-based program won't work for me unfortunately but if there are any recovering/recovered-alcoholic groups near Denver let me know!! Thanks! :)
This is beautiful. So glad you have the type of relationship with your parents that allowed you to approach this so openly with them. If ever one of those cravings hits at an hour when they're sleeping or otherwise not available this sub is a great place to turn to for support imo. Good luck as you begin this journey..may be difficult but I can tell you already know that the change is overwhelmingly ultimately for the best.
Excellent! Surrendering is key. I am 100% powerless over alcohol. As long as I know that I won't pick up a drink. It was important for me to find a support group. I chose AA. It was the best thing I ever did. I cannot do it alone. Working my program and being accountable to my sponsor and the many groups I goto helps me stay honest. I just continue to do the next right thing. I wish you the best! IWNDWYT 
You are amazing. 
You can do this. I'm dumb as dirt but was able to figure it out: one day at a time. You can do this. 
This story brought me to tears sending you love from FL. IWNDWYT  
My first real step towards getting sober was admitting to my parents that I had a problem I started bawling and told them I was tired. You made an important first step...I actually lived in Denver when I last drank and moved to my home town when I quit so I could be close to friends and family. It sounds like you have family in the city so you won't need to move like I did but I know Denver can be a hard city to be sober in. Focus on fitness and nature. Hiking skiing riding my bike on the cherry creek trail were all very helpful during my sober stints in Denver. I wish you the best of luck friend :) IWNDWYT 
Good job reaching out for help.  You can do this!  We're here for you too.  I will not drink with you today.
Good luck friend. I'm proud of you already. 
Be proud you've taken the first step to a terrific journey. 
Now is a great time to start on all those small projects around ur home u might  not have had time for  earlier! Thats one thing I've used to stay busy at least. Reading working out. U got this! IWNDWYT 
You should be proud for owning it and using your parents support in your recovery. I started AA in 2018 and one of our fellow members pointed out to me early on that AA is a spirituality based program and not a religious based as there is a difference. The program allows you to identify a power greater than yourself and work the steps according to your designated higher power. Some people use the group Mother Nature the universe or God formally aa their Higher Power. My best advice would be to meet people ask questions and if you don't like a particular meeting try another one because they vary greatly. Best of luck!
I hear you on the accountability thing. It definitely allowed me to get carried away drinking over the past few years knowing that as long as I got the work done nobody cared where or when I was doing it. So it became easy to drink a bunch of beers and sleep it off til 1pm then work at night. But that pattern really wears you down...Great work on that brave move. I don't have the guts to talk to my parents about it yet haha.
That was a hard conversation to have. Congratulations on having the courage to tell your parents..You sound like you've finally surrendered and things can go up from here if you work hard....Good luck and iwndwyt!!
I've never admitted I'm an alcoholic to anyone not even to myself. I only stopped drinking because I knew I had/have a drinking problem and wanted to quit before it became/developed into alcoholism. I'm not sure that's how it goes but in any event the proper treatment is to stop drinking so that's what I did. My dad was in all probability an alcoholic and I didn't want to follow him down that path. 
I am so proud of you and your strength. I told my parents this year. They have been supportive but as most say it needs to come from within. ..I know you can do it...It really is amazing how tolerance works. I was at about 3/4. And If it wasn't for the withdrawals I probably would never have tried to quit.
Well you're certainly motivated enough maybe move to your parents house for a few days or so? 
I'm so proud of you. Being honest about something this big requires a lot of bravery. We're all rooting for you! Big hugs 
Good for you! Opening to your parents was really brave! I am 4 months sober and still didnt told my relatives (i live far away) Plus they seem really supportive! Sending positive energy your way! Iwndwyt
Yo two years ago to this very day I did the same thing with my parents. It's magical.  It feels really nice to live a life that is not a slow suicide by drink. You got this! Personally I feel blessed knowing I get to talk to a person who is on the first day of one of the best most rewarding journeys into sobriety. 
Well done! You are also giving yourself a great gift! IWNDWYT 
Good for you i hope you feel empowered!..Hopefully you find somewhere and some people in Denver to help you (i'm in UK so a little far) and if you do or don't the people on this sub are absolutely fantastic and will also help you if you need it..&amp;#x200B;..Proud of ya!..&amp;#x200B;
That must have been difficult to write. Admitting it even to yourself is a good step. You sound strong and sensible. The very best of luck. 
Man you've already taken some really hard steps...I used to work from home.  And live alone...And wow it was easy to drink all night and half the day...When I realized that had a problem one of the things that I need to do was get some activities that got me out of that house and hanging out with people that weren't drinking...I ended up settling on a boot camp program.  Gyms never worked for me because they required too much self-motovation and they are a very solitary thing: I feel no less alone when I'm in a crowded place but everyone is doing their own thing...So... Boot camp.  Instructor led has classes all over several times a day.  Huge emphasis on camaraderie and mutual encouragement. ..I typically make three classes a week.  That hits my "I need people" craving without feeling the need to go to a bar and hang out with drinkers..Is it expensive?  Sure.  But far cheaper than drinking was.  It's amazing how much extra money I have...If you start feeling restless or bored... Consider picking up an activity.  Dance lessons skiing target practice... *What* it is is far less important than what it's not
One of the hardest things I did was telling my mother. Your courage is great. IWNDWYT 
Yay!!! So happy!!! Amazing to have your family on your side and you were really brave to tell them that. No matter what has happened in the past you took a big step away from that today..Don't forget that and don't be too hard on yourself. This will be the best decision of your life.' If you can I highly recommend therapy. You need to process the reasons you drink. In my experience alcohol abuse was a symptom not a diagnosis. Therapists can really help you process and you can be totally honest with them without fear of repercussions. Also look into medically assisted options like naltrexone or Antabuse. Antabuse was what helped me first get over the first hump. Good luck my friend we are all on your side and rooting for you don't forget that 
I want to congratulate you on surrendering to alcohol and for reaching out to your parents. It sounds like you're truly ready to end the struggles associated with drinking. ..For me for the first couple weeks I binged on some recovery podcasts specifically Recovery Elevator. It helped guide me through those extremely rough beginning days. There are others out there This Naked Mind Recovery X That Sober Guy The Bubble Hour etc. ..I specifically love Recovery Elevator it helped me through a lot of bad shit going on in mind. Also you can get a free 30 day trial of Audible (you can listen to books) and they give you 1 free download for that month which for me was "This Naked Mind". Definitely check that out too!
1 step at a time...   Everyday I come on this thread and tell at least one person IWNDWYT....  It has gotten me through 46 days today.   Today that person is you.....IWNDWYT
Proud of you! Openly talking to my parents about my problem and admitting that I had changed and lost myself was extremely difficult. It had been going on for years so finally letting that wall come down was terrifying but a huge relief at the same time. Good luck with your journey. IWNDWYT 
You have great courage and strength!  Self realization is an important step and wish all of US success on our journey to sobriety.  IWNDWYT
Good for you! It takes courage to do what you are doing. 
It sounds like we are or were in similar places...Drinking because you are bored or lonely. Because you have the time money ability to. .But one day you wont have this time money or ability to if you keeo drinking. And one day if not already you will be drinking to starve off shakes to be able to type accurately or read without your eyes shifting focus. .This is terrifying but its sobering...If you aren't ready to face your boredom and lonliness head on yet- which is okay very few people are able to sober up from anything and confront their issues immediately- look for less harmful alternatives. I smoke pot when I am in situations I want to drink stressful/social/celebratory. If I'm in a fog and feel I *need* to drink I will take a prescription sleeping pill but melatonin has worked for others I know to avoid harder drugs...Consider hospital. You said you work from home- is it something you could do from a bed for a few hours or days? Detoxing after years of alcohol dependency can be deadly. Valium IV fluids and a close eye are all going to be your best friend to ride it out and make it no where near as nasty...Give yourself accountability. Consider AA a small pet plants volenteer work or an online community that force you to check in periodically. If your body can handle it a sport will help you destress and feel good again as well as giving you social interaction to fight your lonliness that isnt going to revolve around booze- unless you're playing beer pong...Only be hard on yourself if it encourages healing and productivity- if you are beating yourself up just to beat yourself up you are re engaging with unhealthy coping mechanisms. ..What helped me may not help you hell it may even harm nothing works for everyone. I hope some part of this is useful..Goodluck man. It wont be easy or fast but it'll be worth it.
Congrats. Admitting your an alcoholic is the first step to recovery. You can do this. Stay healthy. 
Get out of the house!..You said you don't have to be up super early. Join a gym with your booze money. Phrase it that way in your head. Can't buy Barton's this month gotta pay that gym membership. Then phrase this... can't drink anymore because I have to get to the gym early in the morning. (Even if you don't)  it's a responsibility thing. Can't bored drink today because o have to do x tomorrow. Gym is a good one because going to the gym hungover is fucked up...probably. right now there is a bunch of specials too for the new years. You'll want to go super early to avoid the crowds...Really you just need some appointment in the morning every day to structure your day around. I'm not saying it's going to be easy I am saying you can do it. One day at a time. 
Awesome! Creating accountability by sharing your problem with others who care about you is such an important step. I'm incredibly proud of you for making that commitment! Addiction thrives on secrecy so opening up to your parents was probably one of the best things you could do to increase your chances of beating this disease. Your parents sound like fantastic people; I'm glad you have such good allies in your corner. .&gt; They offered to pay for the therapy even if I choose to do outpatient rehab. The only way I can repay them is to follow through for fucking once...So true - I'm sure they don't care whether you ever pay the money back they just want to see you healthy and happy. With such a deep family history of addiction they understand the stakes and are ready to help you fight...This community is another great resource for accountability and support. We've got your back so lean on us as much as you need!
This is mother fucking heart warming. It takes a strong person to admit that to anyone! I'm glad they have your back and I think things will get better for you. Keep at it!
The first time I openly discussed my alcoholism with my parents was heart wrenching. It sounds like they're going to be an incredible source of support in this journey for you. It gets way better from here. It'll be hard but you can do it. ..It's not for everyone but when I finally got myself to attend AA meetings sobriety really started to click for me. I wish you the absolute best! You got this. 
[removed]
This is a wonderful story! Good for you.
If you're drinking because you're bored maybe stop up on some fizzy water. I try to alternate it with my beer when I can and it at least reduced the amount of beer I consume. Still drink a shit ton of beer though lol.
I drink because I'm bored too. I have a flexible schedule as well and don't have to be up early. I have an injury and can't leave the house. Yet I have the greatest support system and still fuck up. I'm in a better position than most to stop. I understand where you're coming from. It's a rough place to be. ..I'm so happy you opened up and are getting the support you reverse. Congrats! That's hard to do. ..Why do you feel you're bored? Are you lonely? Do you feel that you're understood when you talk to others? If boredom is causing you to drink then I think a vital first step is to determine why you're bored and what kind of boredom you're experiencing. ..Best of luck to you and your family. You got this! 
You are on your way bro. 
Thank you for sharing this. I've been trying to make sense of my addiction and its suprisingly refreshing to see you word for word say what i've also been going through. Thank you again so much for this and i wish you all the blessings to fight and win this disease
I'm really happy you told your parents that they are supportive and you're taking action! My parents were not supportive and suggested my wife my job the state I lived in anything but me was the problem. I'm glad I didn't listen to them. I'm 337 days sober from alcohol and drugs today and I couldn't have done it without the support of my therapist wife and recovery group. I'm subscribed to this sub to see stuff like this to keep in the front of my mind what it's like to be new and how massive an accomplishment it is for anyone who starts on the journey to put the bottle down. 
Thank you for this post sincerely. I felt like I was reading my own words. My day 1 starts in 3 hours. ..Good luck we're rooting for you...
Wow. I think I just read my own experience. I've been 43 days sober and I've finally been able to admit that I have no power over that bitch alcohol. ..My family is my support system too.  No one in my family drinks. So I wasn't sure they'd understand where I'm coming from. I don't think they can truly understand because they haven't lived through it themselves but that doesn't matter - they unconditiinally support me. I call them cry on them and keep communication wide fucking open. I could not have made it this far without them. ..Lean on your family. Call them at 3am. Cry so fucking hard that they can't even understand you. Get that demon the fuck out of you. You can do it. I haven't been sober incredibly long but I feel the changes already. You will too. 
I'm not the most active person in this sub but I lurk around a lot; you pretty much described me one year ago to the T. All the way down to the drink of choice + amount as well as going through significant weight loss while copiously drinking at the same time...I'm at 32 days right now after slipping off the wagon in mid-late November and just want offer some encouragement. Admitting the problem to yourself and reaching out to your support group is a great start. You can do it the results are worth it and so are you...IWNDWYT
Good for you!!! It's difficult enough just to admit our faults but it takes another level of courage to be our own advocates and tell people how they can help us. Way to go!...Also if you haven't already heard of it you should check out Alan Carr's books. He has a few different versions of How to Quit Drinking ... and as someone who wasn't interested in AA it was such a source of knowledge and allowed me to have compassion for myself. I hope you can find that as well....Best of luck on your healing journey. You've already taken one of the hardest steps just keep moving forward.
Good for you! I remember telling my parents but I was already 2 months nearly 3 months sober at that time. It was one of the most difficult things I'd ever done. ..They are still in denial but they're coming around slowly. I chose to go the AA route and I introduced them to my sponsor and several close friends who have really been there for me. ..I took my dad to a meeting with me one morning. My mom may go with me someday. I find they're watching me closely so I feel like I'm walking on eggshells sometimes. But I've learned that they care which my sponsor says to be forever grateful for. ..It sounds like your parents really care and are supportive of you. Hold onto that for all you've got. It's truly wonderful. Good luck on this journey. 
You have great parents.  I'm arguing with my drunk-ass alcoholic mother about how she signed away my dad's tier 2 railroad retirement right now and my dad gets shitfaced and starts fights with me sometimes.  Oh yeah and I'm a recovering drunk too.  It wouldn't be a lie to say I'm downright Jealous of you.  Good luck with your recovery and congrats for having such good support!
I've got this nagging feeling that I know Sheila. I mean how many nurses named Sheila can there be at Denver Health?! If it is who I think it is she is seriously the most caring nurse I've yet to meet. You got lucky on that phone call! Bravo for your bravery in counting on your family for support what a courageous thing! Keep it up! Iwndwyt:)
You are one strong individual. Best wishes to you.
