-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aa05uw/ive_hit_my_rock_bottom_but_still_waiting_to_hit/

Like most of us I have a very long and complex relationship with alcohol.  I was painfully shy and awkward as a child a social pariah without any real close friends. Around my senior year of high school I discovered alcohol as a way out of that social awkwardness and isolation and being drunk was the first time I really felt comfortable in my own skin.  Of course it was a false confidence but it was better than feeling like an outsider all the time. Since then it's been touch and go from the belligerent antics of my late teens the partying phase that lasted throughout and beyond my 20s and a really messy divorce in my 30s that opened up the door for me for another round of abhorrent coping skills.  I'm still dealing poorly to this day but now I have no "reason" to drink other than I'm afraid to admit I'm an alcoholic and stop. I'm at the worst point in my life but haven't hit true rock bottom yet.  But this I mean:..I still have my job and just got a great review and raise...I've never gotten a DUI though I've driven while under the influence and have gotten pulled over a couple times before. I've been irresponsible but I've been lucky. :-(..I'm just kinda trudging through life though...I'm now in my early 40s.  Looking back on my alcoholic "career" I can pinpoint about a thousand incidents where my drinking has caused me trouble. Lost relationships friendships injuries destruction of property probably tens of thousands of dollars pissed away over the years.  I'm fat lonely depressed and no matter how I badly I mess my life up I keep doing it again and again because I've been able to pick up and get on with my life without any true detrimental life-changing consequences. Other than the fact that I'm basically a walking zombie in need of help...I'm still struggling with the term "alcoholic" because I feel like it can be so much worse.  To accept the term alcoholic means there's no coming back from that to become a "normal" drinker again. ..Just a couple of weeks ago I fell asleep with my kitchen sink running and damaged my downstairs neighbors' apartment. I have yet to deal with the fallout from this...Why am I waiting for a true disaster to occur to get help?
----------immediate responses--------

Why do you think?
I find that accepting oneself as alcoholic does nothing it is only adding to a sense of guilt and that makes us drink more.  I have not been to rehabs or involved in a DUI. I had only once a headache in all my history of drinking even though I could drink for a week non stop.  Each drinking person is different. But eventually with continued drinking a DUI is possible health problems will appear. Even more damage comes from missed opportunities in life. A person who drinks is not as intelligent as a sober self so the taken decisions are a second rate decisions and those bad decisions impact the whole life.  Better is not to drink at all. 
I don't use the term alcoholic myself but does it really matter?  Will the label change the facts of your life?  Does no label mean no water damage?  No liver damage?  No embarrassing moments?  ..Some people here would say I am an alcoholic.  Others would say I am not a true alcoholic because I was able to turn it around on my own.  But the facts of my life remain the same in any case and I found a way out of it that didn't require the proper label to succeed.
I found there is no use in delaying stopping drinking.  It doesn't matter if I'm an alcoholic or not; alcohol is not doing anything positive for my life.  So I don't drink it. ..I found just starting with a dry month to see if I could learn to enjoy a life without alcohol was a good starting point.  I actually prefer being a non-drinker.  I never thought I'd say that.  It is possible.  You can do it.
I could have wrote most of this.  I can fill in the 50's for you it gets worse.  Little by little.  At 59 I finally said fuck this and started going to meetings.  I was sick and tired of being sick and tired.  I'm never going back I've done my time.  It feels good to live again with a clear conscience and peace of mind.  Truly awesome.  Get a plan and make the move and don't look back.  No need to do it alone.  Say farewell to booze and hello life!  I believe in you my friend  
\&gt;  Why am I waiting for a true disaster to occur to get help? ..There is such a thing as being comfortably miserable.  I was there.  Like you I had a good job I had a sense of professionalism I volunteered blah blah.  But I was an automaton in many ways never really fully there.  It was the same boring exhausting loop of alcohol frayed nerves anxieties alcohol and on and on.  Like a ghost cursed to relive the same story every day.  ..As you wrote once upon a time booze paid off it served a purpose.  It was reliable.  But it's a deal with the devil.  The problem is by the time it stops working you've already lost traction in most other areas of your life.  Instead of relationships and interests you've got the bottle for company.  And that's a sad lonely place to be.  So we cling tighter to our little teddy-bear-booze because it's now a scary world out there and we are smaller and weaker for the poison that corroded our well being...Don't get hung up on "alcoholic."  It's a vast complicated spectrum of disorders.  Would you say booze is being a net negative in your life?  If so then why not *try* some time without it?  Don't you owe yourself that much?  See what life is like after a month off.  Get a therapist.  Read some books like This Naked Mind.  In time you might realize you're not giving anything up at all.  The crazy thing is that you can't realistically decide which life you want - booze or no booze - until you've tried both...I started off two years ago planning to just go a month dry.  Then I kicked to two three six a year two years.  If you said now I could either keep going with my life as it is but introduce myself as an alcoholic to every single person I met or start again a sickly relationship with alcohol I would in a flash and with great joy shout from the rooftops "I'm an alcoholic!!"  But in reality when I go about my life if anyone offers me a drink I just say "nah" and if I order a NA beer at a bar I just say I gave up drinking.  And if people think I must have been pan-handling at the bus station to buy mouth wash to guzzle well I. don't. care.   I have myself again. ..I wish you the best amigo.  Whatever you do keep coming back here.  
Like you when I got sober I had a good job many friends a nice home and a seemingly happy successful life. But I was miserable because I couldn't stop drinking no matter what I tried. Since I got sober I've realized that the only reason my "bottom" wasn't as low as others was that I am a relatively affluent white man from a good supportive family and with a good education. Absent these privileges I am certain I would have ended up on the street...There's no law that says you have to reach certain milestones to qualify as an alcoholic. An alcoholic is a person who struggles with alcohol use; that when he drinks "in moderation" he doesn't enjoy it and when he enjoys it he isn't drinking in moderation. Alcoholics often think that others possess some secret way of handling their drinking and that if he can simply learn how he can drink "normally" and not suffer the consequences. But non-alcoholics simply drink in a healthy way and not think about it. There's no secret. They're just different from people like me and perhaps you...A disaster doesn't have to be one incident with direct consequences. I spent several years in my twenties and thirties feeling perpetually frustrated with life; that I wasn't living up to my potential. I couldn't figure out why. It didn't occur to me that I was an alcoholic for the same reasons that you're struggling with the question too. Were all those wasted years not a disaster? I sometimes think of where I'd be had I had the sense to get sober when I first realized I drank too much at the age of 22. But then I simply feel grateful that I quit when I did 14 years later...I think you should be commended for having the courage to write this post and grapple with this question publicly. Keep checking in keep coming back. Good luck!
My story is very similar to yours never hit real rock bottom but plenty of negative impact in my life... and I got very lucky as well. But I knew my luck was running out. We can't beat the odds all our life. At some point we'll run out of luck. My greatest fear was to hit someone with my car and severly hurt or even kill him/her. I couldnt live with myself for the rest of my life...I compare my drinking carreer as a crazy train without any pilot and breaks. It is going faster and deeper with time... and eventually it will hit a wall and derail in a spectacular fashion. It is just a matter of time. I have stepped out of that train. I feel safe and sound. But I know that if I take one more drink I'll get back on that train at the exact same spot as I left it... and moving ever closer to that wall. ..I hope you can step out of your own train before it is too late!
Man I could have written this word for word a couple of years ago (hah actually except for the 'messy divorce' part because my alcoholic ass was too gross for anyone to want to date!) This is a great realization you've come to and I got lucky enough to come to the same one before things got too bad. As someone told me in a SMART meeting--when you're on an elevator that's going down you don't have to ride all the way to the basement. You can get off anywhere you want. That really hit home for me...Here's what helped: I had a good job that I was doing well in that I had somehow gained good standing in and was really enjoying it. This was after a few years of under- and/or unemployment. But I could feel my drinking getting worse and I didn't want to sacrifice my job which I knew would happen eventually if I kept going the way I was. That little bit of hope was the ray that I held onto...Now that I had insurance (thanks to the job!) I found a primary care doctor who had good ratings online for being a kind and patient listener--and told her everything. (Until then I had been going to specialists for every little thing just to avoid the dreaded "how much do you drink?" question! Have a cough? Go to a pulmonologist! Yikes...) Anyway that doctor saved my life. She listened attentively and didn't judge me. She referred me to an outpatient rehab center that was nearby and had a great reputation so that I wouldn't have to take time off of work to get help. She sat there with me while I made the call to make an appointment...You don't have to do this alone and you CAN do it. You don't have to be a bum under a bridge to be an alcoholic. I thought that way too and that kept me from seeking help for a really long time. You can do this and you're worth it. Even if it's just hanging here and posting and commenting please keep letting other people in.
This is your mind warning you of the inevitable if you continue down this road...Just like when you get a gut feeling and it turns out to be true. It's the same thing...You are going to play this game with your mind until it actually happens. Then you're in deep. And you don't want to be there...Count your blessings and find a new path now before you find yourself saying  gee I wish I would've listened to my intuition ...Trust me on this one...Best of luck! 
You don't need to be an  alcoholic  to have a better life without alcohol.
Hey! I'm early 40 s too and my girls laughed at me when I said I think I have a problem. I had 2 kidney infections in one year which required 2 trips to the emergency room.... no fun at all.  Best friend a nurse and tells me that I'm tripping and it had nothing to do with the alchohol and I to chill.  She's a big drinker but not as bad as me. No one knew how bad I was cause I would drink alone and blackout alone at home. We know what our rock bottoms are. We know our bodies. You will not be alone in your struggle. It's hard as fuck but SD has helped me. It is the people on here and you that make me strong. Your amazing and not alone.  
I hated the term "alcoholic" when I was first realizing I had a pretty big problem but now that I've been off the booze for a while I don't give a fuck about the terminology. Using the strategies that were popular amongst "alcoholics" is what helped me escape the from the evil fun house that my life had become...I read *Recovery* by Russel Brand recently and in it he said a lot of people quit substance abuse after a "rock bottom" incident because finally something has stopped the out of control merry-go-round the addict is on long enough for him or her to get off. I think there's something to that theory. What would I say to someone like yourself who is freaking out on that crazy out of control merry-go-round? I would say "jump off! you'll be fine!"..I jumped. It was scary and it was tough recovering from the "ride" but it was fucking worth it. Worth it. 
If your sink flood weakened your floor and you fell through to the basement would that be rock bottom enough?
You sound a lot like me. There was no rock bottom or big fallout. Just me unable to go a day without drinking for 15 years. A walking zombie like you say. ..There doesn't have to be a rock bottom in my opinion. Living like that is bad enough. It's a life half-lived and it's shit. We deserve better...IWNDWYT!
