-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aa15ss/controlled_falls_aka_planned_relapses/

I'm relatively new to recovery (1 month)  I'm getting married in the fall and was wondering if allowing myself to drink at my bachelor party which would be late summer is something  that is plausible. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I guess personally I just think of my time being sober is worth more to me than a night of drinking. Something a lot of alcoholics struggle with is how to have fun without booze. It's something only you can decide.
There is only one question that needs to be answered:..Can you control your drinking 100% of the time?...If so I'm not sure why you are here.  ..If not I'd strongly advise against it.  Things are different for different people I can only share what it's like for me.  ..I did something similar on October 6 2012.  I was going to just have a couple of drinks that night and then go back to dry.  Five years of terrible blackout unable to stop drinking relapse followed before I finally hit bottom and could stop again.  ..I am an alcoholic (I don't know if you are).   I can not safely ingest alcohol.  If I do I have no idea what will happen that day.  Or the next day.  Or the next week.  I many times intended to drink just that day I was never successful.  ..I don't know what has brought you to this sub but few are the folks that came in feeling good.  You probably have a drinking problem if you're here.  If so guard your recovery with your life. ..Best wishes for a happy new year and I hope you make good decisions for you.  
For me what it comes down to is a series of questions:  Why do I want to drink?  What will alcohol give me that some other beverage will not?  Can I enjoy myself without alcohol?  How will I feel about myself the next day?  Am I choosing to drink for myself or for someone else?  Is it worth it?..Another thing I've realized is that worrying about the future does me no good.  Rationalizing drinking on some future date just sets a thought in my mind that it's okay to drink.  I just worry about the day at hand and try to live the best day I can today without alcohol and deal with tomorrow when it comes. 
That's a question that's purely for personal yourself control. ..I drank over the Christmas weekend and I'm fine this week. ..It's about how strong your will power / routine is. 
Thank you for the advice. For now I think one day at a time and cross that bridge when I get to it. 
its the same as saying "i'll only drink on saturday" that one day runs your life.
I'm an alcoholic. I understand that I have a chronic condition that is there for a lifetime. I never drink. The last thing I would do is ruin my wedding by being hungover. I don't need a drug to celebrate anymore. If you are an alcoholic drinking would be very risky in my opinion. 
