-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aaa2j3/im_so_tired_of_relapsing/

Maybe I'll get it right this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Try not to be down. Relapses are a part of the recovery process. I feel like each time it happens we learn something new. Today is a new day. Chin up you got this...I will not drink with you today  
Hiya. You can do this friend. IWNDWYT   
2018 has been The Year of the Relapses for me.  ..I am SO looking forward to 2019...I've got all my relapse experience behind me and am ready for the real thing...An alcohol free life.
So what are you going to do differently?  ..Many of us needed outside help be it therapy or a program such as smart AA refuge recovery...  
You are not alone.  I started out great in August.  Startled to fizzle around October.  Then off and on (more off than on) since October.  Nothing horrible.  I just know how much better I feel when I don't drink and how much more I am able to a achieve my goals.  ..We can only keep trying.  For today IWNDWY.
Keep going! Maybe try to look at relapses as useful field experiments. They can help teach you about triggers etc.
Keep reading keep posting! You are always welcome here. 
Been there recently myself
IWNDWYT
On day 2 myself. Looking forward to day 3...The more dry days you have the better. Don't beat yourself up if they're not all consecutive. Guilt leads to the bottle for me EVERY time.
Hey I understand and even with a little time under my belt it's easier and easier to forget why I'm sober. I've been crazy this month and finally realized I'm angry that I can't check out of reality. I know what drinking will do to me any substance that's mind altering really and I just can't use. I spiral out pretty quickly and my mental health goes out the window. ..Just take it one day at a time. I forget to do that a lot and future or past trip and screw up my focus. ..IWNDWYT. Take care  
You don't have to relapse you know. :)
I'm glad that you're back! I remember when you were posting before and you've had a lot on your plate this year. ..I've relapsed a couple of times myself and really struggled to get traction in sobriety again afterwards. What has helped me is making a plan of consistent actions I can take to support my sobriety...This time around my plan was to post here daily which helps provide me with support and accountability as well as helping to keep me focused on my sobriety. ..I do some recovery related reading first thing in the morning out of a couple of daily meditation books. (They can be found for free at recoveryreadings.com)..I'm also going to real life support group meetings getting actively involved with the group and working with a sponsor. This has been helpful in a lot of ways and helps keeps my head in a good place...I look forward to seeing you around here. It will get better getting started again is the hardest part.   IWNDWYT 
Get your ass to AA. Get a hardcore sponsor. Decide why you want to get and stay sober...Took me about 6 weeks of daily meetings to not want to drink 99% as much as I used to...And I was doing a bottle of vodka a day on a bad day.....Alcohol has a powerful pull. I couldnt do it by myself. You have to put quitting first second and third on your priorities list...i was only going to get worse and make my life worse. ..Eventually itll catch up with you - illness accident death jail hospital...whatever. ..Where as sobriety is easy and fun once you get into it. The choice is yours...IWNDWYT
