-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aaanbq/struggling_today/

I'm at 17 days without a drink. For some reason today i'm struggling. I don't want a drink but somewhere in the back of my mind I really do. Any advice? Does anyone have any "tricks" to calm their subconscious?
----------immediate responses--------

I discuss with a sober support person and go to a meeting.
If you're interested perhaps you could attend a meeting?..For me I find that it's easier when I speak with other people that are suffering from the same disease...You've got 17 days congrats! And great job on reaching out. Please keep posting!
Urges hasubsideppen especially in the beginning.   There are a lot of tricks you can play.   It helps to remember that urges always pass.  Always.  They cannot last forever.  And all they are is discomfort.  Nothing more.  ..DEADS is an acronym that can help you remember some tricks to kill an urge.   There are others.  ..Delay escape accept distract substitute.  ..Delay:   Tell yourself that you will think about having a drink "later."  Sometimes that appeases the itch and it subsides.  By the time "later" arrives you could be doing something else entirely.  ..Escape:  Escape the environment that is prompting the urge.  Sitting at home and suddenly start looking around the wine cabinet?   Grab your coat and bolt.  Hit Starbucks take a walk etc.  ..Accept:   Remind yourself that this is an urge and it will pass.  "Urge surfing"   It will run out of fuel and subside eventually.  ..Distract:   Give your brain something else to do.  Who is your favorite character on Game of Thrones?  Why?   ..Substitute:  Swap good thoughts for bad ones.   Instead of saying things like "I am getting the itch to have a drink..." say something like "OK I can handle this and it's only going to make me stronger...."..&amp;#x200B;..Every time you fight off an urge subsequent ones are weaker.  Maybe not linerally but they weaken over time for sure.  Just hang in there!   It defintiely gets easier.  
IWNDWYT
For me it's leaving the house or wherever I am and talking a good brisk walk or some kind of exercise. Get yourself anything else (within reason!) you want instead. Ice cream? Coffee? Refocus your mind on some other pleasure and enjoy the natural endorphins from a little exercise.
Thanks all i'm going downtown for a coffee and a walk :)
Find some other sober alcoholics to hang out with. We are super easy to find because we tend to hang out at AA meetings. 
Coffee and chocolate! 
