-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aabh7w/poor_me_poor_me_pour_me_another_drink/

Hey guys  This is my first time posting here this go around.  Today is day nine for me.  I am definitely not feeling the joy of sobriety yet.  I know in my brain that this will get better but in my heart I'm just not feeling it.  I can't see any realistic path from where I'm at to where I want to be.  For example once I'm sober I need to get a job and what if I can't find one or I can only find one that I hate?  My first time in sobriety I made a friend at my first meeting and spent almost every waking hour with him which really helped to keep me out of my own head.  I managed to stay sober for seven years.  But that was five years ago and I've struggled to put any time together since then.  I just feel like there's no way for me to get back to the peace and serenity I used to live in.  I've got so long to go.  I know this is just my disease trying to strip away any hope from me so that my only option is to drink again.  The only thing keeping me away from the liquor store is equating drinking with suicide.  I'm not desperate enough to kill myself so that only leaves sobriety.  Right now it feels like a choice between two really bad options.  I really need some faith that the universe is going to help me in ways that I can't imagine right now.  This is a temporary problem but it feels very permanent at the moment.  Can any of you share a way that sobriety has worked out in a way that you never would have imagined when you started?  I want to keep going but my tank is empty and I could really use some hope right now.  Sorry this is such a downer but maybe you can use it as reinforcement to keep going in your journey.  It really hasn't gotten any better out here on the other side of the fence.  Thanks for indulging my little pity party today.  It's really helped me to get this off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

Okay so here is what happened to me.  I was trapped in a nightmare drinking every day benders on weekends.  I had no hope and wanted to die...I got help and took it one day at a time.  In 2018 my life transformed.  I finished a degree and got a promotion.  I'm at peace and free...I would just take everything one step at a time.  I interviewed for four different positions at the organization I work for. The process took a couple of months.  It all seemed so much but I just took the next step.  Same thing with sobriety: I just don't drink today and good starts building...You did seven years which is way more than I've ever done.  You can do this! IWNDWYT 
Being sober for the first 30 days suck I had my fair share of struggles with wanting to stay sober and wanting to drink. It's okay to feel the way you do experiencing what we truely feel is an important part about sobriety. My therapist recommend reading more about suppression vs. acceptance of negative emotions having emotions that are positive and negative are part of human nature. Take care OP
The alcohol has not cleared you system yet it takes 10 or more days. Try reading  alcohol explained   by William Porter or  This Naked Mind  by Annie Grace to change your perception of what alcohol does to your brain and body...You are posting here and all of us here a SD are here to listen. Keep coming back post all you want. Sorry for your bad day but IWNDWYT.    
Life will never be perfect but as you have already experienced in the past it is better without alcohol. Hang in there this time around. Take it one day at a time and try not to focus on the things out of your control right now. Things you can control: not picking up the first drink applying for jobs you think you might tolerate or like being on time to interviews getting up and dressed in the morning eating decent food getting some excercise calling old friends or family you like checking in here self-care like brushing teeth and taking a shower. Simple things that are guaranteed to make you feel a little better. All the best to you.
I am newly sober. .A lot hit me at once. I lost a job my sister died and I starte drinking an ended up in detox. .After detox and a recovery program I am still not feeling great. ..However I was freaking out about a job so I got one. Doesn't pay well but I took it. I had to get out of the house. My former job was very well paid so I miss those big checks but I am paying my mortgage...For now I don't quite see my new life. My identity is changing but I can't really see the sober me yet. I still don't feel great physically but I am not pushing myself. I really need to get my house in order but I don't have the energy...I remind myself that I am in the midst of a major life change. It is painful but I think the worst is over. In time I will find the new me maybe go back to a high paying job. But for now I go to AA I see my therapist and I clean other people's houses. ..I am grateful.
Just FYI there is a book called Pour Me by a UK journalist and recovered alcoholic called AA Gill. He died a few years back but the book takes you through his pre and post alcoholism life. Its funny and well written and calls out all of the things any alcoholic would know (the funniest being bad toilet accidents). He was a pal of Jeremy Clarkson if that helps. ..The very best for your journey from one alcoholic to another. 
Ok Allan Johnson. 
