-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aaczlu/i_made_it_through_the_holidays/

And I didn't have a single goddamn drink! I'm so proud of myself I could cry! ..I'm a bartender and all month long (I quit for good on Nov. 30) people were asking to buy drinks for me after my shift for the Christmas season. I continuously declined or transferred them to my coworkers. I was even gifted a $30 liquor store gift card   which I used to buy gifts for friends and family. I bought my boyfriend a beautiful martini set. I bought rye for my Mom. ..Christmas Eve day and Boxing Day I had family events where everyone was drinking. I played bartender and made countless drinks for the entire family   caesars apple jacks martinis... you name it I made it. But did I indulge? Not even once. I had a baby *virgin* caesar and that was it. I didn't even touch the wine that was poured for me (despite my protests) at Christmas dinner. ..My stepfather who was 8 years sober just revealed a brutal relapse. I cried when I found out. He's not showing any signs of stopping. It just made me realize how fragile sobriety is. My sister was drunk every moment of the holidays complete with a violent outburst. I am surrounded by alcoholics. I'm scared for them. I don't want anybody to ever be scared for me again. ..Next stop: NYE and our bartending staff party which is taking place at a nightclub. ..27 days sober. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! You rock. I made it too :) feels so good and I feel more motivated. Like I made it through *Christmas* I'm not fucking it up now just for some random Thursday...I'm sorry about your stepfather. It's so hard seeing people relapse. I hope he comes around. 
Me too!!! Congrats!
Good for you!!!
I've got less time than you but I'm also a bartender and I know how difficult that makes it. You rock!..IWNDWYT!
You are a rockstar!!!   
NYE is going to be a toughie but you've got this  
Congrats on 27 days sober!  Keep resisting that first drink!  Strength and courage for the coming new year!  IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Congrats on making it through Christmas. NYE is a huge drinking day...I never gifted anyone around me anything liquor related. My family stopped those gifts decades ago. I'm happy that most of my direct and extended family does not drink or drink very modestly. There are a couple of continuing heavy drinker/stoners in the family and they don't really associate with us anymore...Here's to joining you on not drinking on New Years (and dry January).
