-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aadlbt/it_gets_easier/

I can't tell you how frustrated I was when I would read this over and over. I thought I would feel great after 30 days and when that didn't happen I thought "okay 60 days for sure". 90 days came and went and I asked myself "why am I doing this if its going to be this hard forever?" At six months things were better but I was still frustrated in certain situations. I held on to the blind faith that life would be better that things are still adjusting up to and beyond a year...Things didn't immediately change for the better I didn't experience a pink cloud. It's been a slow process but everything worth while is. It means I experienced the uncomfortable things so that I could learn how to be present in everything good bad or otherwise and how to process it. ..At one year I've hit my stride. I'm still tempted sometimes I still feel like I "miss" drinking but those feelings are small bumps instead of big waves. I acknowledge those feelings and I move on. This year hasn't been all perfect but it's gotten easier. I can't believe that it's actually my turn to post on my one year anniversary!..If you're struggling just give it more time. You tried it the other way why not keep going? I promise you will never regret not drinking. I promise it gets easier... Happy new year! XOXO
----------immediate responses--------

Great post! I feel like I have no right to comment on whether it is easy or hard having only reached the two week milestone a couple of times. This time it has been 'easier' which is hopefully a sign of greater inner strength. I like the 'small bumps' vs 'big waves' metaphor - though I have not yet experienced any crushing big waves this time around I know all too well that it only takes a small one to knock me down if I am not careful! ..For my part I cannot say that there has been any pink cloud but I do feel better (at least as good as when I would not drink for a couple of days). Like you say it is hard to imagine that I will regret not drinking... so far as I know I don't know of anyone who said at the end of their life "I wish I had spent more time drunk"...
Hiya. Congratulations on one year. Your post is so inspiring. Best wishes for your continued sobriety. IWNDWYT    Katherine aka Divvydend  
Thank you for sharing and huge congratulations on your amazing 365 days sober    
Thank you for sharing. Congratulations on one year! Happy new year! 
Congratulations on a year! It got easier for me too! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation !
Bloody hell has it been a year already? I remember your first post!..Doesn't the time fly eh.....Congrats on your milestone Purely and Fizzy-Water-Cheers to many more to come!!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congrats and Happy New Year!
Great post! Your hard work has paid off and it's only getting better.
Congrats! Way to hang in there and keep the faith even though you had your doubts and frustrations. I love your point  you tried it the other way  - congrats to you keep going! 
Congratulations and thank you. It's hard right now. I hope it gets easier for me too :)
This almost made me cry. Thanks for sharing 
Agree Thank you for sharing! IWNDWYT
Congratulations on one year of Freedom!!!   
Thanks for posting that. I keep hearing people talk about this drastic improvement after a couple months. Here I am with 7 months and still waiting.  You've convinced me to give it another day
It does get easier! I can relate to your experience - I didn't get the whole pink cloud thing either. Life was ok I made it through the early days weeks and months but there were times...boy oh boy! People saying it all is great by day 6 or 7. That was bullshit for me day 6 and 7 were my worst - super bitchy those two days - enough to remember them!..Congrats to you one year is amazing!!!! It does get easier!
It can feel especially daunting seeing people posting that have such large numbers and youre sitting there sweating on day 3 but it really is true it does get easier. Congrats on a year of living without the fog.
Congrats on the year and thanks for the inspiration today! Iwndwyt!
Yeah.  I always pause at the notion that "it gets easier". I think it definitely gets different - and in many ways that *different* is easier and it is most certainly better. Subtle but solid distinctions in my mind :)..Congratulations on one full year - that is a heck of a milestone!
Congrats
Congratulations and thank you. I force myself to be patient because what other option do I have? Like you said it's not like I didn't give the alternative every chance to work. But that promise of things to come feels hopeful so I'm grateful to you for reminding me. 
Happy days you keep going now and don't look back! :)
Well said wishing you a strong year ahead.
Sober twinsies. Congrats friend. &lt;3 
Good job congrats.
Oh thank you for this!
Thank you for posting this. I need to hear it!..Right now I seem to be hanging on one day at a time while my addicted brain tells me that just one would be okay. Ok maybe two. Fuck it maybe half a bottle...IWNDWYT 
