-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aaj2oq/poverty_worship/

I like that term. I use to never drink barely a drop. See my father he's going to die soon he is lucky our family has good health so his body like mine can put up with it. But he won't make it past his early 70s I known it he's already a waste I'll get the call in the next 10 years that he's dead or dieng soon. Last time I heard from him he was in prison. He's going to drink himself to death just like my grandfathers on both my Mom and Dads side. I mean at least thats is if he can stay out the institution. But point is I feared that'd be my future an alcoholic so I use to stay away from the bottle. See like I said I use to never drink but by my mid 20s it went from drink socially to drink occasionally at home to drink at University to drink on the job. Everytime I had an excuse for why I'd do it and why it escalated. But you know deep down you recognise things are messed up when you have to drink to get through work. But that is not even my worse at my darkest I accepted my future fine I'm going to die from alcoholism lets do this I finished University unlike anyone in my family but started to tell myself sure I'll end up homeless sounds fun drink all day and no work or in jail fine I'll fight another man and win sure! (Really!!??). How messed up is that mentality? The liqour was talking and I got to the point it was a lifestyle I told myself it was a choice to live like this and its fine. Poverty worship. But deep down nobody wants that respect to all those who struggle but nobody wants to wake up on a sidewalk or in a prison cell. I was on that path until I stopped and I can't go back but I need more support my addiction always wants to dictate my life. I always want to go back to the bottle I spent all day fighting with my mind. Your stories all help thank you! and I am going to give AA a chance tomorrow...Never forget the depths of alcoholism. For all of those of us who can't handle our drinking the depths of misery are endless so sobriety is the only lifestyle for us.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck man  you can do this ..One day at a time 
I think I can relate to what you're saying in some way. I too at some point had accepted the fact that I would die from this poison in one way or another. After resigning to that fact I think I felt that I had nothing to lose &amp; if I did lose something... well so fucking what? And yeah it's a totally fucked up mentality that just fueled my drinking...I'm super proud that you &amp; I realize that it was a crazy way of thinking. I too never want to go back to that shit. I hear you man the pits are truly endless; I don't want to find the bottom of that pit since it surely ends with nothing but death.
 You recognize things are messed up. .Man that is the truth. And somehow you find a way to be proud of it. ..I used to take such pride in being the last man standing in a drinking session with friends often going at it until the sun came up the next day not passing out until about 8am. Somehow this proved that I can inflict the most pain on myself and still be alive. ..Glad you're here. Stay strong and happy new year!
