-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aam0e9/wow_i_grossly_underestimated_the_swindler_that_is/

I relapsed last night but I'm not going to beat myself up about it because I underestimated what kind of threat I'm up against. I was also unaware of some triggers that lead me to drinking but I know them now so I feel better equiped to move forward. Some thoughts from the swindler that "gave me permission" to drink last night:..&amp;#x200B;.."This choice to abstain is a New Years resolution and resolutions start on the 1st so just get it all out of your system until the 1st and then you'll really stop."..I'm meeting with a friend tomorrow who has gone a year without drinking and I thought: "You can drink now and then when you get some advice from him you can really have a go at this.".."Your anxiety is terrible how could you possibly sleep like this? You need some wine to calm your nerves and get a good night's rest."..Alcohol is normalized in my parents place so there's wine everywhere: "Once you leave and go back to your apartment where there isn't any alcohol then you can really stop. It's just too difficult to stop drinking here and why bother? You can stop in the new year."..&amp;#x200B;..and so on and so on.....&amp;#x200B;..I know for a fact that I didn't even really want to drink last night because I sat with a full glass of wine beside me for like 20 minutes before I even took a sip. ..&amp;#x200B;..Again I'm not going to beat myself up about it because I didn't realize that I was up against such a smooth talker. But now I know and I'm better equipped to deal with it. The only thing I'm upset about is that I made a point of posting on here when the mental gymnastics start up and I didn't do that last night. This subreddit is a huge form of support and I really need to utilize it. Anyway that's another rambling post for you. I just needed to get my feelings on a page so I can move forward. IWDWYT for sure and hopefully I can keep a good streak going now that I'm better equipped to deal with this monster I have in my brain. 
----------immediate responses--------

My brain would come up with endless rationalization to drink.  I used to drive home and say  if one of the next five billboards has alcohol in it then I should drink.   Madness.  The answer for me was simple: drinking is wrong for me. Best wishes to you ! Once I learned that alcohol always lies to me the answer became simple.  IWNDWYT 
Man I'm really new to this sub but I recognise the mental gymnastics. I told myself I would give up alcohol two days ago. That afternoon both my mom and my step dad made me a drink each that when i wasn't drinking they made a big deal of it so I drank them. Then said we'll I'll just drink everything till the first and give up properly then.........
CunningBafflingPowerful....
I wanted a "reward" today after a long hike. Dummy! The hike IS the reward! This is a lifetime of re-wiring our thoughts. Just recognizing that we've been conned by alcohol is a great first step :) IWNDWYT
