-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aamfd3/curioushow_many_people_here_identify_as/

I'm creeping up on a year of sobriety and feeling strong and 100% content in my decision to stop drinking. However.....I still struggle with how to communicate this to people in my life. Even those who are close to me. Over the holidays I mentioned to a close-ish friend (who knows I'm not drinking) that I had bought a special bourbon barrel non-alcoholic stout. And he said jokingly  What are you? A recovering alcoholic?  ..It stung. Many people in my life think I'm not drinking for health reasons. And I've done nothing to correct them. The whole  you don't owe anybody an explanation  thing. ..But it's also a comfy/convenient way for me to avoid the stigma of alcoholism. Because while I can say (to myself) that I was a problem drinker that I abused and overused alcohol...the label alcoholic is like a bridge too far. I just can't seem to go there without falling into a shame spiral. ..Maybe it's all semantics. But that moment with my friend is sticking with me enough that I'd like to hear from others. ..On one hand if I'd looked at him and said  Yes I am.  he probably wouldn't joke like that in the future. But that might also inspire judgment pity etc. in him. And shame self-loathing in me...Or I could laugh it off and not care about what he thinks as long as I know I'm doing the right thing for me. That's where I think I'm ending up. But is it a cop-out? Is declaring your status somehow important? And is my reluctance to do so a sign that I'm not in it for the long haul?..Ugh. Thanks for any insight. IWNDWYT. ........
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I certainly relate with this post. It is a strange territory for me as well. It helped me to read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. She was very helpful in pointing out that alcohol is a nasty addictive poision and that you don't have to be an "alcoholic" for it to wreak havoc on your life. I feel like I would definitely be classified as an alcoholic by standard terms but I don't often think about it like that. I more see it as that if I drink I'm done for and I lose a lot of good things in my life. I hate the whole awkwardness with family and friends. Particularly concerning for me is my family. They all drink a LOT at family gatherings and I RESENT the fact that no words are said they just break out the wine glasses and don't get one for me. I wonder what they say about me behind my back. "Oh crazycatco is an ALCOHOLIC so don't offer him any wine.." as they overindulge themselves. I think I have come to realize that it is not so much an issue of if we are "alcoholics" but rather our whole country has an unhealthy view of alcohol. That if we stop drinking or pause to question our relationship to alcohol there is something "wrong" with us. This is because a huge amount of people question their own relationship with alcohol and when you question yours then they automatically don't know what class to put themselves in. So I don't know if that even really answered your question but I guess I am also on the fence on whether I consider myself an "alcoholic" or not. I guess it really does not even matter. What matters is that I know alcohol is a poison to my life and I need to stay away from it. I know that I am healthier without drinking. I know that I am becoming more comfortable being confident in my decision not to drink regardless of what other people think or say. It's my life not theirs. I would highly recommend This Naked Mind book that was the best insight I've gotten around this topic. I will not drink with you today!
[Here](https://www.thetemper.com/is-it-time-to-ditch-the-term-alcoholic/) is an article I recently shared on SD called *Is It Time to Ditch the Label "Alcoholic"?*..The label does more harm than good in my opinion. I don't call myself one - tho I ***know*** I can not drink responsibly. ..Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. 
I'm with ya. Most of the drinkers in my life who know I've stopped figure I'm not an alcoholic because I was able to walk away from it when I wanted to. Because alcoholics CAN'T stop. Or something. At least that's what's been conveyed to me...Like another post said I don't think the label is particularly helpful. There's a huge stigma attached and that can have very tangible consequences in real life. If declaring that helps someone live their best life then that's great but knowing for myself that my drinking was a problem and holding me back is enough.
I believe your stance in not caring much what others think is the best. I don't personally like the  alcoholic   label it's old and I feel confers being active in drinking. I'm not sure the best way to describe ourselves  alcohol use disorder   is technically accurate. ..Curious how others define it or describe it to friends. It seems an aberration to show up to gatherings and contribute and be fully involved then put yourself in the  alcoholic   category.  It's a strong label and can tend to put one into a  free pass   or a not  useful   segment. ..From what I see on this SD blog we are mostly still pulling our weight or working to do so So it is best to put our condition in a positive light ..I'm personally describing my alcohol situation as more of a medical thing-it makes me itchy and flushed I feel stuffy etc. All of these reactions have come about recently. Guess the body knows what's best.
I am a blistering alcoholic.  I just don't drink anymore.  Does it define me? No  does it hurt to admit it?  No 
The label of alcoholic doesn't bother me. I don't see how it's any different than the DSM disorder 'alcohol use disorder' or the label addict. It's all the same &amp; I'm all of those things...I don't go around shouting about how I'm an alcoholic or something but I'm not hiding it either. I don't think declaring it is that important and probably neither is correcting someone if they think you're not drinking for other reasons. I think to me the only thing that matters is **I KNOW* what the reason is that I don't drink &amp; I never delude myself into thinking otherwise. As long as I know what's what who cares what others believe.
My name is soverydry and I am an alcoholic. Not everyone I know knows that but I'm not really hiding it anymore. I spent so long hiding when I was drinking. I want to just be who I am and if anyone isn't happy about who I am that's really not my business.
I still identity as an alcoholic and will blatantly tell people if they ask why I don't drink or needle me to have a beer. I'm not much fun to be around but I've never had fewer friends and I've never been happier. Coincidence? 
I don't think I am an alcoholic by the standard definition. But I definitely can't drink normally. I have one and I want ten. I guess maybe that is the standard definition? Ha. I don't know. I grew up around my Dad who is in AA and I just don't identify the way they do with it being a disease. At least not for me. I just knew it was ruining my life. Every day. Sucking the joy out. That is reason enough for me to quit. 
It is a stigma and one I don't want to be labeled as. You nailed it. Judgement/pity etc on one side and shame/self-loathing on the other. I hate labels and do my best to avoid them. However I can't control what others' think. Your friend's 'joke' was na ve and is a microcosm of society as a whole IMO. People who have not been personally affected by Alcohol Use Disorder don't get it. It is a deadly destructive poison in *any* amount. Alcohol is still too widely accepted as normal and ok. Someday it may hold the stigma of smoking but that will be a while. ..I was irritated with similar experiences this past holiday. I am choosing to let others be na ve. It's not my job to educate people. But I am still learning how to let others have their opinions and rhetoric and judgements while I can still stand strong in my own wellness. It is difficult because it can throw me into my self-loathing shameful state of mind. And it did for a moment until I came back here and knew I wasn't alone...Here's a retort to a 'joke.' ."You know a lot of people really suffer from alcohol use disorder. And so many others don't even realize how agonizing it can be." ..I guess that is a bit passive aggressive. I admit it...Or "I don't really like the label alcoholic but I have made a conscious decision to quit drinking because it was affecting every aspect of my life in a negative way."...I am not an alcoholic (a bridge too far for me as well) because I don't drink. Others can think what they will. I guess I am still irritated and processing my own holidays. And I can be very snarky sometimes. ..UGH. is right. I would be interested in that stout you spoke of in your post. And way to go on 311 days. ..May we all become comfortable in the path we have chosen and confident enough to not care what others think. I will stay sober with you today iota!
I know and admit I am alcoholic. If anyone pushes me to drink I will say I am an alcoholic therefore I never drink. ..There is a lot of stigma around the word. I know I used to look down on people I considered alcoholics including members of my family. I always wondered why they didn't just stop. ..Then I learned through my own experience they can't stop. That is what addiction is. You can't just stop you can't say no and it has become so necessary that without it you go into a panic. ..Now I know and one reason I am honest about it is that I would like people to see a sober alcoholic. We aren't bad people we have a bad disease. And with help we can control this. I don't pass judgment on those who can't maintain sobriety. After all I could relapse one day. But if anyone asks me about it I can honestly say that there is help. 
You could call yourself a teetotaller..[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teetotalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teetotalism)
I definitely would feel more comfortable just saying to everyone that I quit drinking for health reasons or just that I quit and not offering any explanation. I feel like the word 'alcoholic' attaches stigma and also paints a picture that I probably don't fit with. However if I don't recognise that I have an actual problem with drinking then it kind of makes it harder to maintain. Because I will still get the cravings and if I didn't have a problem then it wouldn't be a problem for me to just have a few drinks every once in a while I guess. It's a toughie. For now I'll just stick with 'I'm not drinking' and see where it takes me. 
I would more class my self as a problem drinker  I don't drink every day but at least twice a week  I drink to cure boredom and relieve stress.  Sometimes I can have four beers and go to bed  other times I will drink a case of cans and sit up all night.  When I go out drinking with people I drink excessively and cause my self embarrassment and hurt to my wife.  When I get the idea to 'have a few beers' in my head I will drink that day and I will do whatever it takes to make sure I get those beers.  More recently I've been blacking out and not remembering how I got home and puking on the carpet etc and I don't want to do it anymore so I will not drink with you today 
I'm still trying to figure this out too. I don't feel like I'm an alcoholic but I definitely can not drink moderately...I'm thinking of something like "I used an addictive poison too long and became addicted". That way I'm not some damaged or inferior person and alcohol is called what it is an addictive poison (thank you This Naked Mind for allowing me to see this!!).
I'm in the camp that believes the word "alcoholic" isn't useful because it's not a real thing medically and I don't use it anymore for myself or anyone else. I told someone at work yesterday that I'm addicted to alcohol so I'm not too concerned with the stigma and I'm not hiding anything. I just think that saying "I'm addicted to alcohol" is more accurate and meaningful than saying "I'm an alcoholic."
I always thought that an alcoholic was someone who was physically addicted to alcohol who would have withdrawals DTs seizures etc. and I was never that bad (but probably pretty close at times)...Apparently though it's just anyone who drinks too much and suffers consequences I guess? If that's the standard fine I am alcoholic. For the DSM-V alcohol use disorder criteria I am in the medium/severe range and I would rather use medical terminology...I feel like it's a medical problem not a spiritual or moral one and I get a "I'm a sinner" kind of vibe from the way 'alcoholic' is used in AA (from what I have read; never been but I haven't ruled it out either)...As far as how it makes me feel and whether I find it helpful it doesn't seem useful. To me an alcoholic is a person who drinks. Well I don't drink anymore. I call myself a non-drinker because that's what I am now want to be in the future and will be for the rest of the day. This sub is really helpful so thanks and IWNDWYT. ..This is all just my opinion no disrespect intended to those who feel differently...I'm only on day 26 so no one asked yet but I will probably just say I don't drink and just keep giving vague answers as to why until the person gets the hint that it's not their business. 
I would answer that question (what are you a recovering alcoholic?) by saying "no I just don't drink."  There are plenty of people who just don't drink or just don't drink anymore...Then answer the follow up accusations I mean questions with how much healthier you feel how much more alert your mind is your complexion no more bloat etc...I'm with you - I don't go near the "A" word.  There is way too much judgement and pity out there.
I didn't think of myself as an alcoholic but my husband absolutely is and we are both sober now after some serious work on evaluating our lives unhealthy relationship dynamics and realizing how bad things got not just for him but for me as well. I knew I was a codependent enabler. But when I got sober too I looked back and realized I had developed a drinking problem where I drank even when I didn't feel like it or drank to just deal with others I was around or drank to cover up my emotional stress. I could stop for a while with no cravings or withdrawal issues. But I would think about alcohol. I don't feel like I am an alcoholic when I look at how people usually define that but that's a tough one for me. Maybe because I didn't always have a bad relationship with alcohol. It became a crutch more than a food experience going through my previous marriage and into my current one. The difference this time is that we both realized to make this relationship healthy and rewarding we needed to rethink whether our relationship with each other or our relationship with alcohol was priority. I think the drinking problem snuck up on me as I fell into a codependent enabler role and the further we both got from alcohol the more I saw how my actions affected him and others. This probably answers nothing aside from acknowledging the challenge of being in a bit of a gray area on this one. I had a drinking problem. And I like not having one. So I choose sobriety every day. 
I do. I'm an alcoholic no doubt about it. I was at a point a few years ago where it seemed odd to identify as such but things got even worse in the past three years. ..Now I am happy to to admit it. It reminds me that no I cannot moderate my drinking because I'm an alcoholic. 
For me I've in this most recent effort which I feel much stronger in found it important not to say I'm an alcoholic but definitely to say  I don't drink.   I want it to sound permanent. The reason for this is that around acquaintances and such people who don't know the backstory if I say  for my health  or  not drinking right now  or being silent that gives me room to fudge and drink around them next time or later in the night. I like bringing people in to the fact that no drinking will be happening so that I feel like I have to be consistent with the statement. At least for now. 
