-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aaqf5o/fuck_me_here_i_am_again/

I can't ever get past Day 2. I'm day 1 again again again always again. Tomorrow will be the struggle. I haven't made it past a day 2 in so long. I just don't have any self control and no one to be accountable to myself for except myself and it's quite easy to lie to yourself and say it's all fine go ahead. I want this time to be different. 
----------immediate responses--------

What about an inpatient treatment program for a while?
What are you doing differently this time? 
If day 2 is always the biggest struggle try and change your routine. Keep yourself (and your mind) busy. ..You will make it past the hurdle that seems impossible at the moment and when you do it will be something you can be really proud of...Keep active on here and if you ever get an urge just jump on here and talk it out. We know what you're going through you're not alone here.
I'm sorry day two is so so hard. The first month is hard. It's all hard. I agree with the inpatient treatment option if that is an option for you. If not can you plan out your day two tomorrow? ..Plan out your day in 10 minute increments plan things that wont allow you to drink. Wake up make your bed go to a movie go home eat dinner read a book take a bath call a friend call your parents come post here. ..It's a day at a time. You can do this! It looks like you've done 740 days before? That is HUGE! What were you doing then that you aren't doing now? 
Have you thought about AA? 
I went to a recovery meeting and just listened...Tried that?
Hi there. I am in the same boat. Day 1...again. Uggh. I got some advice for online meetings and I listened today. The app is called In the Rooms. It suprisingly helped and I dont have the energy to go in person right now. Of course this isnt what I want...I want to be normal but I am not and I can't moderate so I got to launch this new path before I loose everything. We can do this. IWNDWYT
I began realizing Day 3 was when I always caved so I got super prepared for that day--comfort snacks La Croix water (or whatever drink you like that's non-alcoholic of course) and had a plan for the evening (watching a great show on TV because I was super irritable in the beginning). I knew it would be hard but I decided I was super committed this time and was going to deal with the urges without giving in to the poison. Don't negotiate with yourself. When you truly decide to quit and get as committed as you can it gets a bit easier. When failure is not an option you won't fail! And if you truly can not quit (if this stuff doesn't work) maybe you need some outside assistance.....Good luck!
