-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aaqkw4/nearly_9_months_sober_but_recently_struggling/

Hi all. ..I will be 9 months sober as of December 31st. Of course at first it was difficult but that subsided and honestly I didn't think about drinking nor did I miss it.  Alcohol was simply nonexistent in my life and despite grappling with some truly awful depression throughout most of the duration of my sobriety I was happy for it! (the lack of booze not the depression)..But holy shit over the last month or so I have really really been struggling with wanting to drink. I just think about how great a glass of really good red wine would be while sitting front of the fireplace with my friends and talking about life. Or just by myself while sifting through my thoughts; or painting small art projects in my kitchen.  Or how relaxed a glass would help me feel after work when shit gets so crazy in my office (which it does every fucking day  ). ..Now I know - I mean I am completely fucking aware and cognizant of the fact and of the reality that alcohol can literally never have a place in my life ever again if I want to remain alive.  And even more than that I *ACCEPT* this fact and this reality. And I know that I've had my fair share of glasses of great red wine in my life and then some of I'm honest. ..I am also aware of the fact that introducing alcohol into my life as a lowkey coping mechanism to deal with whatever crazy static is popping off in my head and in my existence right now is not only not going to be helpful in any way; it's going to do me immense harm and it will make everything that's currently bad much MUCH worse in the process. ..I know I can't and I know I shouldn't and I know I won't and I know why. ..So why do I want to so *soooo* bad?  And why did it suddenly come on like this?  ..Is anyone else struggling with this too? Or have any of you had any experience with something like this and can give me any insight advice and/or wisdom as I navigate this annoying terrain? ..I'm not drinking with you today. But I will not lie and pretend I haven't been daydreaming about it for weeks.... help! 
----------immediate responses--------

I think what helps me a lot is knowing that I can still do all of these things that you're talking about without alcohol. It's hard to imagine sometimes because drinking became a very ritualistic part of those things but if you make a point of just doing them even if it doesn't seem the same at first it's amazing how quickly you can swing back into it. I tend to tell myself pretty often that hanging out with friends just isn't the same when I'm not drinking but if I actually push myself to do so I'm usually pleasantly surprised at how much of that doubt was all in my head. Maybe for cozy things like this it'd help to find a nice new ritual to fill in for it like some nice herbal tea or cocoa or whatever other drink makes you feel real warm and content
Are you familiar with the think feel do cycle?  Our thoughts drive our feelings and in turn our actions.in my opinions your thoughts both consciously or unconsciously may have changed which has led to the urge and cravings. What has been going on and when or what coincides with the urges? For me exhaustion and stress can cause me to crave a drink. Sometimes I get a craving and I work backwards to see what are my thoughts or how am I physically and mentally. I eventually get to the real reason for the craving and it really helps me move on. Sometimes I am stressed or tired but I dont really notice until I get a craving and then and only then does a lightbulb go off and I know why I'm craving a drink. I might not to explaining this well . Have a listen to taking a break from alcohol by  Rachel Harte podcast she explains it. It really helped me explain why I drank and why I had cravings. By simply abstaining from alcohol we don't get to the root of our drinking we must educate ourselves to the whole picture of how our bodies and minds drive us to drink. Iwndwyt 
Boy do I know what you're talking about!  My goal has been to drink moderately. I only have a glass or two of wine maybe a touch more when I drink. I drank 16 times in 2017 and once in 2018.  Yes I keep track.  Three weeks ago a friend came for the weekend &amp; we drank about 2/3 of a bottle of wine between us one night.  It was all of the things you described; relaxing delicious it smelled good I got tipsy &amp; giggly &amp; a little drunk - it was a fabulous evening.  I poured out what was left in the morning.  I've craved another glass of wine ever since.  I keep thinking about it.  My plan is to tough it out until these cravings pass.  Fortunately there is no wine in my house...My goal is to drink on rare occasions and only then.  But sheesh it doesn't seem fair that I should have to struggle like this after one fun evening with wine.
