-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aasi6u/3_years_sober/

Went from having no job no degree to finishing college getting entry level job being promoted 5 times to management.  ...Solid group of friends I've known for decades new friend fantastic girlfriend. Bit of money in the bank working out 3 times a week.   ...I actually "quit" in May of 2015 spent 7 months completely depressed just getting by trying to work and not flunk classes. Relapsed before Christmas of 2015 spent until the 29th of December drinking. Haven't touched a drink since.   ...Yesterday I took my best friends and my girl to the beach and spent one of the best days in memory surrounded by the people i love.  ...Keep fighting. It's gonna look like hell for months but at a certain point the ground levels out. Keep walking from that keep putting in the effort keep fighting and pretty soon you start waking downhill. But now because you've been to hell and back regular life is a walk in the park. I was homeless penniless stealing from my folks to drink with no education or job. A bad day at work or a fight with my girlfriend or the car breaking down or a big unforeseen expense is nothing to me now. You will not be moved by the hard times life throws at you.   ...Thank you all for being a part of the same journey. IWNDWYTN.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT!
Absolutely awesome! IWNDWYT 
Amazing! 
Thanks for sharing! 
Woo 3 years! I'll see you back here next year when you got 4 and I'm at 2!
IWNDWYT!   
Fantastic!  So happy for you and proud of you!  IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing. What a wonderful testimony you are doing superbly great! Keep going strong. IWNDWYT
Fuck yeah!  Way to go.  Happy 3 years to you.
Woohoo. IWNDWYT!
Thank you. I need this. I don't want to drink anymore.
Congratulations on 3 years of freedom!!  
That's outstanding! Thanks for the inspiration!!
Very relatable post /u/stormlight89  my last bender ending on the 26th saw me go broke and overdrawn at the bank stealing my dad's truck while drunk to get more booze yelling at my family because they wouldn't let me go hang out with friends to drink on Xmas Eve and I don't even remember the visit I had at my girlfriend's place where I couldn't get an erection for her. ..Thanks drinking. ..My question to you right now would be: 3 years ago on New Year's Eve which is a big drinking occasion for many folks who don't have the same make-up as us (or do) you were able to not drink (GREAT JOB)!..What did you do on NYE that made you successful at this in the infancy of quitting? Where did you go? How did you cope? Tell us your story for those like me who are in a similar position. Thanks a lot and IWNDWYT. ..
Congratulations! What age did you get sober?
Incredible. Sober so young :)
Congratulations on 3 years and the great accomplishments along the way. You are an inspiration! I'm looking forward to the journey...I will not drink with you today
This is what I want and one reason why I am so much better off at 559 days sober. I almost drank yesterday but remembered I was sick and tired of living in constant crisis. 
So proud of you! IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing 
Congratulations on 3 years ...I will not drink with you today  tomorrow or ever
Brilliant post. Thanks for sharing. You give me hope. Let's sober on dude. Congratulations on three years. IWNDWYT  
