-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aat1sf/hard_reset/

Tonight I sat by my cousin's hospice bed as she was dying. A frail woman in her fifties jaundiced skin and fidgeting in what her mother described as "symptoms of final stage cirrhosis." I visited today and will visit again tomorrow if she lasts the night; my aunts nephews and other cousins are staying over at the hospice center piled into her room on the floor or sleeping on the plush couches in the waiting area. Near at hand in case and when the inevitable happens.  .  .My cousin was a lifelong alcoholic; every memory I have of her is at a party or an outing with a drink in her hand. Cigarette smoke and slurred speech are the things I tie to her; stumbling so often I thought that was how she walked. Drunken arguments with her husbands and boyfriends (almost as bad as her) happened nearly every time I was with her. She was in may senses of the word a trainwreck. She came by the habits honest; her mother (my aunt) has been a borderline alcoholic for most of her life. She was thrown out of the house on her 18th birthday when my aunt's then husband announced "well you're grown; now get out of my house" while she was pregnant with one of my future second cousins. She was beautiful and impulsive when she was younger; most of her children come from different men and whatever homes she stayed in evaporated when the relationship she was in ended. Minus losing her homes she was the spitting image of her mother. .  .She's had a hard life; the last couple years have been the roughest since she's bounced between states and devolved to the point where vodka was the only thing in her fridge. Trips to rehab or detox programs all predictably failed; clean while in until she left early and went back to drinking.  .  .Tonight my aunt will fall asleep at her daughter's bedside holding her little girl's hand possibly for the last time. Her children with one exception will be close by to talk about old times rub her back and tell her they love her. Her childhood friend a sister she never had will stay with her wishing she would just wake up and scold her for something she did when they were kids. Just like she used to.  .  .My cousin in a dying body and tranqued out on painkillers may or may not hear these things. She may know someone is near but not who. She may hear something but be so out of it that she doesn't know what was said.  .  .More than likely as it's been the strongest motivator in her life if she were to wake up she'd ask for a drink.  .  .I write this as a way to eulogize my cousin in a way I won't be able to at her funeral. A frank description of her as a burnt out drunk while accurate would be inappropriate in a time of mourning; even if those are the clearest and only things I can associate with her.  .  .My own mother mentioned that the ugliest part of someone self-destructing is the suffering they inflict on those closest to them. Because as much of a wreck as my cousin was she loved her kids and family. As much of a wreck as she was they loved her to the moon and back. They will be crying regular and ugly for a long time to come.  .  .~~~  .  .Seeing what shape my cousin is in reminded me of my own struggles with alcohol past and present. It's reminded me that I haven't submitted for badge resets multiple times; that the fresh hole in my wall and the (maybe) broken knuckle on my dominant hand happened because I lost my temper while drinking. That if I let my feet wander I somehow end up back in the liquor aisle even if I didn't have any thought of drinking. That the idea of passing a single day without a drink is both revolting and desirable in  uncomfortable ways because if I'm not drinking (or playing video games or watching Youtube) then what am I doing? .  .All of these things left un-managed and unanswered will land me in a bed similar to my cousin's one day. Surrounded by friends and family but completely oblivious to everything except the craving for a drink and my own self-inflicted agony.  .  .IWNDWYT; hug your loved ones send them texts and give them calls. The new year draws closer and some of us will not see it.
----------immediate responses--------

That was beautiful. As beautiful as such a thing could be written. Raw and real.  You'll be in my thoughts. 
Thank you for posting. That meant something for me.
The unadulterated truth in a society that loathes it. This was powerful 
I went through the same thing with my Dad. It was really tough. I am praying for you your cousin and your family. IWNDWYT.
Dear God this is heartbreaking! I hope you and yours find solace and grace during this difficult time. .Thank you for posting this - puts my worst problems in perspective. IWNDWYT! 
This screamed at me. I saw my father die of cirrhosis when I was 16. You would think that would be good enough reason for me to never drink again. Obviously that was not the case...But reading this tonight is something I will reflect on for the foreseeable future. I don't want to be remembered like this. I don't want to shorten my time on this planet for a substance that somehow got its grasp on myself and many many others. A liquid that offers everything you could ever want but never need. All of us. This life we have is something that is expiring with every second that passes by. We aren't afforded the luxury of knowing how or when we will die. But we do have the power to at least make sure it isn't this way. And that's a blessing in itself...I'm sorry you're experiencing this...I'm grateful for this post. Thank you friend.
I don't know what to say. Your post has brought up a huge surge of emotion and tears. Thank you for sharing your story for your sensitivity wisdom and perspective. You have done your aunt and your loved ones an honourable service to describe the journey with such raw delicacy and having the respect and kindness to see the person behind the addiction. I'm sorry you are all going through this. I will not drink with you tonight.   
[removed]
You treated tragedy with the respect it deserves but rarely gets and that's a gift. Thank you.
Same here mother and sister booze took them both.  Thank you for your honest post IWNDWYT.  
Fuck. Sorry for your lost. Haunting post. ..My best friend from childhood was told that he has early signs of cirosis and he is still drinking. I have drifted away from these old friends as I struggle to reign in my own drinking. It's a stark reminder of the destructiveness of this horrible drug. ..Good luck on your journey. Keep at it. 
IWNDWYT!  Thank you for sharing your raw emotions and honesty!  This really touched me in ways I can't describe. 
Thank you for sharing this. My father died of alcoholic liver disease about ten years ago and your post brought it all back to me. The last few months of his life were terrible to watch. He was clearly drinking himself to death and everybody could see it except him. I was there at the end to hold his hand as he passed. God bless you.
Thank you for taking the time to share this..This is one the best posts I've read period.
This is such a beautiful and powerful tribute. Peace to you and your family; I'm so sorry
Eloquent and heart-felt and true.  Well said and condolences my friend...IWNDWYT 
Sorry for your grief.  Thanks for the post and helping me stay sober another day.  Alcohol is deadly for me and I'm only one drink away from a living hell.  I'm grateful that today I have no desire to drink. 
That was beautiful and raw. You're an amazing writer. You've certainly eulogized your cousin in an amazing way. Thank you for sharing this  
As both a hospice nurse and an alcoholic this spoke to me. Thank you. I've watched countless victims if cirrhosis die but stubbornly refused to recognize their parity with me. Much love. Keep fighting. I will start the fight over again soon. PCW
Praying for your aunt. IWNDWYT
Thank you for this post!
