-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aau4a3/three_weeks_in_mad_at_myself/

At the 3 week mark. Since the day I got wasted and broke a wine glass and then accidentally stabbed my face with the broken glass lots of stitches drunk at ER. I haven't drank since. I FEEL better. I know this is the right thing. Down on myself today though. My scar is healing badly. It is super indented and runs over my lips so now my lip looks mangled. No long symmetrical. Ever. I am so mad at myself I could scream. I fucking ruined my face. Fuck. ..There are so many people I haven't seen yet....who will see my scar and say WHAT HAPPENED? And i don't want to lie but I also don't want to get into it yet. I want the confidence of time....I want to never drink again of course but I feel like people won't believe me yet. And at the moment I dont think I can withstand people's doubt. ..I haven't told my Dad yet either and he is coming next week. Him and his wife are huge AA proponents been sober over 30 years. He has no idea I have struggled with alcohol but I definitely want to tell the truth of what happened to my face. I don't want to go to AA I envision other ways to stay sober for me some of which people have shared here. But my Dad believes AA is the only way basically. And I feel like being so new I don't want to hear this either. My Dad basically believes even if you quit drinking if you don't get help from AA that you are still screwed. I don't want to hear this right now. But I also don't want to lie about the actual incident. ..Words of wisdom?
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes I like to smile and nod instead of debating something I'm not interested in getting into.  I hope as the rest of it goes well with all the compassion parts and the family love that comes with this sort of thing it's a time to just release into the love of your family.  Sending you some peaceful vibes from somewhere snowy Canada   iwndwyt 
I've been here before.  All I can say is it gets better.  I'm no longer mad at myself for what happened (though I do have a scar on my forehead to remind me).  I've forgiven myself I guess which I think is a big deal.  The other thing that helped was reading Bradley Cooper's story about quitting alcohol.  He smashed his head into a wall and gashed his forehead pretty well so I always think of us as sort of brothers in this.  I think our scars look pretty similar ha!
When I became a parent there was no shortage of advice for all the things I  had to do  if I wanted to be a top-tier father. ..I quickly learned to be attentive nod and say things like  That is excellent advice. Thank you for trying to help me. 
Hey there good to catch up with you. I can understand your frustration but I hope you'll feel able to start forgiving yourself soon.  I'm sure your scar will improve; time will help how you feel both inside and out but the only way to do that is literally one day at a time.  Just keep on keeping on   it has got easier for me the more time and distance I've put between me and my past mistakes. ..And I'm sure your dad will be pleased to find out that not drinking as a lifestyle choice is a growing movement there are lots of alternative options to AA these days and that you have a huge community of people   some AA and some not   rooting for you and supporting you.  I don t do AA; this sub has made all the difference for me  :)  I agree with the other posters who recommend shutting down any debate with a smile and a  thank you I'll think about that'.  ..Have a good day   I'm happy to be not drinking with you  :)..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
thanks for the kind words. I will not drink with you today! And i do hope the scar changes and hopefully my attitude about it. Some days I feel fine about it like it is a badge the thing that would change my life. And others I just look at it and wish there had been another way for me to wake up!
