-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ab1o96/oh_come_on_youre_not_that_bad/

Just looking for opinions. I've struggled with drink throughout my life never been a "several bottles of vodka a day" getting arrested needing hospital style drinker but habitually sink packs of beer to the point of drunkeness alone leading to general weight gain and many other negatives. Also when I do drink a lot (maybe a couple of times a year) I'm a mess have ended up in some extremely bad situations and fucked up a few relationships. I've tried to stop drinking several times now succeeded once for 18 months but am now firmly back in the habit...When I try and cut back or quit people I know will say "oh come on you don't need to do that you're not that bad just one/two/a few won't hurt" and it's hard to counter easy to let myself off the hook and have the one two few. And the same again the next night and the next etc etc. ..I want to stop drinking. Drinking has been a negative trend in my life led to lots of bad experiences and memories I feel a lot of shame for. It's made me fat cost a bomb and who knows what else. And... at the same time I feel that pull to keep drinking to listen to other people's excuses for me...I almost feel dumb asking this but I'm lost in all this and trying to figure it out... if its bad enough I want to stop and am finding that really hard isn't that "bad enough"? When is it a lack of willpower and when is it alcoholism? Am I ridiculous for even using that word in relation to the kind of drinking I describe? Your experiences or thoughts would be extremely welcome..
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I've heard that but then I started anti depression/anxiety meds and I just said- "I can't I'm on medication and I'll get really sick and black out"..It stopped that "peer pressure"
Only you can decide for yourself when enough is enough. I wished I had stuck to my own personal thoughts of enough was enough years ago. Like 10 years ago. Instead I thought maybe I really wasn't that bad and didn't really experience any serious consequences from my drinking until 3 or 4 years ago. And now I am discovering how hard it actually is to quit. And I am not physically addicted I just can't seem to stop drinking a couple times a month. And if I am not able to quit I will not be able to get my license back. Wish I had stuck to being done with drinking years ago. Long before I lost my license.
We are not teenagers anymore who live for their peers. We live our own lives. If you feel enough is enough its enough. Only you can make a decision whether or not to stop drinking for good. There are many people who never have made drinking related problems as opposed to me. No objection to them drinking. I stopped drinking stopped "wanting to drink" to be more precise because I figured out I had problems. If you feel the same go for it my friend. I can promise the life will become much better. IWNDWYT. 
I'm right there with you as far as never having the several bottles of vodka arrested etc. experience. Also I don't consider myself an "alcoholic" because I believe - in my case - it's an addictive drug (like any other addictive drug) and unfortunately has mainstream socially accepted peer pressure on top of it which always drives me back in the end. But one thing I realized: when I read posts here on SD about "not being able to moderate" I use to not relate. Sure I might have wanted 4 beers and drank 6 but that's still within moderation. What I didn't initially realize was that I couldn't moderate how many days in a row I drank... *the same again the next night and the next etc etc*. That's where I can't moderate. So I just string together ruined days. I strongly suggest [reading this book by Allen Carr](https://books.google.com/books?id=yPlPhQNv3RcC&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;source=gbs_ge_summary_r&amp;cad=0#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false); the link is to a free google book version but it might be best as a hard copy away from a computer. It explains the reality of alcohol as a drug how it catches you and how society misrepresents it. The book doesn't profess willpower as the way to quit but instead that you'll just quit once you see through the drug and the charade.
Your "bad enough" can't be measured against anyone elses. People usually think of extreme images when they imagine what an alcoholic looks like. But they don't like to think of the middle part. Nobody goes from social drinking to drinking vodka for breakfast overnight. Alcoholism is perceived as an extreme shameful affliction unlikely to happen to most. When in reality it's a progressive problem that a lot of people ignore for as long as they can. It's your call if your friends want the best for you they will understand. You gotta do what's right for you :)
Hey! Welcome and I'm glad your here. Check this out: ALL OF MY FRIENDS TOLD ME IM NOT THAT BAD! I hated hearing it every time I told them I needed to quit. According to them since I didn't wake up shaking or drinking in the morning or losing my job etc. I'm good.... yeah I'm good right.. except when I go home every night from work drinking 5 shots before dinner and hiding the liquor from my kids.... running the sink so they didn't hear the sound of me cracking open another bottle.... yeah I was bad and I needed to stop...Only we know that we need to stop. Listen to your body and heart.  If I get sick and end up in the hospital I don't think any of those people would understand since to them it wasn't  that bad . Good luck to you and this was a wonderful post that really spoke to me. ..Wishing you well..Fin 
I HAD to quit hanging out with people that I did before I stopped. Most especially those where entire relationship was based on intoxication will do anything to try to bring me back into the fold. Whether it's their own issue or they miss me or I'm really not that "bad" (yeah right) it's simply not an option anymore so at this time in my life I associate with sober people or people that are responsible enough to understand what alcoholism actually is and how that influences my life path and choices...Alcoholism is a funny word. I use it to describe myself because it helps keep sober I no longer judge how I compare to others. My life was not as I desired it to be. Whether my bottom was really deep or really shallow I made a choice to try a different life path and for those that don't understand that there is no longer room in my life for them and guess what: I don't miss them at all...It takes time to figure out who we are and how we are going to manage our new life. It did for me anyway and it's still a daily adjustment because I actually deal with the shit life throws at me instead of numbing with a bottle. 
One way to define alcoholism is this: If something bad happens when you drink and you continue to drink you may have an alcohol problem.. ..Don't bother telling the people you drink with that you want to stop. They don't get it. ..As for will power. For alcoholics it isn't about will power. It is about addiction. Addicts cannot say no. Your alcoholic brain wants you to drink so even though you might quit for a while you mind will be trying to find excuses for you to drink. ..It takes quite a while to get all alcohol out of your system. And you can still experience post-acute withdrawal cravings and other symptoms. People are drawn to forums and groups like AA because it is very difficult to stop on your own. We call it "white knuckling"...This sub is littered with people who don't think they have a problem but if you are posting here something is up. You do not have to drink a fifth of Vodka every day to be an alcoholic. Or get arrested or end up in the hospital. ..
There is a website called The Temper with some content I've been enjoying lately related to these questions. A piece on what they call  gray-area drinking  comes specifically to mind it really resonated with me. Another (kind of controversial!) piece on whether it's time to retire the term alcoholic. ..I haven't hit the proverbial rock bottom but I could see the bottom coming up at me and I know it's time PAST time for me to make this change for myself. Just last night I was having the  but I didn't think you were that bad  convo with an old friend. It's not fun at all to feel like we have to explain or defend our decisions...Full disclosure The Temper doesn't provide strict abstinence-only content they also feature some writers who talk about having cut way back or figured out how to moderate. I'm comfortable reading that stuff because I know I can't moderate and reading about people who can won't sway my resolve at this time. But just a warning in case you think it might!
