-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ab5hu4/aok_acts_of_kindness_monday_kindness_in_2019/

Hey SD! I hope you all enjoyed a lovely holiday. A big shout out to our SDer's who supported others that were struggling and a shout out to those struggling for reaching out to us!..This time of year can be iffy - depression boozy holiday parties anxiety etc. - so lending an ear or a few words of support to our community members means more than you'll ever know ;)...As we close out 2018 this is a great time to think about all the love and kindness we have received/given during the year and what we can do even better in 2019...Here's a brief [piece](https://chopra.com/articles/10-ways-to-weave-more-kindness-into-the-new-year) about how we can weave kindness into the new year...What are *your* plans for spreading kindness this year??..Wishing you a very happy healthy and sober 2019 - *let's do this SD!*..Love..Lee &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Happy New Year  - and one which builds on the advances and successes of the last one!..
Happy Sober New Years Eve Lee!..This is an awesome checklist!..I do start each day with my intentions.  (Of course that's after I have some coffee and let the dogs out)...I start with setting the stage by being kind to myself by purposefully setting some time aside each morning for quiet reflection mindfulness and then establishing my intentions for the day.  ..First on the list is my *Gratitude List*.  Not what I want but what I am blessed to enjoy.  At the top is always my *unimpaired life* without which the list would be empty and the second step would be impossible...The second step are my intentions to *See* each person with whom I come in contact.  This includes at a minimum eye contact with people on the streets in the halls and on the elevators.  If they will make eye contact I give a smile or a nod...When I *see* the other person I am engaging the basic essential element of respect because I *acknowledge their human-ness* and notice their existence.  That we are alike.  While it seems the world grows more polarized we indeed are more alike than ever...I look for the similarities in each person I encounter.  I want to be "seen" I want kindness I want understanding I want love I want my fears to be assuaged I want my heart to love and I want to receive love...If I lead with my heart I may still err however it will be from a place of compassion...Wishing you and all fine Sobernauts ..Peace Joy and Unimpairment in 2019 !..PG
Happy not quite New Year yet in the UK! ..This year I want to work on being less judgemental of myself and others and to find places to give back more...Definitely going to do more volunteering and see what else I can do to spread the kindness around.  ..
Happy New Year Lee ! I finished 2018's AoKs with giving my friend a soaker hose for some cherry trees that are really suffering with this heat wave a a fan we don't really need for her kdis who are finding it hard to sleep. I kick off 2019 with an AoK of having a youngster over for the day who has been staying with a friend who desperately needs a day's respite. The kid is a lovely 12 YO and she and Kiddo met up tonight at this potluck we went to and really hit it off so Kiddo will be stoked to have the company all day. :).Start as I mean to continue is my motto for this year I think - and above all else starting it sober and very very glad of that!.
As the saying charity begins at home goes I believe the same of kindness.  ..I'm trying to be a bit kinder to myself.  I can get everything on my list done but at what cost?  It's usually a very high cost and not a great benefit.  So I'm going to try n chill the F out.  Key word is try...Also trying to exhaust the puppy in the hopes that she can act like a civilized K9 for more than 3 seconds in a row!..Xmas really took a lot out of me.  Dealing with the ex is hard enough.  Memories of better times.  But were they really so much better?  I don't know...  Then I got a nail in my tire.  It's what happens when I try and get my life together something like that happens.  I couldn't just get it plugged or patched so I had to go 3 towns over to get it a new tire.  Literally punctured my plans (eh not deleting this feel free to groan and roll eyes)...Connecting with people for me as an empath and introvert sucks the life out of me.  I often feel way more alone when I'm with people than by myself... All men's [and women's and other genders] miseries derive from not being able to sit quiet in a room alone. ..  Blaise Pascal ..I'll be finishing the year in my room alone and that sounds amazing to me.  I won't have to deal with any bullshit drama (actually I probably will because that stuff gets at me like a heat seeking missile) but there's hope. 
I think maybe patience is one of the gifts I can give both to others and to myself...The problem usually isn't that I don't know what is the right thing to do it's that I don't have the patience presence or energy to do it...For example if my kids behave badly I try to not yell at them but to defuse or deflect with play or humor. This requires patience - which in some respects is a choice or a value or a priority that I try to give room for...Patience allows both me and other people to be imperfect. It also allows me the choice to see the good sides and intentions in possible conflicts. But this patience is something that comes *before* the situation - it's a mindset an attitude a maturing that needs to be tended to...2019 come and get it! I will not drink with you!
Thanks as always Lee...hoping all of you the best in the upcoming year!..The link is so spot on. I feel like I'm at 1 out of 10 and basically the rest are aspects that I continually am trying to improve on a daily basis. 
Science said that giving / donating your time and resources to others makes you happy. And unlike other pleasurable activities the fun and joy that come with giving does not diminish with experience...As such I'm inviting everyone to give to me in 2019. I'm going to put myself out there and give my time and resources in order that I receive your gifts. And I'm going to do it quickly and efficiently. In fact when it comes to your happiness nobody's going to stop me. ..BS aside volunteering and random acts of kindness does make one happy. I like this thread.
This is such a nice post. I thank you Lee for the weekly effort of AoK Mondays. I am mostly alone at work and home but I always try to be helpful. When someone calls our business but need something we don't offer I try to point them in the right direction. I enjoy that and often people are surprised. Another recent example was I was grocery shopping during the holidays and a lady stopped me to ask where the nail files were. My first thought was "I don't work here! And I don't have time for this!" But I thought of AoKs and realized maybe there was some issue for her that made shopping tough. I helped her find the things she needed. It really didn't amount to much but I felt better for not being in too much of a hurry. That is probaby my biggest challenge for myself for 2019-making enough contact with friends but also not wearing myself out. Happy New Year!
A man who was pacing to stay warm outide the local minimart said "please help me ".  So I gave him the change in my pocket which he was thankful for  but as I was driving back up to my house (only a few blocks away) I decided I wanted to do something more for him.  So I drove back down and gave him a very warm Winter vest I got for Christmas (it was too big for me but fit him well).  He seemed genuinely touched...Thanks for the inspiration Lee have a happy new year!
