-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ab646x/sobriety_day_1_january_1_2019_how_and_why/

Albeit it's not January 1st yet but I'm making this post now in advancement partly due to time zone differences (I'm in Asia) and also due to the fact I drank last night past midnight and it would be dishonest to say I was sober the entire day of December 31st 2018; my last drink was 17 hours ago but I won't count it as day 1 since I didn't spend every hour of the calendar day sober...This will be a long post less because I care if you read it but more because I want to put it in writing and hold myself accountable for it from here on out.  That being said anyone who does read the whole thing I would love to hear from you...So I'm going to start from my childhood and talking about my family.  I still remember the first time I tried alcohol it was when I was probably 6 or 7 years old at the stockshow in Fort Worth Texas (I'm 24 now 25 in January).  My parents have always loved beer and let me and my sister try a sip I remember spitting it out the moment I tasted it because the flavor was so weird and I thought it smelled bad.  ..As the years passed from 7 years old to my teenage years I began to resent the fact that my parents were daily drinkers.   Not because they did anything bad to me or were abusive or were bad parents in any way shape or form.  Both of them are what I consider "functional alcoholics" they (still) drink every day but very moderate amounts and have never had any alcohol related health problems as of today.  They hold jobs don't ever drink until after they get home from work and even while drinking still get chores done and take care of things that need to be done.  I resented it because my dad is the heavier drinker in the family and there were times he would drink too much and I remember the way he would tease and fuck with me and my sister and even my mom.  I remember thinking how much I never wanted to be like that and from the age of 12/13 I swore I would never drink a sip of alcohol again...Flash forward through high school I turned down every drink ever offered to me.  Flash forward through my first two years of college I turned down every drink ever offered to me.  At 20 years old I had never been drunk never even sipped on any kind of alcohol in my life other than the one time when I was 7.  Why didn't I keep it up?  Why did I have my first drink?  Because my life up to that point felt so empty I fell out of contact with all of my high school friends had never had a girlfriend and I didn't feel close to any of my college friends.  They would always go out and drink they would even invite me but I would just sit there awkwardly as they would drink and watch them 'bond' over drunken confessions.  They would offer me a drink even though I was underage and I would refuse out of principle.  Being a generally shy person at that point in my life I was intimidated by the confidence and boldness of people once they started to drink and ended up just sitting in the corner playing on my phone waiting for the night to end.  I was friend-zoned by so many girls because I was too shy to express my feelings or to even ask them out on a date and it led me to a period of self loathing that concluded with the question of "What if I start to drink?  My parents do all my friends do and they seem so much happier and enriched in their lives than I am"...This moment happened during the summer vacation of 2014 right after I got home from college so around the middle of May.  Not only was it summer vacation but in just a couple weeks I was bound for China to start a summer abroad language learning program.  I told myself I'm going to start drinking and see if it helps me bond with people and make closer friends the way it seems to have done for the people around me.  ..A few days before I left for China my best friend came over to my house in the early evening to wish me farewell so we were hanging out and we had a dinner that my Mom made and just sat around chatting.  Finally around 9pm my parents went to bed as usual but they said that my friend could stay as long as he liked.  Around 10pm my friend asked if he could grab a beer from the fridge (we were both underage and I am in no way trying to pin the blame on him as I had already made this decision in advance) and I said "why don't we just tap into the liquor cabinet instead they never drink it so they wont notice" he agreed and that ended up being the first night I got drunk.  I remember that being one of the most fun nights of my life and felt convinced I should definitely drink in China.  ..For the next 3 or 4 days before I left I didn't drink at all and had no desire to I flew to China sober and remained sober for the first few days of being there.  But the moment the first night of drinking occurred I partook and that's when everything went downhill for me.  I began drinking heavily every day and barely managed to not get kicked out of the program.  I returned to my university and went from being a Physics/Math double major with a 3.89 GPA to transfer to a liberal arts major who could barely get a B in a class because I preferred drinking over doing homework.   Furthermore over the next two years until I graduated I managed to lose all of my friends because all I did was drink until they no longer wanted to be friends with me...I had a moment of respite in 2017 mostly thanks to this subreddit motivating me. Although I never posted I read almost everything and I spent almost the entirety of 2017 sober.  But after losing my girlfriend moving to a foreign country feeling alone and being in a country where drinking is expected I relapsed to a small degree and began drinking more than I had in over a year.  Regardless of that I ended up meeting a girl I fell in love with only to lose her because of something that happened due to drinking.  That happened in October and since then I've been a drunken mess of depression even though I only have myself to blame.  ..I can't promise I'll never drink another sip of alcohol again but I want to spend the entirety of 2019 sober and I hope at the end of the year I'll never want to drink another sip again.  But one thing I can firmly say is that addiction to alcohol has destroyed my life over the past 4 years.  I feel like a friendless failure in every way shape and form.  I've fucked up almost every relationship I've had due to alcohol both romantic and platonic and I wish I had never taken my first sip in college...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I read your whole post. Despite your struggles I think you have great things waiting for you. You sound thoughtful and have insight into yourself. 2019 is going to be a great year ... Hope to continue seeing you here!  IWNDWYT.
I'm ready to crawl out of this hole too.  And 2019 is when it begins.  I'm with you.  IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT you story is true for many of us thanks for reminding me of a little truth from my youth I wish I had made your pledge 30 years ago. 
Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Congratulations on realizing this while you are still young. This will be my first sober NYE in several and I am also working to not drink every day this year. One day at a time! IWNDWYT. 
I'm joining you on a sober 2019 good luck my friend  
