-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abae9n/one_year/

Exactly a year ago from last night I spent my last night drunk. I got lost I yelled at my husband (then fianc ) in front of his friends I pounded drunks while blackout vomited all over the car screamed at the person I loved most like a lunatic and then between crying and puking into a trash can by my bed all night I told my husband I didn't want to live anymore. ..After years and months of not wanting to drink but not knowing how to stop finally the stars aligned. A year ago today my husband expressed how deeply done he was with my behavior. I also felt deeply - this is enough. A courageous phone call to my sister led to a courageous phone call with a friend of hers who had gotten sober which led to an even scarier courageous phone call where I begged my mom to help me quit. I've never been much for New Years resolutions but there was that too ...the promise of a New Year.  ..I went to a friend's NYE party as planned claimed DD and chugged red-bulls. I could go a night without it no biggie. But I remember waking up on January 1st and thinking well fuck. You told too many people now. You can't go back. ..That's what happens when you make a colossal decision. There are two parts of you- one bounding toward change and the other screaming  It's too scary! Turn around! Come back!  Early sobriety felt like someone was peeling my skin and leaving me exposed for everyone to see. It was a constant battle. Doing something I wanted deeply in my soul fighting with something I didn't always want in the moment. I read I did yoga I took baths I cried for the unfairness of it all. I quickly started feeling better and often cried of happiness too. I saw a therapist. I talked to my mom everyday. I kept going to parties to prove to myself I was still fun. I made friends with a couple people who are also alcohol-free. I told myself  just for today  and then of course that today became a years worth of days. ..Today is miraculous. This is the most joyful New Years of my entire life because this is the year I truly started living...Today I am 366 days without a hangover and without crippling anxiety in the morning. I never have to wake up again head splitting stomach churning fingers tingling because of something I did to myself. I never have to wake up in the morning tears streaming down my face begging my husband to save me to not make me go to work face the day be a human. I never have to suffer self-inflicted amnesia again trying to figure out the happening of the night before like a shitty detective. I don't have to spend the day worrying how I will make people forgive me how I will convince my love yet again:  I can change I will change I can be better than this. How could he have ever believed me? ..366 days ago I stopped drinking and it felt like a death sentence - that life was going to stop. Party stops now. No more fun. What a lie we've been sold about alcohol. What can I not do that I could do with alcohol? Also somewhere along the way I stopped giving a fuck about what being  fun  even meant to most people.   How superficial and childish. The only guarantee alcohol ever made me was this: amnesia throwing up anger anxiety passing out throwing myself at men feeling  sexy  inside and looking and acting like absolute trash on the outside. ..Now I remember everything. Now my stomach and bowels function. Now I can drive myself put myself to bed brush my teeth put pajamas on sleep without the faint taste of bile in my mouth. I actually relax on the weekend and feel refreshed for the work week. I can wake up and go to my job without a daily struggle. ..This year was momentous. What a wild ride. I learned so much about myself and the strength inside. I did everything I feared I couldn't. I had a birthday - I didn't drink. I threw a party - I didn't drink. St. Patrick's day came - I didn't drink. I had a bachelorette party - I didn't drink. I got married - I didn't drink. I celebrated the holidays - I didn't drink. I did all the things I feared could only be done with alcohol without  and I had a fucking fabulous time. I danced my ass off. I sang karaoke. I read over 25 books. I started painting again. I discovered all the loud obnoxious and quiet peaceful parts of myself were all here inside waiting for me to come back to myself. ..What at first feels like torture will become your beautiful normal. And you won't ever want to look back. If you are starting this journey today I wish you courage for the road ahead. It will be the most exciting mundane difficult easy joyous excruciating beautiful road. I promise everything is better on this side: Relationships sleep confidence body image sex food work play etc. etc. - 100% all better without alcohol. ..As C.S. Lewis says I was going on  like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea.     Happy NYE loves. It's nice to be on holiday with you. 
----------immediate responses--------

