-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abgpwg/my_special_word_of_gratitude_to_all/

Happy New Year to all. If you just made it through your first day or two sober well done. Those who are are sober a little longer well done also. ..I want to thank all who have been here to help and encourage me over last few days. I am facing a few struggles and life may not be so bright. I posted a little a few days ago and received some realy great replies. I planed to post more as time goes by. So this is a little of what is going on for me...It is 2 years last night I lost my wife. I thought I had dealt with it But has realy hit me over last days. I know life must go on. But was a marriage of times to be forgotten due to several things. I had my last drink 3 months into marriage. Add my sex addiction and I will say no more...I thought just a few days ago I  was doing well and my sex addiction was out of control again. 30 days sober gone. This tore me to pieces. I mean what was I thinking. I have alcohol sobriety so I know what to do. ..I was invited to friends place for Christmas Lunch. My sugar free life had taken 1 hit a week or so before. I made a sweet to take to my friends place. From there all down hill. Over last few days I have had too much sweet things. ..So how much more can I take. Add in my lack of sleep. I have untreated sleep Aponea.  I have a machine but can't keep mask on. End up falling asleep between 2 to 4 am. Next day I am a mess...I have to have tests for other health problems.  As is unknown I will say no more...My only sibling is at pressant in custody for the 3rd time but should only have done first time. 2nd time was due to a wrong date been given to a court hearing. This time he had cleared matter with those involved. After serving time on other matters this came up from 30 years ago. My brother has not offended in 16 years or more. ..Two plusses I can say. I have not drank and I am over 100 days free of gambling. ..Sorry to have let this go on for so long. But helps me at times to let things out. My therapy. ..Please be assured while I am struggling I am well getting by each day. I know I can come through this. I was in my drinking as down as any and got up. I know it is just time. I plan on seeing my psychologist again as I can have 10 or 12 visits a year free. ..Again thank you to each one who takes time to offer help and care. I love you all. I wish you well for 2019. Above all just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.    
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry to hear about your many struggles. But I can hear your strength and determination  
I am actually glad to hear of your struggles because it illustrates how many you have championed and how much success you have had. Focus on what you have done which is a long and incredible list that few people have the courage nor the character to champion. Yes you still struggle yes you still come up wanting in a few areas but who of us doesn't? 10601 days of you being a beast is what I see and that is very very impressive. Keep going John you are winning!! 
Thinking of you John. Stay strong stay true. We are here for you. Iwndwy
Hi John just saying hello &amp; hoping that life has eased up a little for you  
