-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abl279/i_still_cant_believe_i_did_it/

My husband changed his mind and decided to drink last night for NYE after saying he wouldn't. I was really upset for about 30 minutes and then decided that this is my decision to make for myself and I chose to not drink. I honestly couldn't have done it without you all! Knowing that other people were out there struggling in a similar way but being strong in the face of temptation gave me a whole new source of fortitude.  Thank you so much!  It's going to be such a great year!  (P.s. I could tell my husband was shocked that I stood firm.  I have always been so weak about booze especially for celebrating.  It felt so great!). ..I have lurked for a long time but now I really want to participate on this subreddit as part of my own evolution. I need to quit choosing not to do things and instead just participate and enjoy all the benefits that come with that. I almost teared up when I saw that somebody replied to my post last night. I fight loneliness a lot and that tiny little gesture meant a lot to me.  I will hey that kindness forward and remember to do the same for others...IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job staying sober &amp; not letting your husbands choices affect yours!! The best way to go into the new year is sober :) 
I am so proud of you! Also when I started participating here is when it really clicked for me.  Best wishes! IWNDWYT 
I'm with you! You're post really hit home for me   we're missing life by drinking not the other way around. I decided I was going to start post here too today. I've never tried talking through it instead of just giving in and look how that's worked for me so far...
Welcome and great work last night!..It's tough to stick to it but so rewarding when you succeed.  Also you get stronger and more confident with each success...Its a great spot.  You get support and help when you need it and can offer support and help when you're able...Congrats again.
Welcome and great work last night!..It's tough to stick to it but so rewarding when you succeed.  Also you get stronger and more confident with each success...Its a great spot.  You get support and help when you need it and can offer support and help when you're able...Congrats again.
Awesome!!! So proud of you :) Glad you are coming to participate! IWNDWYT  
That is wonderful!  I love how you were able to stay strong for YOU!!  Keep it going.   
Congrats!!
Fantastic!!.IWNDWYT  
Congrats! I also miss the celebratory drinks but found toasting with kombucha was just as fun. IWNDWYT
