-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ablhfi/i_relapsed_and_now_im_afraid_to_go_back_to_aa/

I know I need to but I'm just so ashamed. This is the second time I've screwed up since starting the program and this time I had almost 5 months sober before I decided I'd drink again. I thought I could drink normally but ended up going out for more booze twice last night and almost DROVE the second time. Thankfully my husband took away the keys. ..Are they going to judge me if I introduce myself as a newcomer again? 
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely not!!! We understand how it is! The last people to judge are in those rooms! They will be supportive to you. Don't beat yourself up. This disease sucks!
Nothing to be ashamed of I have relapsed myself they will be glad you're back.
I just started the steps yesterday at about 7:30 and I relapsed at about 8:30.  I'm not looking forward to going back but I think its the right thing to do.   AA and rehab have given me a different perspective on failure.  I tend to think in catastrophic terms (everything is as bad as it possibly could be!) but when I remind myself of things I've heard in AA and read in the Big Book I have a different perspective.  I kind of have to force the perspective but I  know it's right...If you are not uncomfortable with it please let us know how your AA meeting goes.  I'm going back tomorrow...&amp;#x200B;..Thanks.
No that shouldn't be a big deal. To be an alcoholic quit and *not* relapse is really rare. I'd bet the folks in your group(s) are well aware of that. Recently I've seen a guy with seven years and a couple with twenty years come back in to start over again. It was not a big deal (though it may have been tough for them).
I went to my first AA meeting 3 years ago made friends found a temporary sponsor who I started to work the steps with.  Stayed sober a whopping 5 days relapsed drank for another 2 years during which time I popped into meetings here and there half assed it and regularly drunk dialed/texted my AA friends.   ..Late at night.  Annoying and drunk AF...They had to keep their boundaries of course but they welcomed me back every time and are still there for me today.    
Don't be embarrassed or worried you certainly aren't the first last or only to not get this on the first try. Maybe you needed more field research.
Nope.  It's part of the deal.  A lot of people there have been exactly where you are now.  What's important is your decision to return.
The feeling is real but the fear isnt. I let that fear keep me out of the rooms for too long after a slip and i went full relapse. Dont be me!! Im back there and people are kind. They arent treating me like a newcomer but that it what i feel like so im keeping humble and trying to just keep it a day at a time and keep coming back. Because it works. I was sober for 7 years. Now im sober today with you! 
"We dont shoot our wounded." Someone told me that when I came came back (tail between my legs) after a relapse.
they would WANT  you to come back
Thanks everyone! This is super helpful and makes me feel a lot better. I'm going to go to my usual Wednesday lunch meeting tomorrow and introduce myself as a newcomer.
Thank you for your support everyone. I went to a meeting and everyone was so welcoming and kind. Really glad I went. IWNDWYT.
