-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ablkcb/struggling_to_find_the_motivation/

Hi guys..I have known for many years now that drinking is standing in the way of my happiness. I'm really just struggling to find the strength inside of me to stop. I really think I'd lose a lot of friendships as drinking is our only mutual activity. I'm worried I will be boring. But I'm so sick of feeling worthless depressed and lazy due to over drinking. ..If anyone has some words of wisdom I'd really appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had to get to the point where my life was intolerable and I wanted to die before I got help.  Good news: you are here in this support community!  Coming here every day watching days add up on my badge (see the about section on the homepage if you want one) the good that continually comes to my life motivates me.  Sobriety brought me peace hope and freedom...As for friends people who care about me don't care if I drink.  Most people don't care if I drink. There are some people in the world who care more about drinking than my well-being. I'm not going to destroy myself for such people...Best wishes to you! IWNDWYT 
I also used to think drinking was an  activity .   It isn't.  It not only consumes time and gives nothing in return but takes time away from the future.   ..A quick motivational exercise you might like is to list on a piece of paper all the  benefits  of drinking.  There are no right or wrong answers.  List as many as you can think of.  ..Afterwards list all the cons of drinking you can think of.  ..Now go back to both lists and at each entry ask yourself whether the item is short term or long term in nature.  You'll probably see a telling pattern.  And if you do the same exercise with  benefits of not drinking  and  cons of not drinking  you'll see a pattern as well I bet.   
You'll be amazed at how your life will blossom once you remove alcohol from the equation. Alcohol creates and fills its own void. Once I quit I didn't know what I was going to do with all the spare time. Now that I have picked up a few hobbies I barely have enough hours in the day. I have lost a few drinking buddies but my real friends are still there and are super supportive. I also have new ones that are interested in doing more than just hanging out at bars. My old "worthless depressed and lazy" self is gone. Things are so much better than I could have ever imagined.    .    .Quitting drinking was the best decision I ever made.
Welcome! For me I had to actually want to stop. Before the many other times I was only trying to  cut back  and that didn't work very well obviously. I found it helpful to be honest and recap for myself the worst things or situations I have been in recently and over time because of alcohol. Once I read it I couldn't believe how I was allowing myself to live. Also I read many posters stories on this site and realized I wasn't special or immune because of drinking and I wasn't more interesting when drunk or fun. My Husband even said yesterday  I was getting worried but didn't know how to tell you. I had sort of been avoiding you when you would get drunk.  That is all I needed to hear to fully commit. However I am still early in my journey (Day 3) and still navigating things. But I have fully committed mentally to quitting alcohol. I will not drink with you today!
