-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abmtgj/i_had_my_last_drink_in_2017_and_im_1_year_sober/

In 2017 I decided to take 3 months off because I couldn't remember the last time I had more than one night off drinking in about 8 years. After that 3 months I relapsed into old habits and over the holidays would wake up and start drinking from noon to whenever I fell asleep...I was drinking anywhere between 12-20 drinks a night depending on the occasion...I now recognise that I'm an alcoholic and have an addictive personality and moderation doesn't exist for me so I had my last drink at 11:59pm 31st December 2017 and have been sober ever since...This sub helped me ENORMOUSLY and though I'm a fairly quiet lurker everyone's stories of their personal battles and the encouragement in the comments from the community really really helped me through my own journey so thank you. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Feels great doesn't it? 
Congrats! :)
Not one drink in all of 2018 - that is fantastic!! I can only say I didn't have a single drink in the last 8 months of 2018 but can't wait to have a whole calendar year...IWNDWYT
Fantastic for you !         IWNDWYT
Proud of you! IWNDWYT! 
Congrats! Iwndwyt
Congrats!..&amp;#x200B;
Congrats!  365 is a really big deal.  Here's to another year.  I will not drink with you today. 
Way to go!  Happy sober 2019.
Way to go!!! Thanks for sharing!!!
awesome! so glad you're here sharing!
Congratulations! Would you mind sharing how your life has changed during the last year?  
Congrats! IWNDWYT.
Congrats!!!!!
This is a massive accomplishment and I would consider it nearly impossible...You have done the impossible! Congrats!
Same. Didn't think it was possible. Happy new year 
Congrats!!! 
Awesome job!!
Congratulations! Great work and self reflection. Keep it up :)
 Moderation doesn't exist for me. ..Thanks for the reminder! ..Congrats on 1 year sober!!!.IWNDWYT 
I just hit a year too!!!!! Yayyyyyy
Well done mate one day at a time they say great effort :) 
Cheers. We share a soberversary!
Wehay! Way to go!
Freedom!!
IWNDWYT
Congrats 
Congratulations!
congrats non-drinking buddy :)
Congrats! Did you quit cold turkey or what was your process if I may ask?
