-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abn2fc/is_it_right_to_suggest_to_others_to_stop_drinking/

Hello fam. We're all here for 1 reason. To stop drinking weather that's completely or switching down to moderate use. But I think it's fair to say we've come to that decision by our own self reflections. With that said is it fair to suggest to others that they should stop or limit their drinking? I never thought I had a drinking problem before I really thought about it once the hangovers were getting worse and more consistently. And when others told me I'm an alcoholic I took it as a joke because they weren't around enough to make that call. Anyways after seeing so many positive effects by limiting my drinking I have some friends that I haven't talked to in a while that I see are struggling with some personal issues and I feel that cutting out their drinking would do them some good. Is it crossing boundaries by suggesting to them that limiting their drinking could do them some good? Or is it up to them to make that decision? Feel like they could take it the wrong way but maybe they need to hear it.
----------immediate responses--------

I think one thing that makes this place so wonderful is the simple rule: be kind and speak from the  I .  Telling my own story without telling others what to do is likely to be kinder and more effective in motivating someone else.  
Personally I wouldn't suggest anything and let myself be a example and if they see how happy and good I feel and look maybe that will have them asking for help. Since I've quit I've had two people open up about how they drink and I've tried to help. They'll come to you when they are ready.
AA often refers to "attraction not promotion."  When people witness another person's improvement from no alcohol they can become motivated to stop drinking as well...It's similar to "speak from the I."
When it comes down to brass tacks I like to follow my heart.  IWNDWYT 
I would not tell anyone else they should stop drinking. 
