-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aboi54/woke_up_with_that_feeling_of_shame/

My husband and I stayed in for New Year's Eve and hung out with our toddler. Watched the ball drop but somehow the two of us went through 3 bottles of champagne. I got very angry and took it all out on him with mean words. I'm usually not an angry drunk. I woke up not knowing what I said but knowing it was bad. That terrible sinking feeling in my stomach. I apologized and that doesn't put the words I said back in my mouth. I've been drinking so much and every time I know that whether it be a week day or whenever 1-2 drinks is never enough. I've struggled with this a long time and I'm ready to be done. I hate that I've been drinking every night to drown out my depression. I think that drinking contributes to almost all of the issues I have or make for myself. I found this sub and I'm looking for support as I set out on the journey to quit for good. My husband has also vowed to quit which should be very helpful. 
----------immediate responses--------

There's a point where the apologies mean nothing. Absolutely nothing to him...That's when you've lost him.
Good luck friend! Accepting that a problem Exists and seeking / accepting help for it are two very important steps - took me a long time to get to that point. Treat yourself with kindness. Know that this is a day by day fight for all of us. I have found the staunchest supporters and champions at SD and hope you find the same as well. Journal vent cuss ramble all you want here. I promise you are welcome no matter what. A young marriage and young family are something to be cherished. Wish you a sober and happy 2019. I will not drink with you today!
Hi welcome to SD you have found a great site where most people will provide you with kind supportive words of wisdom. This site has been the mainstay of my journey and I have learned much here by checking in daily reading replying and sometimes posting. This has helped me to build up a sober 'tool kit' to support myself. There are lots of books on sobriety like Alcohol Explained and This Naked Mind. Plus lots of sober podcasts and Youtube videos too. Many on here though not all opt for AA meetings and sponsors or SMART recovery groups. There are loads of options to choose from for yourself and your hubby (including good diet sleep exercise &amp; lots of water). It is wonderful that you have each other for support even though you may find that you each choose different tools for your toolboxes. My top tip? Don't pick up the first drink - that is the only one for me which I have any bit of control over. I also have to be really wary about the deceptive voice of moderation calling mainly because it never is moderation once I get going at all. Take this one day at a time and be kind to yourselves and each other at this lovely special time in your precious lives. I will not drink with you today    
