-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abozd7/i_think_ive_finally_hit_my_rock_bottom/

(Warning: Long post ahead)...I think I've finally hit my rock bottom and I think I finally had my wake up call. I got kicked out of my house by my mom 3 days ago and rightfully so. I got drunk Friday night and did my usual routine; play online games and shit talk people all night on mic until I overindulged in fast food until passed out. This particular time I woke my mom at 2 in the morning  because I was being too loud. I've been lying to her and myself by pretending that I've been sober for a few weeks but when she went into my room she noticed the smell of vodka and called me out on it. Me being the defensive person I am I denied it but she knew. I told her to mind her business and leave me alone. Things got ugly and I said some pretty mean things to her told her to fuck off things I deeply regret now. Fast forward the next day my brother (who's been trying to get her to kick me out for a while now because of my drinking and irresponsibility) and some cousins were over visiting. Long story short my mom tells my brother what happened the night before and he convinces her to take away my PC. Idk what happened to me but I lost all control of my emotions after she did. I went completely blank in a rage. We argued about it upstairs and then I ended up shoving her enough for her to stumble a little bit. I immediately apologized but it was too late. I knew I had fucked up. I have never intentionally physically harmed my mom before and immediately felt this deep hallow feeling in my gut after doing so. My brother ran up the stairs once he heard my mom crying and grabbed me threw me out of her room and ordered me out of her house or he was going to call the police. I just froze. I was apologizing to both of them but he wouldn't let me see her. After everything calmed down a bit I packed a few things and went to a friend's house where I am now. She took away my house keys and car keys and won't let me back home to gather more of my items unless she's there...I don't know what I'm going to do. I have been a NEET (not in education employment or training) for about 2 years now. Basically a hermit crab. I do currently have a part time job that I just got hired at and my mom said that if I prove to her that I can keep this job for at least a month then she's open to the possibility of me returning home and giving the car back for me to use as long as I pay rent and insurance. But until then I don't know where I am going to stay or how I'm going to get to work. I have $50 to my name until I get paid in 2 weeks and I've used $20 in the last 3 days to get to work in an Uber. I can only stay so long at my friend's house because he lives with his mom and he lied to her about me staying here (something I'm also uncomfortable with). ..So here I am. I've never had to deal with a situation like this ever in my life. My mom has spoiled me all my life I have never had discipline in my life never had to deal with hardships because I've always been provided everything by my mom. My family had an intervention for me last year and I said no to in-home treatment because I was scared of not having internet. I deeply regret that decision now. This New Year's Eve was the first New Year's Eve that I spent without getting wasted in over 7 years. I am 4 days sober today and I never want to pick up alcohol ever again after realizing how much I've hurt my family over the years especially the one person who has always supported me financially and had my back if everything went wrong. I can't believe how unfair I've been to my mom. She doesn't deserve this from her daughter. To be completely honest me getting kicked out of the house is a blessing in disguise. It is going to be a serious struggle for me but I know in the long run this is going to be the biggest eye opener of my life. ..I'm going to take this journey day by day but one thing is for fucking sure. I will not drink with you today. Or the next. Or the next. Or the next.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time. You can do this!
People don't change until the pain of staying the same is more painful than the pain of changing. Sounds like you're at that tipping point...Reading *This Naked Mind* was crucial for me. What's your plan to stay sober? I had to be very gentle with myself for the first month or two but it sounds like you don't really have that luxury (/r/personalfinance and related subs can brutally help with your budget). So I think it's really important for you to have a few plans for what to do when you're tempted and want to say fuck it and who cares and I deserve it and all the other justifications we tell ourselves. AA is invaluable to some. Or talking with a Dr...It sounds like your mom and family have maybe been enabling you up until this point? You said yourself that you've never had repercussions for your drinking because your family was there to cushion your fall. And it sounds like your mother is extending a very generous offer for you to move back in. I recommend not further making her into an enabler if you take her offer. Check out /r/alanon if you're interested in the other side. ..Frankly I don't blame them for not listening to your apologies in the moment. Talk is cheap. Especially from active addicts who will say anything to get their vice back (is your relationship with the internet also unhealthy thus triggering your irrational response? Internet addiction is real)...Making the decision to become a non-drinker like really truly making that decision and internalizing was the hardest part for me (and I couldn't have done that without TNM). Everything after that is details. It triggered a lot of life changing habits and stuff. I'm absolutely a better human being than I was 5 months ago. It is not always easy but it's always satisfying...Good luck happy non-drinking '19. Iwndwyt.
You are at a fork in the road....and I am optimistic that you are going to choose the road to independence accountability and sobriety!!  It is going to be a hard road....but you CAN do it!  
I agree that this is a huge blessing in disguise. You can do it! IWNDWYT 
This can be the start of a virtuous upward spiral!
&gt;me getting kicked out of the house is a blessing in disguise...It could be. What actions will you take to turn it into that blessing?
Kudos for telling your story. I *know* how hard that can be. Keep up this momentum! 
One of the hardest things for me was knowing what to do with my time in the early days. I had a lot of anxiety and regret and thought-spirals that were just absolutely debilitating (I still do to be honest they come knocking at 9PM when I'm trying to sleep). There's some advice that gets thrown around another forum I frequent that goes something like:.."Every day when you wake up you will get right out of bed you won't think about it you will just do it. You will cook breakfast take a multivitamin take a shower make your bed clean your room and groom you won't think about it you will just do it. You will go to work for 8 hours if you don't have work you will look for work or look for skills for 8 hours instead you won't think about it you will just do it. After work you will go to the gym or go for a walk or go to a yoga class every day you won't think about it you will just do it. You will get home and cook real food every day. When you get a chance you will read real books. You will do this for 3 months and then you can begin to think."..(sorry for all the "you" language that's just how I remember the advice)..The point is the past is there it can't be changed and dwelling on it can be crippling... But we do absolutely have power over our own future and we are all capable of such intense progress if we want; sometimes a personal trauma that we can't bear to think about is the fuel needed to kick that off...It's a contentious suggestion but I would also recommend watching Jordan Peterson's free lectures on youtube. Particularly the "Maps of Meaning: Marionettes and Individuals" series which focuses on responsibility and self worth.
Join AA get a sponsor work the steps find(GOD) a higher power. 
