-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abpuas/ruined_my_424_day_streak_have_incredibly_mixed/

So I am beyond sick right now. I drank a lot after a long time of not drinking. What I'm wondering is whether or not it was worth it. Writing these words makes me sick. Facing reality makes me sick. I want to be clear that although this looks like a rant I am not drunk right now and will not be getting drunk again for the foreseeable future. I will however be resetting my badge...&amp;#x200B;..So I've been living with this guy for a while on the recommendation of my friend. One of my best friends who I've known for years. I've been here for while and it's basically the best I've got. Well everyone is super passive aggressive to me. Our neighbor comes over and smokes weed with my roommate. They are always passive aggressively insulting me. All I want is to be left alone. No one leaves me alone they just see my avoidant personality as weakness and use it as an excuse to bully and tease me. My friend his girlfriend and my roommate; they all sleep in the same bed together much to the dismay of my good friend and my roommate brags about it by sticking his chin up at me and fulfilling his weird revenge of the nerds fantasy where I'm the only jock he can get away with hurting on purpose...&amp;#x200B;..Whenever I am social with these people they act like nothing is the matter and it must be in my head. NO ONE around here understands how to have a straightforward conversation. No one is honest with anyone around here. It's sad. No wonder why I feel like shit all the time. I am the guy who is not depressed but is in fact surrounded by assholes...&amp;#x200B;..My friend and his girlfriend come over last night. Everyone is playing nice but is subtly being an asshole. It's like they caught the bug that it's cool to be a covert narcissist. The only girl in the room is preying on everyone's emotions. She knows she's doing it they know she's doing it. No one cares or has the mind to speak up and do something about it. It hurts and the guys turn against each other. They like to tear into me the most. Not in a playful or cool way more like in a "fuck you i'm better than you" kind of way. They do this because in the distant past a previous iteration of me had enviable levels of success with women. I'm not even a braggart about it nor do I bring it up in conversation. Finally I get sick of it and without EVEN THINKING I have a drink in my hand and i'm downing it. The drink successfully allowed me to enjoy the night. I enjoyed drinking. I did it. What a fucking idiot...&amp;#x200B;..I thought I was enjoying myself my inhibitions went out the window. I only realized the next day all it did was allow me to mask the suffering I was going through being around everybody. I don't like hanging out with those guys. I'm not crazy I'm not depressed. NO ONE CARES about me. They don't. It's not a melodramatic self absorbed statement I'm making here. It IS the reality of things and now I am fully awake to it. Not only are other people capable of being full of shit they are capable of indulging in it and not giving a fuck. So maybe I'm throwing a tantrum right now. So what. Sometimes people need to throw tantrums about shit that matters. We aren't perfect...&amp;#x200B;..So although I think drinking is and was a bad idea relapsing not only reminded me of why it's a bad idea and it showed me what emotions I've been masking just to get by. I would love to demonize alcohol completely but I can't in this very specific case deny that it did play a beneficial role in understanding just what has been going on around here and why I've been so depressed lately. At my last job I enjoyed being at work more than I enjoyed being at home and now it's totally obvious...&amp;#x200B;..The thing that made me realize this was my incredible hangover. It isn't the alcohol it's that I still haven't fixed the underlying cause of my alcohol abuse. The trigger is the people I surround myself with are never nice to me...&amp;#x200B;..I immediately texted one of my close friends who I never feel conversational tension with and had to tell him I love him because if I couldn't have a straightforward conversation like that with anyone on the planet I have no idea what this world would be like...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT or possibly forever. I don't need alcohol and I don't need friends who put me in so much pain that I feel like I need to drink...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Hope you can get to a place of your own and meet some folks that you enjoy being around.  Best wishes!
Don't beat yourself up - it sounds to me like you learned a lot about yourself. I am sorry that you had to learn about your issues this way but in my experience dwelling on past mistakes after learning the lesson only increases issues and anxiety. I have learned that I don't have to spend time around people that I don't want to and if I have toxic narcissists in my life I cut them out because they don't deserve my company. ..I will not drink with you today! :-)
I really dont see what you wrote as having a tantrum! It was very straight forward and from your heart.  It sounds like these people are just toxic for you yet somehow you made it so long without drinking! That awesome and amazing. You had 1 setback and it sounds like you are right back on track I think you are stronger than you know! .I really hope you can get away from those people though. Besides not drinking that would be my personal priority. Support is so crucial and it sounds like they have failed miserably..You can do this!! Dont beat yourself up anymore!!.Sending love and light your way!.IWNDWYT!! 
I'm sorry you're dealing with all of that. I think you came away with some good insights - especially the bit about figuring out your underlying reasons for abusing alcohol. Wishing you much success in 2019 - I hope you get a better living situation and some tools in your toolbox for dealing with a**hats (and when you do you share them here with us because goodness knows other people behaving badly is one of my triggers too)..IWNDWYT have a happy new year friend
From what I can see you have just discovered viscerally the true effect of alcohol: it is a nervous system depressant and an anaesthetic. It numbs us to our feelings (physically and emotionally). ..It sounds like last night the desire to numb yourself overrode your other choices. ..Of course it also disrupts our PFC and general brain function which is why we then make really stupid decisions or lose control (or die) after having too much. ..I would try to treat it as a learning experience and let it go if you can. It sounds like a symptom rather than the cause in this case...IWNDWYT
