-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/abqi8o/another_day_one_i_hope_this_will_be_my_last/

Today is my first day of sobriety. All I could think about today was my last drink. Rather the last drink I could remember. ..I've let everyone in my life down so many times because of alcohol. And now my dad is really sick and my family needs me. And while I feel that I need to drink I know it only makes it worse. What if there's an emergency and I can't wake up. I can't continue drinking a pint of whiskey a night and chasing it with as much of a six pack as I can before I pass out. ..I need to be an adult. I turned 30 a few weeks ago. I need to get clean. ..I don't know what this road has in store for me. I know it'll be the hardest thing I've ever done. And I'll be the proudest I've ever been with each coming milestone. I know that I will check this subreddit every time I want a drink and read about how people got through the struggle I'm enthralled in. ..Thank you for writing everyone. It may not feel like it to the authors of the posts i read but so much on here has really saved my life. If tonight was any other night I'd be on my way to the liquor store with no reason to drink aside from it being the only thing I know how to do. ..I am too talented and worthy of love and happiness to continue like this. I have a hard time believing that sentence but at one point I felt it was true and I want to feel it again. ..We're all too talented and worthy of all life has to offer. ..Thank you so much for writing on here everyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here. You can do this!  
You can do this. I won't drink with you either. ...You're worthy of love and all the good things life has to offer. 
We got ya :) 
I believe in you we can do this! I'm back at day 1 but I'm with you I cannot go on being this way. I also worry about being too drunk to help in a moment of need from someone I care about.  Urgently trying to not allow the same I feel overpower me. It's hard for me to accept that I'm an alcoholic and the things I did are due to my alcoholism not due to me being terrible in my core self. Crying has been helping me with cravings. I know it sounds strange and I don't fully understand it but allowing myself to have a non judgmental ugly cry seems to help. IWNDWYT
Now is the time to get super proud of you. That's what I'm striving for - to be proud of myself. I drank through my mum's illness. She was dying in bed and I sat watching tv with her drinking wine thinking it may help... I feel bad about that. I can't change it now she's gone but I can try to make her proud ... if there is a heaven. Good luck to you! Let's grab life x 
I'm 30 as well. Have had many day 1s. What has helped me is doing my best to turn sober life into a life worth living...I quit for 4 months last year and life didn't magically improve. That part is up to me. With some counseling I've made a lot of progress in that direction. Think long and hard... Take a long shower and just think a while. What do you want in life? Why did you drink again? What did it solve?
Here's my thinking: Every day is Day One. Every last day.  ..I doesn't matter what happened yesterday. My motto is "Sober Until Bedtime" and that's what I need to do *today*. Whatever i have to do to accomplish this I do.  ..So far it's worked out I have stacked up a few "Day Ones" in a row.  ..I was a degenerate fucktard who drank like a fish for 30 years. If a moron like me can pull it off so can you. Just stay sober until bedtime.
Three days into not drinking and we take my dad to the hospital. Couldn't remember who any of us were. He's been diagnosed with mid-staged dementia. ..I don't think I've ever wanted a drink more. But dammit I'll keep rubbing my  one day at a time  coin with my thumb and drink la croix and Diet Coke until the sun comes up if that's what it takes to get through tonight. 
