-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ac362w/well_its_been_12_months_heres_how_i_feel/

This is long. Read at your own risk of boredom. Tl;dr at bottom!  ...03/01/2017 21 years old at Fathers Office -Swanston St Melbourne -  I took the last sip of my Pinot Noir from the recently full lipstick stained glass and decided that I was done. I could no longer continue to do what I had done for the past god knows how long. I had decided that I was finished with getting up in the morning and not remembering what happened past arriving to my favourite bar on Chapel Street. Not remembering how I had arrived home the next morning was a common - and scary - occurrence. I was tired of having alcohol induced panic attacks on the kitchen floor every bloody night just to go to bed and head to work or university the next day and act as if I wasn't completely physically and emotionally exhausted and hungover. I felt drained of money when I realistically had more than enough to live a lavish life if I didn't spend so much on the wine bottles. I felt violated by alcohol by not being in control of how I felt spoke or behave while under the influence. I accepted that day that I was a damned alcoholic and I was not prepared to live the rest of my life in that way. ..03/01/2018 22 years old at my home I'm sitting before my computer making one of the very few posts I have and will ever make on Reddit. Hey Reddit here's how I feel. I feel proud. I feel empowered to have conquered the 12 month battle I set upon myself. But I also feel scared. I feel extremely anxious. I feel defeated. Most of all I feel exhausted. The first two to three weeks of no alcohol I felt okay. It became  obvious that I had made a strong habit out of my drinking but I found if I kept myself busy I felt okay. Then the withdrawals started. I felt cold I felt hot. I felt anxious I felt depressed. I felt like I didn't have control over my body. I would shake uncontrollably I would sweat even if was cold. I couldn't concentrate on any tasks at hand. My GP decided to double my anxiety medication (20mg paxil to 40mg). My withdrawals continued for three months gradually decreasing in severity across that time. Withdrawals weren't the only battle to fight there has been a constant voice in the back of mind screaming at me to "just take a sip" from the moment I wake up to the moment I go bed every day for the past 12 months. There is nothing that I can do to silence her all I can do is stand tall stay strong and say no. But I'm so damn tired and as the days go by it is becoming harder and harder to stay strong when I'm so worn down. It's been 12 months since I took my last sip of alcohol. It will be at least another 12 months before I take another. But I need you to know that I'm struggling. I know that if I give in to the alcoholic voice now she's going to run like the wind with the power and I'll be right back where I was on 03/01/2017. It's been 12 months and for that 12 months I feel proud and I feel powerful but I need to accept that I am tired and I need more support for the ongoing future. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you're still reading thank you. I really appreciate your time. If you're battling something yourself you are not alone. Do not be afraid to seek help. The first step is always the scariest but it's always worth it. ..&amp;#x200B;..tl'dr - As of -3/11/2018 (today) I am 12 months sober. I battled 3 months of withdrawals that doubled my anxiety medication dose. I'm extremely proud of myself but I also acknowledge that I have a very long way to silence the voice in my head that screams at me daily to have a drink. Seek support when you need it no one can can hold a weight for 12 months and not have a tired arm. It's okay to admit that you are struggling but never forget to celebrate your accomplishments.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your honesty. I didn't realize how long physical withdrawals could take. Omg... curious to see how this all pans out. Thanks. And best wishes for the next 12 months! You've done so well
Good luck friend. 
This story of withdrawals scares and inspires me desperately. While I've drank for ~ 5 or 6 years I've been able to stop for brief periods. Perhaps my genes are in my corner but to me it has been a choice... I could control it at least a little bit. I could do it if I'd like (I did not like to :/). I realize now only how I took this for granted. I am also very proud of you. I cannot imagine that choice not existing. It is frankly scary. I'm speechless and if I had more time to ruminate on this I could see it turning into a nightmare of mine. Thank you for putting this up.
Hang in there! You're doing great!   
Thank you for sharing your story and congratulations on a whole year! That's a heck of an achievement. You've got every right to feel proud...You're amazing and strong and you have my admiration. Keep fighting the good fight! I'll be here fighting beside you.
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
All the best fellow Aussie
How much were you drinking a day to have withdrawals like that?
Just stumbled on this keep up the good work!
