-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acanfk/stopping_benzos_alcohol/

Hey guys. ..So I've had a very rough four years of benzo addiction and alcoholism. .I commited myself into an inpatient psych unit on December 1st and finally began my slow withdrawal from Valium and stopped drinking. ..I've withdrawn cold turkey before from benzos against my will 5 years ago. I had seizures and the entire host of withdrawal symptoms for 3 months. It caused permanent damage to my memory and I haven't been the same since...Currently I'm struggling in a profound way with depersonalization and derealization. ..I need some help trying to manage these spells without drinking to subdue them...I have 3 weeks left of the tapper. I use some DBT techniques and have a substance use councillor. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're going through this but this isn't the place to get answers.  You need medical professionals who can treat you.
What was your typical benzo usage ?
I understand about the benzos. ..My journey included a trauma-informed therapist pretty full on but absolutely necessary for depersonalization etc. ..I also have just found this [book](https://www.davidtreleaven.com/book/) - i DO NOT recommend you read/listen without professional guidance because there are personal stories which are quite triggering. ..But the mindfulness therapy action parts are grounding and appropriate to someone having the struggles i heard you say you are having. I know mindful breath and practices like saying what i could see and hear have helped me through some overwhelming moments. ..I am going to be working through this book - in my therapy sessions - because i have tried meditation/mindfulness alot and it was very hard with standard instructions. Mediation modified for ptsd reality is a little more palatable. It seems like you are in a safe space and I'm sending you so much support from here. 
Former benzo user here. Check out benzobuddies.org for lots of support and helpful information.
Hi I'm sorry that I have no useful advice but just wanted to lend you some support. Mind yourself and I will not drink with you today.
Please speak with your doctor. We cannot give medical advice on the subreddit. 
