-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acat2c/300_days_today_struggling/

This morning I was diagnosed with lupus. I have been in so much pain the post few weeks that I'm thinking seriously about quitting my job. My husband is gone for 10 more days for his job and I wish so badly that he was here to comfort me. My house is a disaster. I just don't have the energy to clean or really do anything but lay in bed and watch TV. I was *so* proud of myself last night because I was able to change the cat litter and take the dog for a (very short) walk...My brain keeps telling me that alcohol will numb the pain. I know it won't. It will just make the pain worse when I'm hung over and filled with regret. As much as I think i want to drink I really don't.
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry that you're hurting! So happy that you're keeping your wits about you realizing that alcohol is not the answer. 300 days is amazing it'll be a year before you know it! Off the top of my head the first thing I can suggest for you is a good read. Since you're laid up why not get some self-help into your brain. Have you heard of Dr John Sarno's work? Pretty incredible stuff start with a deep breath and an open mind. Many many people (myself included) are getting relief from various kinds of pain emotionally and physically. There are a few books I started with The Divided Mind then Healing Back Pain. You could also look for YouTube videos and blogs of his proponents. There's an app called Curable that uses the same type of work. I wish you well keep in touch keep us posted. Your friends here care...  
That sucks I am so sorry you are going through this. I'm so glad you are here instead of drinking. Do you have resources and people to turn to in real life also? I hope you find relief from your pain. I will be thinking about you.  
  lupus is a bitch I'm so sorry. My go-to for things like this are the Buddhist podcasts - they really help me (and people with shitty health things) feel connected and grounded. ..
I'm sorry about your troubles. FWIW I think you *did* really well yesterday! That you're having a worse day today doesn't take away that yesterday was good or at least okay and yesterday does prove that tomorrow might be better. Lupus is bad and handling it takes its toll...When I stopped drinking my pains and aches came one step closer. I sometimes miss the dulling of the senses. But the presence and the peace of mind that I have now is something I would never give away...I find a lot of help in long hot baths every night it has become a ritual for me and helps me get a good night's sleep and wake up in a better state than if I didn't. Also mindfulness has helped a lot in getting my mind off cravings and to breathe and sense my way through the pains and fatigue. At this point real craving comes only when I feel that life itself is too much - which I sometimes do when I haven't had my headspace my rest my mindfulness my baths and my other  take myself and my needs seriously -tools...300 days is an awesome feat. I too struggled around then. I was still learning to know the new and ever-evolving me (I still am!). I think you're doing great and even if I would be angry at people saying it to me: I am sure there are better days ahead. I will not drink with you today! 
