-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acgx21/hopeless/

So I relapsed. Again. And you know what? I enjoyed it. So why am I here? I could just go on drinking and not care about the repercussions right? ..Today I am suicidal. I see no way out of this addiction. Rationally I know this is the booze from last night talking but it feels so real. I don't know what to do. I tried meetings SMART does the most for me and I kinda don't want to go to AA even though IRL support would be helpful I'm sure. But it's all just not enough. I keep relapsing and I don't know how to stop myself from doing that it seems hopeless. Just a rant I guess.
----------immediate responses--------

Same here. Relapsed for the 168 (I don't know) time... I can make it to 1 week and then I seem to forget why I quit. And I drink... and drugs. Feeling very hopeless today... .Stay strong
Alcohol and drugs can definitely cause feelings of hopelessness. I feel particularly hopeless the morning (usually while I can't sleep all night) after drinking. I don't know if my badge has been changed but this is day 3 so I actually experienced the despair on Wednesday. I am still trying to recover from the exhaustion but yesterday was alot better. The world is better with you in it my friend (and you ellentjah). There is a suicide hotline you can google if you need.
Is rehab an option?  Honestly i couldnt imagine doing it had i not gone.  Once i got the month down i was kind of cruising.  I had some scary health shit solidify that i dont want to touch the shit again though so that helped make it easier too.
Wishing you grasp for the place you know in your heart will help and stay there for awhile. We all feel hopelessness and despair sometimes. You're not a lone. Reach out. Take some help.  We are here for you and IWNDWYT   Hugs..
Why don't you want to go to AA it's low cost and ubiquitous.  Happy to answer any questions...I tried SMART but it was an all addictions group and there are only 3 meetings a week in my region...My problem is with alcohol so AA and the 12 steps have been sufficient to recover for me.   
 ..From the SMART Recovery Handbook:.."Handled well a lapse or relapse can be brief and provide another opportunity for self-empowerment......After all when we learned to ride a bike we fell many times before we knew how to control the bicycle."
