-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aci5lz/anyone_question_your_depressionanxiety_diagnosis/

Hi friends. I'm really struggling today with what I want for myself going forward. My success with quitting alcohol can be largely attributed to my willingness to change the beliefs I once held about alcohol. And now I'm questioning what I believe about my need for depression and anxiety medication. ..I will talk to my doctor (I've been having terrible night sweats and nightmares) but to be frank I don't entirely trust the whole medical/pharmaceutical/doctor/hospital/insurance ring. Not that I mistrust my doctor personally I just wonder if I really have an incurable chronic disease that I have to take medication for for the rest of my life?? ..I know stopping suddenly can have serious side effects so that's not my plan. I really don't have a plan and I just wanted to know if anyone here has felt similarly after becoming sober and how did you handle those feelings? Again I am not seeking medical advice. ..Thanks for any insight. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Like you say this isn t the place for medical advice. But it might be reasonable to approach both body and mind with a certain openness towards their ability to both change and heal. If one does not add or take away anything it is reasonable to not expect any change; you have now taken away alcohol which we know affects us. Some do have incurable chronic diseases and I ve seen people quit drugs get well then quit meds and get in a shitstorm of another world. But I have also seen people quit and heal - not necessarily completely but to a better place with a different treatment regimen than before and with better effect of their therapy. My two cents is to stay in close contact with your doctor(s) and evaluate with proper trust and scrutiny as time goes by. Good luck IWNDWYT!
I am kinda in the same boat.  After decades of binge drinking and along with prescribed SSRIs .  When I quit drinking I quit my SSRI.. I wanted to get back to what I called my "base line".  ..Now I am strictly on SSRIs along with therapy..  I am feeling better ..I too am a little skeptical "medical/pharmaceutical/doctor/hospital/insurance ring"..I plan to talk with my doctors to stop the SSRIs after I am finished with this bottle...I want to try meditation mindfulness and breathing techniques....Good luck.
I think it deserves exploring!..Alcohol is a depressant and depression's partner is anxiety...Removing the alcohol lifted most of my depressive fugues and alleviated almost all of my anxiety ! 
One of my AA friends told me that she had been diagnosed and medicated for several conditions until she figured out that she was really just an alcoholic. Your mileage may vary but I think for a lot of us that's a true thing. 
A lot of us are dual diagnosis and a lot of us benefit from taking medications for depression/anxiety after we stop drinking.  For myself personally once I was secure in my sobriety contributing to my family and working actively on my spirituality I decided I wanted to come off the Zoloft.  Turns out I didn't need it but I think because I was no longer depressed not because I never was.  
I was prescribed SSRI's for depression and didn't notice any improvement but I was drinking like a maniac the whole time.  I did experience terrible anxiety (which fueled the drinking to some extent) so I eventually stopped the SSRI's.  Two months later I quit drinking and started doing things like getting exercise reading eating better doing projects around the house etc.  I no longer felt depressed at all.  No apathy no self-loathing no more laying in bed wishing I could just sleep my life away...Maybe it's the whole chicken or the egg thing but I know now that alcohol was at least contributing to my depression if not 100% the cause of it.    Like others have said this is not the place for medical advice and everyone's brain chemistry is different but I believe alcohol was my sole issue.  It's definitely worth questioning. 
It's worth exploring.  One of my main motivations (certainly not the only one) to quit/take a break/generally re-evaluate my relationship with alcohol was to alleviate the anxiety I've developed.  I pretty clearly have drinking-related anxiety and I'm already feeling better in that respect after just a few days.  But I am not you and I've never been medically diagnosed with anxiety.
