-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aciwnb/relapsed_hard_before_christmas_back_to_day_12_now/

I'm still somewhat stubborn admitting whether or not I have a problem. At this point I'd rather not try to prove people wrong by trying to drink recreationally. I had a couple of episodes before Christmas where my partner and I would have arguments I'd drive off to a bar and get completely plastered and I'd send my sister (who I'm very close to) texts complaining about things. Sure enough I kind of freaked her out and she spilled the beans to my parents and other family members (rightly so) about my recent binges and everyone since has been worried for my safety. I'm 28 years old and my freaking parents are trying to monitor me like a child (I live about 45 min away). All of this got me so frustrated and upset that these last 12 days have been relatively  easy  not to drink. I've kind of closed myself off from everyone and I've been eating ridiculously healthy and exercising more than I have in a long time. I never imagined that it would take this much anger to put me back on the right track but it's working for now. Instead of hating myself and torturing my body with the bottle I've been restricting my diet and exercising. I still have no inkling whatsoever to drink. Just the thought of it repulses me and would mean I'd admit defeat and appear weak. I have a lot of relationship rebuilding to do with my family and my partner but I guess the motivation I needed was for everyone to get all up in my business. Being treated like a child has really fueled me to prove them wrong and show them how easy it is not to drink. Also people are generally naive about addiction and physical dependence. I may not have actually reached that point but I was well on my way. Anyways just thought I'd share this is the longest streak I've had in months and I feel stronger now than I have in years. Fuck alcohol and fuck having a reputation as an addiction! :( 
----------immediate responses--------

