-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ackh7b/im_struggling_so_bad/

I want to drink wine with my dinner. I have 6 bottles of red wine my wife and i received as Xmas gifts and I can't concentrate on anything except drinking...I stopped weed and drink on the 1st after years of abuse I know if I have weed I can cope without drink but I promised myself I'd stop both. I've stopped for 4 weeks before but this time is so much harder. Ideally I want to stop for a year but right now I don't believe I can do it. ..I feel powerless but I'll fight it.
----------immediate responses--------

Ask your wife to put the booze away.  If she won't just smash em into the trash.  It's really fun!
I'm with you in the struggle. I couldn't quit both vices at the same time so I have continued with weed until a few days ago when I got the flu/bronchitis and thought maybe a break was in order? LOL. Don't really have an end date for that but it has become a daily activity and that screams reliance. I don't want to rely on substances anymore for anything FFS...SO doesn't have any plans to quit drinking (despite talks of a sober January) and there's always some kind of booze in the house. I've always thought I loved wine. But shit! A soda is SOOOOO much better tasting! Goes with anything! And really are you going to pound a six pack of cola? (I have had more than one with dinner--no regrets)..I told my SO he didn't have to put the alcohol away but am beginning to rethink this at least in the beginning (not my 1st rodeo). This isht sucks bad and is so damn hard... but we're in it together and we have so many great examples of success here it is keeping this dream alive. Let's keep fighting! IWNDWYT
Poor em out... Honestly if your wife is supporting you she will get it... 
I might regift them give them to my co-workers I really like. If I didn't want them to know I wasn't drinking I'd just say it wasn't my blend and it's so expensive I wanted someone to actually enjoy it :) 
I finally asked my SO to remove all alcohol from the house. What a relief! Can highly recommend it. 
What about drinking another beverage like sparking grape juice? Some people drink kombucha also. Others find it too triggering.
Strength .Who do you want to be a drinker or non drinker .Your an adult you decide but I can guarantee if you have set your sights on becoming a non drinker drinking will play havoc with your mental clarity .It's better to suffer achieving something than suffer because you let yourself down ..Don't do it ...... life is better without Alchol getting passed 3 months will show you ..It's all in your head just a little craving the more you over come the weaker they get ..
I asked my SO to move the booze I really liked from the house. Really helped
I'm still using weed edibles. I spend a lot of nights alone which makes me want to drink (my own little party) but the aftermath is horrific. Weed not so much. Sad to lean on a substance but gradual steps...I don't go out in public on edibles. Too much anxiety. But it makes nights more fun I guess.
