-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ackku7/im_going_to_my_first_aa_meeting_tonight/

I have terrible social anxiety and don't want to breakdown if I have to talk because I'm an emotional person. It's a newcomers meeting if I figured out the description abbreviations right. I go in 2 hours :/ What should I expect? Do I just find the room and go in and sit down? Do I need to take anything like for notes or something. I know I sound like a tool but this is my 3rd attempt to stay sober and I have no supporter. The main reason I'm going is to maybe make a friend that gets it and understands the daily struggle and shame. Thank you for any and all advice. 
----------immediate responses--------

Relax...Then relax more..A nice person at the door will say hi.  Tip: say "Hi back".  &amp; relax.Grab a seat. - people will/may shake your hand and say hi to you...(That was me anyways)
You need nothing for those meetings. In your first day they will explain you how the group works and well just a general introduction to the program. Maybe they will give you a book just go and listen what they have to say.
It's going to be just fine.  I've gone to AA off and on for 3 years.  I have never spoke or been asked to speak.  You can take notes but I don't think I've seen anyone do that.  In my meeting people essentially stand up and give their drunkalogs.  I enjoy the meetings because I take bits and pieces from each persons story and apply them to my story.  I relate to many people that speak in one way or another.  Again this will be much less painful than you think.  Keep us posted!   
The only thing you need to bring to a meeting is your intent to quit drinking. I was nervous as shit before my first meeting too. As soon as I took a seat my anxiety melted away. There is something very comforting about being surrounded by friendly folks who know the struggle.    .You do not have to speak if you don't want to...although they may ask if there are some newcomers at the beginning. Some folks may just walk up and introduce themselves. It's a *really* great community to be quite honest. There is a lot of wisdom in those rooms. The more meetings I forced myself to go to the more my social anxiety went away. Nowadays I have no problem speaking in front of a group of people. If this meeting isn't your cup of tea try a few others before you pass judgement. Every meeting is different.    .    .Just a heads-up: at the very end everyone stands up forms a circle and joins hands for the serenity prayer. I had no idea what was happening...just so ya know! Good luck!! Meetings will make you feel great!
All you need is a desire to stop drinking. Introduce yourself and ask for phone numbers. Just listen. If not comfortable speaking just say  I'll share the time . First meetings may be intimidating. Remember everyone in that room has walked in there feeling the same as you. And even if it makes no sense to you. Keep going. Try different meetings. Find the ones you are comfortable at. All meetings are different. Took me a while to find the meetings that were for me. You too can do this.  
You don't have to share you can just say you'd rather listen.  Some folks will say hi say hi back.  If you identify yourself as a newcomer somebody will probably offer you their phone number.  Here's the thing:  the membership of AA wants to be helpful to anyone who comes in.   If you walk in and ask someone to buy you a Big Book give you a ride home and be your sponsor you're gonna be taken care of.  If you can possibly manage to announce yourself as a newcomer tell them you're scared and that you need help you'll get it and it will be with no judgement whatsoever.  
Read what /u/Hoppy_Guy said.  ...Read it again but slower...&amp;#x200B;..take a deep breath...&amp;#x200B;..You'll be among friends.
You will be loved until you can love yourself.   To hear God talking to you you must listen.  Best of Luck to you.
I was the same way the door to the meeting felt like it weighed 500lbs.  All of those fears and apprehension will be diminished shortly after you get settled in.      ..Some tips..* Nothing is required but the desire to stop drinking.* Keep an open mind..You'll be glad you went and you will meet some really nice people who understand because they have been there.
There are two articles on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit that describe what it is like to go to your first meeting. Good luck. Keep us posted. 
Hope it was great can you share your experience?
