-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acpgd0/3_years_sober_reflections/

Hello everyone..Just stumbled upon this reddit and I thought I'd share my expirence quitting and any advice I might have giving up the poison.  Might as well warn you now that this is an absolute wall of text so I'll mark a separate section below just for tips. ..---Quitting---..I had my last drink December 26th 2015 at the age of 24. I had started drinking at 18 but i wasn't until I was about 22 that it became a serious problem for me. It kinda crept up on me I didn't really pay attention to how it was affecting my life as alcohol addiction is highly normalised in UK culture. Alcohol is a drug but is given special treatment by society. To this day I strongly recommend everyone to view it as a drug and nothing less. After all if you see a otherwise responsible professional wearing a traffic cone on his head dancing in the middle of the road best believe they are on a powerful psychoactive drug. ..By the time I realised how bad things were I was averaging approximately a 700ml bottle of whiskey per day most days and sometimes as high as a litre of whiskey (40 units) in a day. Needless to say this was running absolute havoc on life and body. The hangovers were brutal and constant. I think I only got away with it physically as I am a large guy and had built up a strong tolerance over a long time. I'd sometimes mix alcohol with amphetamines or other strong stimulants leaving me in an absolute wreck the next day...Aside from the physical cost it was having a very bad effect on my social life. I exclusivley hung around selected friends who were also heavy drinkers shunning other social opportunities. I would often get in very questionable situations that meant  most people turned away from me (except my drinking buddies). I was on the verge of failing my master's degree at a prestigious university. I had failed school multiple years in a row due to gaming addiction and had to work really hard for 3 years at undergrad to even get into a course I was drinking my way out of. My future was slipping away and I couldn't care less....I ran out infront of busy traffic and constantly did stupid shit like that for the thrills. I let all my inhibitions go as often as I could. I got in countless fights and was arrested multiple times.  I would hurt people and get hurt myself. One my friends got glassed on the face with a bottle due to a fight which arose because he was piss drunk and looking for a fight. That could have been me any other day. In that fight I had a knife pulled on me but walked away unscathed (although arrested). I was there cuffed up being questioned by police piss drunk but sharply sobered up by the adrenaline rush of what happened. I knew that this situation would have been avoided 10 times out of 10 if alcohol wasn't involved...Not long after that was Christmas Day. I spent it alone in my room with a bottle of absenth. I had vowed to myself that I would quit for good on the 1st of January...NYE came and all my friends started getting wasted.  I was about 4 days sober by this point a hot streak for me at the time. I had had enough. It was my life or the alchohol they couldn't co-exist anymore. I rejected the arbitrary start date I had set myself  and refused to drink from then on. I knew I couldn't cut back it was all in or all out....---Initial hurdle and tips - 3 months alchohol free---..The first 3 months were the toughest. Nothing brought me pleasure sober. I read sober support forums on sober activies with lethargic disinterest. Nothing seemed worth it if I couldn't have a drink while doing it. Don't give up giving up. Relapse is very common here. If you relapse just try again. It doesn't matter how many attempts it takes as long as you break free in the end. ..Exersize - Over the next few weeks and months I started exercising just to kill time and stay busy. Combined with cutting out alchohol my physical health improved drastically. I had forgotten what it felt like to not be hung over. I had so much more sustained energy and felt like a young man again. Going to the gym really helped me maintain good rhythms healthy practices and socialise myself with sober people. I'd recommend it to anyone trying to give up. The natural endorphin release will do wonders for your body be mind...Socialising friendships and situations - I had spent a long time constructing for myself a social circle and lifestyle which revolved around alchohol and other drugs. I had drinking partners hitting me up regularly trying to convince me or guilt tripping me to join in thier sessions. I just couldn't be around drunk people anymore. It was already hard enough to get through the withdrawal with myself I couldn't fight other people on it too.  I had to cut out all contact with drunk people until I was over the hurdle. Many of my friends I still met sober and others I drifted apart from. If you are serious about giving up a serious alcohol addiction you have to accept that there may be social casualties along the way. Some people will hold you back just so they have a drinking buddy to justify thier own addiction and you have to be ready take actions to save yourself. You will make new friendships to replace them as time passes. I strongly recommend trying to find social activities and clubs that revolve around  interests rather than drinking. For a period you may have to avoid bars pubs clubs and there drinking venues. Seek out book clubs online forums gyms bands anything is fair game as long as it doesn't involve alcohol. You have an opportunity to explore entirely new activities with your newfound spare time. Cinema theater social exersize events art stuff there's alot of options for your weekends...Online and real world support groups - Just as you distance yourself from toxic environments and influences you can surround yourself with people and environments more aligned with  your changing lifestyle. Sharing experiences with like-minded people who understand the path you are walking is crucial. Interaction and empathy is a very powerful tool. We are social creatures and this is one of the most effective to prevent relapse. It is really helpful to exoress your feelings and uour struggles during the tough initial months and long after. You don't have to go through this alone. There are many people who have fought the battles you face now. Just talking helps. Talk....Hobbies - Your probably going to need a new hobby. This is pretty difficult at first as nothing seems the same without a drink to liven things up. This could be anything and I had to go down multiple dead ends before I found an activity I found enjoyable. Learning is very stimulating and a good place to start. You could learn a new academic topic (lots of free online resources availible for a wide range of things) perhaps a new technical skill. Learning sensorimotor skills is a  great way to engage the body and the mjnd such as playing an instrument woodworking clay modelling building model ships DiY painting whatever sticks with you. It's different for every person  but id strongly recommend  you try new things until you find something which stirs your passion. Passion is often found in unlikely places. Be patient and don't give up. Set yourself a goal and a digital reminder to explore a new hobby or activity every week until you found something. In a year or two you may find yourself with a new interest for life.......---Recovery and the home stretch---..It wasn't until about 3 months had passed that I started to feel the natural dopamine rush regularly again. I realised that music would move me emotionally again I'd enjoy hanging out sober and I'd derive pleasure from my own pursuits. My physical and mental health had improved drastically it felt like aging backwards. I lost about 20kg in the first year. My mind felt sharper more focused and less foggy. My memory improved as did my focus and attention.  I managed to redirect my energy and finish my degree...My relationships and interactions with others improved drastically as did my natural temperament. I was more patient with others. Needless to say a few apologies were made for my previous behaviour and drunken transgressions...I was better able to read and react to social situations. My personality changed. 6 months later I got into a relationship which remains a happy meaningful and functional one to this day...Things got much much easier after the first year point. I still struggled with the above issues to a lesser extent for the next few years but it was alot easier to deal with. I established myself In new social circles found new passions and hobbies to focus my energy on. I no longer needed alcohol to be happy...That's the key. Once you understand and truly accept to yoursrlf that alcohol is not nessesary for a happy and full life everything gets easier and better. You can then reclaim your life....3 years later i still sometimes get those voices trying to tempt me and I even bargain with myself sometimes. But those feeligs are very weak and brief and easy to brush away now. They come and go within seconds or minutes. I can hang around bars pubs and drinks with no temptation or risk of breaking. I don't miss it and it has no place in my life anymore...It wasn't easy getting here but to anyone struggling with breaking the habit I assure you it's 100% worth it. You have to suffer the pain and boredom of the seperation. If you can break a toxic relationship you have a much better chance of finding happiness on the other side. There's so much more to life than one specific drug. ....Thanks for reading I hope this will be of some help to someone one...
----------immediate responses--------

I loved reading this thank you so much for sharing. It was exciting to read because i currently just turned 24 and my journey is just starting but reading how you started at 24 how youve made it 3 years had given me the encouragement ive needed. Your post did exactly what you hoped through your tid bit of testimony you have impacted me! And i am thankful and grateful to have read it through...Congratulations on your 3 years! That is absolutely phenomenal i want what you have and i am willing to work hard for it. .Cheers mate.IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
This is great motivation and I don't say that recklessly. Congrats for the fight you put up for your own will to enjoy life again and thank you for sharing it with us.
Congratulation
Hi thank you so much for this post. I find it honest supportive and encouraging. Huge congratulations on your wonderful 3 years of sobriety    . I hope that you don't mind me saying on a more personal note that the depth of maturity in your post just comes out in great big waves. It is clear to me that your 3 year journey has been wide and deep as well as linear. You sound like a wonderful young man. I am very happy to not drink with you today.
Wonderful story thank you
