-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/acppte/how_hard_are_you_on_yourself_when_you_relapse_do/


----------immediate responses--------

For me neither. The quicker I can put it behind myself the quicker I can work on getting my head back in the right place. 
I just move forward as quickly as possible. Get right back on the horse. It happens it's what you do next that counts. I will not drink with you today  
I am hard on myself but it is counterproductive. I find I only start feeling better once I go to the gym or do something in the real world that makes me feel better. Staying inside my head harsh or understanding doesn't help.
It's helpful to figure out why and ask some deep questions. This isn't a moral failing or some crime. There shouldn't be punishment.
I honestly can't remember. I've only made the decision to completely quit twice and I don't plan on finding out how hard I could be on myself this time!
I have noticed that sometimes "relapse" get confused with the normal difficulties associated with getting started on recovery.  The possibly counterproductive result of this confusion is adopting a relapse midset and attitude that is really just a struggle to get started at stopping drinking.  ..From my perspective relapse implies that some measure of recovery or sobriety has been achieved and then is subsequently lost (thrown away).  Recovery normally takes several weeks or months (not days) to get started.  ..It can be harmful for someone to label or consider themselves a chronic relpaser if they are just having difficulties beginning to stop drinking.  My sponsor took 4 years to get a 30 day coin.  He wasn't relapsing during those 4 years he was just not stopping.  Drinking after a couple (few) dry days is just practicing stopping by trial and error and discovering what doesn't work...When a toddler learns to walk there is a reason we don't label them chronic fallers.
I'd recommend being kind towards yourself. Alcohol kicks us down enough. We don't need to help it..  .IWNDWYT 
I had four attempts in 2018 and I noted in the calendar how much I drank each time. First time in July 6 drinks in 4 days (much less than usual that was after 2 weeks of sobriety). Second time in August 3 drinks in 4 days. 2 drinks one evening in early September. Then the last time only 1/2 a glass of wine on the night of 9/15 before my high school class reunion. I couldn't finish the glass because I didn't want to lose any of "me" that night which was a fantastic reason to not drink. That's the date my badge is set to and I look back and I am proud of my progress. Kicking myself when I was moving in the right direction would have been counter productive. The calendar honesty helped me watch my progress. Hang in there!
I've had the most success coming back from a relapse when I focus on what I'm going to do moving forward to support my sobriety. Early sobriety is not a good time to start hashing over the past my brain is still too fried and I tend to get up in negative cycles of thinking. I do find it helpful to look at what I can do differently this time around to avoid mistakes that I made in the past. So instead of  I'm such an idiot for doing that!  it's  Next time I'm going to do this instead. 
