-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aczdpf/how_do_you_drinkparty_without_going_overboard_if/

Four and a half months ago I started college. I didn't party at all in high school (didn't really have a social life) so I was looking forward to doing so in college but I thought that I was going to be responsible about it because I have anxiety and would be too scared of the consequences to go fully overboard. Turns out that's not how anxiety or alcohol works and I've been warned by my dad my friends and my doctor that I should cut down. I didn't go out or drink every weekend of the semester but when I did it was pretty bad. I heard that self-monitoring is a way of figuring out if you have a problem so I just finished writing down all the times I've consumed alcohol since move in. During the exactly 18 weeks between move-in and coming home for break I drank a total of 17 times and 6 times since coming home. I wrote down my own criteria for a "problem episode" (drinking past the point where I knew I was intoxicated having to be cared for by someone else struggling to meet obligations the following day because I got drunk etc.) 9 out of those 17 times I had more than 4 of those 10 criteria twice I had more than 7 and once I had all 10. That last incident was my first time blacking out which screwed me up for days...I don't want to stop drinking entirely. As a matter of fact I want to party more next semester but drink less and stop binging/blacking out. I know that binging has had negative academic (I missed class or didn't do assignments due to drinking on a few occasions) social (being a burden to friends or embarrassing myself with boys) and health (I have so many health issues that if I add alcoholism I've almost certainly got fewer than 50 years left) consequences and I want to be more productive and happier but don't want to get to the point where my only option is complete sobriety before I'm even legally allowed to drink. Does anyone here have any experience with things like this?
----------immediate responses--------

In my case it just wasn't possible. At times I could control it however it took so much mental strength and focus that it just wasn't worth it.
Honestly there are lots of worrisome red flags here (blacking out doctor and family are concerned) ...especially for being so young. It sounds like you put a lot of effort into trying to track and monitor your consumption in an effort to control it but it doesn't seem to be working.    .    .For me I finally had to come to terms with the fact that moderation is an illusion. The only way I can control alcohol is simply not drink it. Trying to monitor my consumption was torture. Besides what was the point? I drank to get *drunk*. Zero drinks is so much easier and less stressful.    .    .If I could get in a time machine and go back I would slap my college self across the face and tell myself to focus on school and my future...not the partying.     .    .But that's just me...
I am not that person!  I can't moderate.   I could go days without drinking but when I did I really drank.  It is better for me not to pick up or open the bottle. 
I could either control my drinking or I could enjoy my drinking. I could not do both at the same time. The consequences of trying for 16 years escalated and escalated. If you can stop now you'll undoubtedly save yourself some misery. If not well neither could I until I had experienced sufficient consequences to shake me in to recognizing the pattern. While the pattern is yet in the early stages it is easier to dismiss - to rationalize away the data points as being attributable to something ANYTHING besides alcoholism. As the pattern progresses the denial grows stronger...Becoming an alcoholic was one of the most freeing experiences of my life. I no longer time-travel. I am present for my life. It's a nice feeling to not have to wonder what I said or did the day before. 
I am not sure you can if you have addictive tendencies. I Know one drink leads to ten. I cannot moderate. I tried for years. 
I feel for you. That is a tough thing to deal with. Everyone else around you seems to moderate but it's hard for you. The only thing I'd recommend  is try to have a buddy you can rely on. Someone who will help you stay in check. Also limit your outings. Focus on studying. Allow yourself to drink one or two nights a week. Don't have any alcohol in the dorm/apartment. Make yourself have to go out and buy it. I'm just brainstorming....
Binging can really hurt your organs. So for a little fun now you could create damage in your brain and liver and organs for the future. I'm not trying to scare you. But you need to stop thinking  I want to drink MORE next semester.  You could seriously hurt yourself or someone else. Sending you a big hug. Also if you feel comfortable reach out to mom or dad. 
Or tell your roommates not to have it in the house. Or at the least put it somewhere where you have to get up and get it like the basement. Do you live in a dorm?
Addictive personality + addictive substance = ...well I'll just leave it there.
Do yourself a favor and just stop drinking.  Seriously spend a few hours researching how bad it is for you - check out this Naked Mind.  I wish someone had given me this advice 35 years ago.  ..The fact that you black out is bad news - you will never be able to drink like so many can.  It reality however it's a blessing not a curse.  Good luck!  :)
Sorry about mom:( that's sad. It's good you have dad to talk to. It also seems like you are mature enough because you are analyzing this all. So i think since you know it runs in your family stay vigilant. And if it truly gets out of hand pull back and ask for help. Xo
If you're a data-driven sort of person you might be interested to take the [Alcohol Use Disorder](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uodvf/scoring_top_marks_on_the_alcohol_use_disorder/) self-assessment quiz to see where you fall on the spectrum and get some insight into your drinking.....My answers to that quiz are also at that link as they would have been just before I stopped drinking aged nearly 33... I definitely had a problem when I was in my late teens and early 20s too but back then it was easy enough to brush it off as 'just partying' and youthful exuberance before the more serious negative consequences had started to make themselves felt... ..If I could turn the clock back and stop at 19 at the first sign of trouble I most assuredly would!..There are some great big flapping Red Flags in what you describe and it's never too soon to do something about it.....&gt;I don't want to stop drinking entirely. As a matter of fact I want to party more next semester but drink less and stop binging/blacking out..Good luck with squaring that particular circle let us know how that pans out for you... ..&gt;I don't want to get to the point where my only option is complete sobriety before I'm even legally allowed to drink..Why not? Sobriety is awesome.... it certainly beats stumbling through your 20s with a worsening alcohol problem like I did... it was shit I wouldn't recommend it!..It's also worth noting that the human brain doesn't finish maturing until about the age of 25-ish particularly the prefrontal cortex which is involved in things like impulse control rational decision-making and sensible long-term planning... dousing a developing brain in a dangerous addictive drug like alcohol is a really bad idea.....If you struggle with anxiety as many of us do alcohol will make it worse! It might *feel* like it helps but in the long run it has quite the opposite effect.....I highly recommend the book 'Alcohol Explained' by William Porter along with 'This Naked Mind' by Annie Grace... I wish I'd read both when I was your age.....Best of luck with whatever you decide to do and keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
I found when moderating didn't work I tried different drinks and I tried everything!  It never works.   I'm a lot older than you and I'm greatful for this resource if it was around in my 20's I would have stopped earlier. ..Just give no drink a chance and see if you feel better about everything.   Your 20's are precious don't let booze spoil them.   
After reading all the comments.... I think this.... if you want to go out and have 0-2 drinks. Do just that. If you can't do that then you will have your answer. And sorry to hear about your mother x
