-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad0ry6/life_after_a_dui/

Hey guys about two weeks ago I was charged with a dui as well as various other charges. Since my night in jail I've been filled with a variety of emotions and have felt like I've been on an emotional roller coaster. It wouldn't be nearly so bad if my local news didn't publish an entire news story about me with my mug shot plastered on the top...I've had suicidal thoughts at times but I'm trying to stay positive and ride through the rough waves. But it's definitely tough. I'm only 20 years old and I feel like I've basically thrown my future away sometimes. I'm about to transfer to from a local community college to a university next year and I feel like this is definitely going to effect me when I'm looking for a job. ..It's hard juggling all of the emotions and I'm constantly thinking about it in the back of my head. I wasn't even drinking that much but I will admit to having a problem because it is affecting my life. I feel angry and frustrated at myself and at the whole system but at the end of the day I know I just have myself to blame. I just want my life back. I'm on my own financially and am struggling with working full time and going to school full time.
----------immediate responses--------

I just want to move on with my life and put this mistake behind me but it's hard when there is a news article making me seem like a terrible person that pops up when you google my name.
You have your whole life ahead of you. The best thing we can do is learn from our mistakes and not repeat them. If you need help get help. There are a lot of free resources available namely aa. Good luck. 
In five or so years maybe less you can apply for a pardon. Done and gone. It's just a bump in the road. You got a lot of years left.
[removed]
My girlfriend got a DUI when she was 21. Definitely made her life more difficult for a year or so.  Now at 26 all of that is behind her. Dont let it get you down. You rolled the dice and lost. That sucks. But you have nothing to worry about. Just stay on the straight and narrow for here on out and everything will be fine. 
Here's the thing: you're young.  I gotta say that it's easier to explain a  mistake like that by saying "I was young and stupid and I really regret that incident but it did teach me valuable lesson and put in motion the work I've done to improve myself such as: xy and z.  Being able to show some sort of recovery work outside of whatever is mandated will help.  Like AA or Refuge Recover or SMART showing goals made and met or in progress.  Showing volunteer work and effort toward making a difference in your own life and the world in general.  These things matter a lot.  ..It will impact your near future and make things harder and cost a bunch and be a giant pain in the ass.  And you will have to work harder to prove yourself and improve your future.  But all of that will give you great tools in the future and your immediate liabilities will someday shape your greatest strengths. ..So take it one day at a time.  Put in the work.  And don't get too discouraged.  I will not drink with you today.
Got one about 8 years ago. Life is okay now but it did fuck me and continues...Since my dui I have lost my career had my credit score tank lost my savings developed mental illness been denied jobs been denied apartments and have had a suicide attempt. All of them can be traced directly to that night. There hasn't been a day in 8 years I dont think about that day at least 10 times...Can life get better? Sure. But this may very well be your moment that divides your life into a 'before' and 'after'...People saying things like its not a big deal or you'll look back on this and be thankful can mean well but the truth is things wont ever be the same. 
My Dad used to always tell me when I was in my 20's  Life is so long. You can find yourself living a completely different life 10 years from now and you'd still have about 70 years to go. ...Looking back it was impossible to comprehend this because I had only been around about 25 years and about half of that was childhood BS. That conversar was about 14 years ago and life is so different now. ...There are thousands of different cities and towns for you to explore and within just a few years you'll be the only person who remembers that dui story I promise you that. ...I hung out with a sober friend on NYE who owns his own law firm now. He was telling me about how he had 3 DUI's and once passed out at the wheel on the highway and was lucky to have survived that. He did every drug there is. Now he's just a little over 40 millionaire and nobody passes on his legal services because of his history with drugs and alcohol in his early 20's. ...Don't sweat this too much. Just work hard respect your bosses and make sure you lift plenty of weights in these years where you still have high testosterone. .
Be glad you're 20 and can drive I'm 28 and was too drunk my younger years to drive and now I cant even afford to get a vehicle and probably never will 
You don't disclose DUIs on your resume and a misdemeanor DUI will not prevent you from getting 'corporate'-type jobs (unless driving is central to the job and in most cases it's not). It won't affect your professional life nearly as much as being frequently hungover for work not having motivation to do and try your best and pursue your career goals. It can really be a blessing in disguise if you choose for it to be that.
Fight it. Spend the 10K. Keep your record clean.
Been there myself...Cut out the article and put it away in a book or something...Decades from now after you've turned out good and I expect you will you can show your grandkids - granpa was a badass. :)
Look I'll tell you this. It's not going to be easy. There's no reason or way to sugar coat it and doing so would be a disservice to you. When i got my DUI I had the exact same thoughts as you. My life was over there was no way to recover from it everyone was going to hate me everything that you're feeling I have felt. That was almost 4 years ago and I barely even remember it happened. ..&amp;#x200B;..You will get through this is. Your life is not over. I know it's hard not to be shortsighted but try to look 5 10 15 years into the future. This will be a blimp on your timeline and it will not define you. You will recover and you will put this past you. ..&amp;#x200B;..But it takes work. The only way you're going to get through this is to work to change. Show people that it was a mistake and you're manning (or womanning) up and taking your life into your own hands and making yourself a better person. That's what it's going to take and it's not going to be easy. Actions speak louder than words so SHOW people you're making the changes to be a better person. Good Luck. 
I got a dui and that has been my impetus for sobriety. I can tell you that the first few months were very rough but it got a lot better with time. My life is infinitely better now because of my sobriety and I never would have gotten there without my DUI. It will all be okay. This is your chance to have this be a wake up call that changes your life. Don't let this be a dumb mistake use it as a way to improve yourself. ..My view of it was that God had been calling me and I hadn't answered back. I was falling deeper and deeper into drinking. He came and hit me with a 2X4 (dui) to get my attention. You will get through this and in a few years it will be a distant memory and learning lesson. Best of luck! 
Hi..I was arrested for dui about 4 years ago when I was 24. Took me 4 years to be sober and I just hit my 90 day mark last week. Just wanted to tell you it does get better. I wanted to end it many times too. This will be challenging but you have an opportunity to change and use this to develop into adult hood...P.s- if you can afford it please get a really great defense attorney. I was convicted but without my attorney my sentencing would have been much more serious.
Just deal with the news story you drove and you know what you did. But its not uncommon unfortunately for people to drive drunk...I feel you on drinking and with all the emotional shit i try to hide I just end up letting it all out when I drink too much which makes things even worse.
DUIs suck. But you can absolutely bounce back from one. You have your whole life ahead of you. I first started getting into trouble involving my drinking when I was about your age. I got arrested at 22. And I managed to fill the rest of my 20s with a whole lot more trouble and bad decisions even though I wasn't getting arrested. ..Point being it sucks now but you can certainly dig yourself deeper. The good news is you definitely don't have to! There will be a day a lot sooner than you think when you forget this even happened. Take advantage of the pain now work your butt off and think about how you feel. When you're on the other side of this it'll make you appreciate what you have overcome. 
aa therapy there is help.
I got a DUI about 4 years ago at age 22 I think and at the time I thought my life was fucking over.  I cried and cried.  I paid the fines lost my license dealt with the consequences and you know what? 4 years later and I'm GLAD it happened to me!  These moments can be blessings if you use them wisely!  This is just a small bump in your long journey trust me.  
