-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad5ddi/the_pull_of_alcohol_marketing/

 ..Persuasive and pervasive..How did us ladies all suddenly go from cava to prosecco? Why are all the men donning beards and drinking over-priced amusingly-named beer out of tiny stylishly-illustrated cans? We're manipulated by the advertising industry and we don't even realise. It's no accident that  I fancy a drink' pops into our heads as we go about our otherwise sober days. Once we notice the pervasive insidious power of alcohol marketing it all starts to feel a tad sinister...Even those who don't describe themselves as alcoholic or having a problem with alcohol can find themselves drinking when they hadn't planned to thanks to the pusher marketeers. But for those of us struggling with our alcohol (ab)use this mental product placement mixes with our addictive voices. This spells double trouble for our resolve. No wonder we were all fucked until we stopped...The mindset of lack..The problem with all this ever-present alcohol and drinking malarkey is we can feel like we're *giving up* something pleasurable. But for those of us who stopped for January because we were sick of it it was never that nice. The first 30 minutes may or may not give us a bit of relaxation. But then if you're anything like me you're locked into throating the grog for whatever is left of the day. And probably the next  and the next  as you try and drink your way to a better state of mind over and over again...When I was a drinker if I was forced to stop after a couple of bevvies by circumstances beyond my control (moving on from a pub midway on a walk for example) I'd spend the rest of the time until I could drink again in a foul mood. There'd be descending dehydration and a headache in the post. My addictive voice would be chuntering on about possible pub stops the likelihood of coming across a tearoom that sells booze (you'd be surprised how many places now do) or even better an off licence just past that field of friesians...Despite this alcohol-isn't-very-nice scenario playing out in various versions throughout my pisshead life when I've stopped in the past I've felt left out deprived and sulky. No wonder my scarce sober stints ended in a sozzled me. That's what I am giving up...[Gaining a life not giving up drink](https://soberism.co.uk/2019/01/06/gaining-life-not-lack/)
----------immediate responses--------

That is nice but are you just promoting your blog or whatever it is?  I see you posted the exact same in a few different subs.
So how's your sobriety?
This post violates our "no promotion" rule and has been removed.
It's a discussion point. It's been removed from stop drinking because it broke the rules. It's a shame because I'm trying to help people. I don't get any money out of it
