-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad7fsd/90_days/

Today is 90 days and I'm so happy to have broken up with alcohol. I feel like making it through the holidays was the hardest step until camping season rolls around and by then I'll hopefully be even stronger in my resolve. ..Weed was recently legalized in my state and at the time I was newly sober and thought "great this can be my replacement and I can have a little weed every night instead of drinking and I can have a lot when I want to party etc..." I finally got some last night and I was super hesitant to even smoke it because I have been enjoying sobriety so much. ..I ended up having a few hits and it was fine but I did feel frustration at the loss of being completely in control of my headspace. I used to reach for that when I was drinking but now that I'm used to the clarity and control I enjoy it. It was fine though and at the end of the night before bed my husband told me to go finish the joint which is something that i would have totally done when drinking (oh gotta have one more before bed to make sure I'm *definitely* drunk and sleepy) but I said "Nah I feel good" and left it. ..So anyway it's good to see that things are changing even though weed has never been an issue for me but I have always had that "just a little bit more" mentality and I could see that it wasn't as strong as it used to be. ..I know it'll never be like that with alcohol. I do feel like I'm growing a lot as far as what I consider necessary to have fun. I won't be making the decision to moderate but it does make me feel?l hopeful that the struggle to continue with sobriety from alcohol will keep getting easier and easier with time. ..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm at 92 days myself. IWNDWYT 
What a great milestone.  Happy 90 Days to you.  ..&gt;frustration at the loss of being completely in control of my headspace..I can totally relate to this. IWNDWYT
Congratulations on 90 days! Cannabis has been helping me stay off the booze however I use it very moderately. Iwndwyt!
Nice! If been offered weed by a friend but didn't want to fuck up my sobriety from alcohol. I guess I feared that one thing would lead to another and I'd slip up and have a drink. Appreciate more insight on smoking weed after becoming sober.
IWNDWYT
