-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ad94yb/dating_in_recovery/

Hey everyone!..This is actually my first time posting here. I made the decision to quit alcohol and drugs one year ago. In that time I relapsed four times. The last one was 25 days ago and was pretty minor (I had a pill of ecstasy and two drinks) But I still reset my sober date...Anyways today I feel a bit down. I met a guy that I like we haven't been on a real date yet but he told me he likes to drink wine with his food. (We were thinking of going out to eat for the date) I told him I don't drink and he said how is that possible? Everybody likes wine. Honestly I don't feel like telling him already why I don't drink. (That one drink will lead to many more and eventually cocaine). The situation just pissed me off. Why do we always have to justify not drinking? Well not always but pretty damn often. ..I'm not really expecting advice or answers. I just needed to vent today...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Btw is reddit really anonymous?
I would simply say I don't want any and I would like you to respect that. ..If he can't respect a no when it comes to wine imagine what else he won't respect a no to. 
Not sure if I have any advice but I can definitely commiserate. I'm coming up on a year not drinking and will be dating again in the next couple months after a self-imposed hiatus. Living in a city where craft beer is king it will be difficult to find someone who doesn't drink. I won't be setting aside my values aside for someone who's not right for me and I'm feeling hopeful that there's someone out there who's right for me. 
If they like you and want to be with you they will respect that. I have to say that when I tell men I don't drink (Ive been on this recovery thing many times  but most of the past 4 months has been in sobriety) they usually respect it. I just say I don't like the way it makes me feel or I'm on a fitness challenge or whatever. One man is in AA also and we aren't sure about where we are with our relationship bc  two sickies don't make a wellie   as they say in AA. At this point in my sobriety I'm only dating people that either don't drink or are willing to drink out of my presence. Think about whether you are willing to compromise your sobriety for a person you hardly know. I won't. I will die if I drink or lose my home/career/children bc like you drinking leads to all the bad things including recklessness
I am totally struggling with this. My goal for dating is to find someone capable of emotional intimacy. I could not possibly have this with someone who could not at least somewhat understand my struggle. I cannot be with someone who is inconvenienced by my sobriety because alcohol is an integral part of their life. I tried. It only made me feel bad about myself and angry at him. It's hard though.  
I'm new to sobriety so I can't offer much worthwhile. I'm sure the more experienced folks will have better ideas about it but for me I strive to be authentic.  IWNDWYT 
