-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adcxka/30_days_women_and_booze_things_that_helped_me/

Hello.. I just wanted to share what I've been doing. People on this subreddit have varying degrees of addiction.  So obviously where I began might not be helpful to everyone but maybe it will resonate with someone. I often see people asking in this subreddit "where do I begin?" This is how I began...I have a drinking problem.  I'm not dependent on alcohol but my tolerance levels were increasing and I was really worried about that.  I was well on my way to dependency. My dad and both of my brothers are alcoholics. I know that means that I have a much better chance of being an alcoholic. I didn't drink much in my 20s 30s or even as a teenager. It is only been in the past 2 years that I was really drinking a lot; way too much for a female and someone of my age and weight. I was drinking probably 2 or 3 drinks a night and had maybe one night off.   ..I  didn't want to hit rock bottom in order to change. I've seen so many people in my life hit rock bottom including my dad. He wound up in prison for 17 years and that's where he died. A lot of it was due to alcoholism.  My friend's boyfriend died a few weeks ago because he relapsed fell hit his head and bled to death. ..Alcohol is so acceptable in our culture. TV shows that specifically show women drinking heavily as a positive form of being together. All those Real Housewife shows lots of drinking mommy bloggers a lot of memes really center around women and drinking. There's been a lot of studies recently about women &amp; drinking and how it affects them.  For me understanding this information has been helpful in stopping my drinking. ..A couple of things that have really helped me as well is an on line program called Check Ups and Choices. You log your drinking and helps keep you accountable for how much you are drinking and why. ..I also have been listening to a lot of pod casts. One podcast that I really like is Take A Break..I subscribe to a newsletter from the Sober School and have watched some videos from the Sober School.  I feel like these things help me understand what my options are and why I'm drinking. They're also really encouraging. I've really been finding helpful tools and support through these things... I have been making mock tails. I mix spicy Ginger ale and some sort of super juice. Or club soda and cherry concentrate. It's a way to get little bit of sugar and some of sweetness to go with my meal or to do something to relax.  I've been drinking tea again. That ritual of making something relaxing and taking care of myself really hits the spot. ..I want to thank everyone on this subreddit for sharing their experiences and their honesty. ..If you feel like you need a break from drinking it's okay...Thanks if you made it this far through this long post. ..Much peace ya'll. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT. It'd be nice to see more shows and movies with no drinking in it! Kinda like how cigs have been phased out. 
oof. I just realized my headline (?) is really terrible. Women and booze did NOT help me. : /
Thank you for your post and funny title!Iwndwyt!
Thanks for sharing your tips. IWNDWYT
I so agree about the depiction of women with alcohol. Since I stopped drinking I've realized how nearly all shows and movies depict heavy drinking as the main form of female socializing or relaxing. I think even if you go back to films and shows in the nineties it's way scaled back from what is portrayed now. What is it that changed in the last 20 years or so that this is being emphasized so much? I don't see it as a feminist advancement and surely there are other ways to portray comedic scenarios etc.
Love the Take a Break podcast. She is brilliant!
Congrats!
