-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adi19n/my_father_with_twentytwo_years_sober_relapsed/

And it makes me never want to touch alcohol again. ..While growing up I always knew my dad as a sober man. He was still an angry man and sometimes violent but not from drinking. ..About six months ago he started drinking again. I didn't know this because I was away but when I came home I found out about not only his drinking but also his new domestic violence charge that I'm sure is related. ..I just got back form spending a weekend vacation with him. He drank upwards of eight to ten high ABV beers each night and I've never seen him look more pathetic. ..He's a stubborn guy and I don't think he'd listen to me if I tried to help him. What I can do though is help myself. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry bashfulbastard. IWNDWYT 
Sorry to hear this. It's a good reminder of how no matter how much sobriety we have under our belt moderation will never be possible. You're doing great at 29 days. Keep it up :)
You might check out alanon -  /r/alanon here
There is an support program called adult children of alcoholics (ACA) which may help you. IWNDWYT 
My dad was an alcoholic too.  Mean and nasty.  And if he ever thought his drinking was a problem he never admitted it.  He was an angry and unhappy person too and he took it out on his family.  God he could be such a shitty bastard.  I wish he had been sober while I grew up.  I don't think things would have been quite so bad.  It was a nightmare.  And I may not have developed a drinking problem myself had I had a healthier less dysfunctional environment in my earlier years.  I can't say for certain but I think I would have handled alcohol much differently if things had been better.  But I'm all grown up now.  And my father is gone.  While I do blame him for many of my emotional and psychological problems. I'm mature and sane enough to know I'm the only one who can fix it at this point.  Dwelling on the source at this point is a useless waste of time.  What's done is done.  Now for the un-doing...We need to have the faith that we are adult individuals with the capability to change things.  We don't have to settle for the cards the past dealt us.  We can do this...IWNDWYT.  
It sucks watching other people going down the drain.  Good that you're steering clear of that.  IWNDWYT!
You're sobriety comes first. I wish he finds his sobriety again. Do you know what caused his relapse?
I'm sorry to hear this.  I'm also glad that you see this as an opportunity to further your commitment to your own sobriety.  IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Keep being sober..the better you do the more he'll see that and in the end he'll probably want to come back to it. Most of us who drank a lot hate it deep down. Chin Up!
I am a father and have gotten fkd up in front of my adult kids..That story hit home that's why I come here..Thank you IWNDWYT or tomorrow
