-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adjdcj/im_doing_everything_to_improve_my_life_and_all/

Rant ahead...I was just on the phone with an agent regarding life insurance.  Let me start with the last 6 months everything has started to click with me.  My depression is gone my anxiety is gone my alcohol is gone I've gone from 185lbs to 150lbs (credit to the lose it/intermittent fasting peeps) I've worked on myself and it has improved my life drastically.  I remember old timer Jim used to say "You didn't relapse you just weren't done drinking."  I get that now I understand.   . However the entire phone call kept bringing up the past.  Have you ever done drugs or abused alcohol? Yes but I'm..... Have you ever attended AA?  Yes but I'm sob.....  Have you ever been diagnosed with depression?  Yes but with my meds and sobriety I'm... How long have you been sober?  Have you ever been institutionalized?  Yes but I was 20 and things have..... Nothing about my current status nothing about all the effort I have made to improve my life.  I get it they want to know who they are providing insurance for and how much to charge.  But can we focus on my current life where I am at today just for a moment I want someone to notice the hard work I've put into this.  I know it won't be from an insurance company but it sure would be nice.  ..Keep on keeping on my peeps IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you.  Every time I have to pass a background check I stress out a little about the DUI I got 15 years ago. ..And other ghosts haunt me from the past but I just try and focus on the present.  Things I can control vs things I can't and all....I will not drink with you today.
I can relate.
I notice the hard work...Other people in your life notice the hard work...Insurance companies are cold-hearted actuarial entities...I'd give it some time!
I'm sure people notice. I'm sure most appreciate. Some are jealous thinking  I wish I could be like that . Some very few will tell you. .But after all you doing it for yourself. So keep going I'm ahead of you sober for over two years 120 pounds down ;-P
When I was drinking lots and lots in my 20s I received a false positive for hepatitis when donating blood. They won't ever take my blood again even 20 years later and good health. It sucks. :(..Congrats on your new life. I'm enjoying mine and try not to let my past mistakes get me down too much. 
I mean part of this deal for me is just...growing up.  No one is giving me a medal for doing the right thing for growing as a man.  Even if they did would it really matter?  A big part of this whole sobriety deal is finding acceptance and peace deep within myself and not seeking that validation externally.  Because if i am focused on that getting pats on the back from life i'll always be grasping and chasing after it and never finding what i'm really looking for.    A lot of people are going to hear this and say "oh yeah i know that but just once in a while it would be nice if someone would just..." no.  if that is what you think then you really don't fully get what I mean.
I noticed your hard work right away. Keep it up!
Ain't gonna happen with an insurance agent.  They want to know how much of a risk you are.  You cannot now and never will be able to control how others think about you and it's a waste of your time to let it bother you.  I get it it's hard not to but ultimately you being happy with you has to be enough.  Fuck him you're awesome.
Yeah it can be annoying but it's how the actuaries operate.  They are just playing the numbers game.  ..Also remember that if they do cite a history of alcohol abuse to justify a rate hike after a certain period of time they will typically rerate you down.  ..It is also helpful to go to a broker who has an "in" with specialty-risk clients.  ..Lastly as annoying as it is hiding or misleading a life insurer opens the door to other problems.  It's not worth it.  ..You get a pat on the back from yours truly today!
I've worked in insurance for ten years...first in sales and now in regulation. Insurance is the last place you'll want to look to be valued for the changes you've made. All they care about is what kind of risk you are and where they can make profit. 
I recognize how amazing your progress is! Like really it is something that I think should be shouted from rooftops. I'm on my way behind you and look to people like you to keep pushing forward knowing that it is possible. I feel frustrated too by the emphasis on the bad that we get from others even after coming a very long way. I love being around other people with the same issue they tend to be the only people that see how incredible it is to be successful with this. 
Only a life insurance company would measure you by such statistics.  They are busy making money off you not dying on their policy therefore paying into something they'll likely never pay out on (most policies reduce drastically at age 65 further at 70 while the premiums skyrocket to an in-affordable rate at an age where most have reduced income).  Anyway they're taking a health and risk survey you've been diagnosed with disorders and they believe you're an alcoholic any box to tick to drive up your monthly premium.  It's just numbers.  And the pricks on the other end of the phone feel bad for you too punching in algorithms to determine the price of a human life.  Also they want to make sure you aren't a suicide risk - most policies include a clause that voids the contract if the subscriber commits suicide within two years of taking out the policy. ..Anyway I'm sure you're a great person because you are improving yourself all the time.  *And for that I give you one Reddit karma point.*..&amp;#x200B;
