-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adjozx/anybody_else_suffer_crippling_anxiety_after/

I last had a drink 12 days ago and I feel great. I've been suffering with increasingly unbearable anxiety the day after I drink for as long as I can remember and I decided to do something about it. I've spoken to lots of people who have told me they have anxiety the day after drinking but so feel that what I go through is 100 times worse than what other people do. ..My anxiety usually starts early 5:30/6am when I wake up and my mind starts racing and most of the time I start shaking. I then usually take some cocktail of vitamins/ sleep medication to try and knock me out again. I'm probably most anxious when I'm driving after drinking I'm a nervous wreck! I've tried everything to help with this but I've come to the conclusion that the only way to stop it is to not drink. I've struggled with this thought for a while I've worried about future holidays 8 months down the line) or even going to Glastonbury in June worrying what my friends will say about me not drinking. I have spoke to my partner in the past and wished she could be in my shoes for one day and feel how I do. ..When I say drinking I'm not even talking heavy drinking not going out getting blackout drunk  I could have been sat in front of the tv with my partner sharing some wine and I'd still wake up at 6am the day after feeing anxious as hell. Obviously when I have had a heavy session my anxiety levels are through the roof and I've been close to tears on countless occasions. ..I don't know what the point of this post is I guess I just wanted to see if there's anyone out there who suffers like me. ..12 days without feeling like shit!   
----------immediate responses--------

Yes. Absolutely. Every single word particularly the driving. My day job is as a musician and whenever we have played Glastonbury I have been consistently sloshed but as you probably know on site such excess is normalised. When we play there next time though I shall be straight. Besides there are lots of people who go there and don't spend their time absolutely trashed. Head off to the various chai tents or the Krishna areas. You'll meet some of the nicest people you've ever met. There is a certain serenity there anyway and if your 'friends' don't understand and support you in your sobriety well they ain't your friends. Good luck!
Yep. I believe my drinking is responsible for the anxiety disorder I have developed. My nervous system and fight or flight or flight response have suffered from my years of drinking. I get hangovers worse than anyone I know... it's not worth it anymore.
Yes!!! I had awful hangxiety. But since quitting its soooooooo much better. And the anxiety I do have I can approach and calm myself. When I was drinking/hungover I couldn't calm down. 
Oh yes. That unspecified awful feeling of doom &amp; foreboding that coupled with the dark early evenings and the physical  traces of a hangover leads me to drink again... breaking the cycle today &amp; am really looking forward to waking up tomorrow with less anxiety. 
No alcohol for me helped my anxiety and depression immensely. I believe now it was the main cause. Gets better for me as each day clicks by. .If this wasn't the case I'd most likely still be drinking today. 
My understanding is anxiety is a very normal symptom of withdrawal from alcohol. The hours after a last drink your body wants more as is the nature of the drug of course. The hangover consists of dealing with this and all the other fun symptoms of withdrawal (nausea headache muscle aches dehydration anxiety increased blood pressure increased body temperature insomnia). Some people think only the most severe alcoholics experience withdrawal... but the typical hangover is actually caused in most part by withdrawal from alcohol.
Yes suffered with crippling anxiety after nights of drinking.  Used to wake up at 4am stomach fluttering like hell couldn't keep legs and feet still until it got to the stage where I had to have a couple of shots at 6 in the morning to stop the shakes and anxiety.  A horrible state and cycle to get into and one which I was glad to break and hope not to go back to again.  Wishing you all the best and IWNDWYT
Yup. I'm a binge drinker could go a month without a drink still have anxiety from the last binge then go all out and SLAM liquor into my system. Haven't drank since September and my anxiety is still getting better. Took me a while to realize that the anxiety I was experienced months after was due to drinking. Now after three months I'm feeling better than I can remember. Of course over the past month I've had some of the darkest days of my life but I attribute that to my brains final scream for a binge. During the time I was drinking I had massive social anxiety which I never had in my life now that's almost gone and I can breath again. Also might quit cigs or weed too if you are doing them they amplify my anxiety to the max. Once you get over the emotional hump (different for everyone usually 3-12 months for most) you'll start to develop a new perspective on life and alcohol you'll learn to self-soothe with your thoughts alone. When you are so used to an insane amount of anxiety caused by drinking a small amount of normal anxiety feels like bliss. As strange as that sounds I'll still have a slightly awkward social moment with someone (which used to send me into an unreasonable spiral of self doubt) but now I'm just like "fugg jt" lol best of luck!
Post drinking anxiety is so shit.  Could hit me for days after a session.   
I absolutely did.  This was about 12 years ago and I went to the doctor who put me in meds including klonopin.  That was a disaster.   To some extent it allowed me to drink without that consequence so I drank more.  This continued for about 12 years.  Happy to say I'm off benzos now and sober.  ..Should have just listened to my body and mind.  
Oh man... Yes.  Ive heard that is one of the symptoms of withdrawal.  You can this!
Yes I definitely get this. At some point alcohol also started giving me anxiety the day after.  It has steadily gotten worse the older  I have gotten to the point where it morphed into many days of panic level anxiety and crying and shaking. These have been so painful for me.  It even started happening without alcohol. I can't take the chance of going through it again :'(
