-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adx241/the_breaking_point_comes_out_of_nowhere/

When I got off work I felt very sad; sad about the job I don't much like and feel stuck in no matter how much I apply for new stuff...There were other reasons for this sudden sadness too but I can't readily identify them...But I'm going to try in journal writing -- my one solace from relapse...I wanted to get into the store and get booze I ached for it and the feeling had arisen from very little...But I thought about the night sweats I've partially overcome and how little good drinking will do...All it will do is reignite the unquenchable desire for booze a meaningless pursuit that has no end...Not sure why I'm tying this...I guess I'm just saying be vigilant; your emotions are overwhelming and if like me they're tied to your one-size fits all solution that is drinking then get home quick -- much longer outside and I'll eventually cave and go purchase...IWDWYT...I'm committed to this now. It hurts but I know it hurts less than backsliding. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm feeling the sadness too. Must be something in the air. It will pass. ..IWNDWYT 
Amen. Don't trust the sadness. I still get bouts of it but just try and remember that my brain is attempting to rewire itself to work the right way again. We're here for you...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT!
Don't buy the alcohol don't take that first sip. It will mask the feelings and before long it'll be misery once again IWNDWYT 
no more night sweats... don't go back there! keep your head up it's a journey; there are no highs without the lows. IWNDWYT
Thank you for your thoughts. It is a horrible situation. I keep turning the channel. Ugh.... what does my Pops say and nice friends? .IWNDWYT 
Sometimes sobriety sucks..But never as much as drinking.
That was beautifully written. I hope you find something or someone to turn to besides alchohol when you get sad...I have a wonderful wife and son but I still crave a stiff drink when I get down in the dumps. The only thing that will change that is not drinking no matter how much my body says it want's me to.
Hang in there. I know that feeling. It will pass. ..Think about the outcome and how you're choosing a better future. ..Much love.P
The past brought you to this beginning. It's tough in the beginning but it really does get easier. Hang in there. .you've got this. 
I've felt that to stop drinking I have to go through constant stress anxiety and boredom. To avoid those feelings I'd use alcohol as a tool in the past. But those feelings are good to face and they are luckily bound to pass...After a stressful day when I feel like it's too much I go to bed early. I wake up well rested. That stress has subsided and I can start the new day energized to work through everything that's causing that stress. With alcohol that is not possible. Waking up lethargic and forcing myself through the day feeling like crap is definitely hindering my ability to get things done...Facing the things and events that are making me anxious are bound to make me feel less of that in the future. Alcohol is only making me feel more of that...There are also those evenings on my free time when I'm bored and feeling like I'm wasting my time and not living to the fullest. The only seemingly good thing I seem to have accomplished was abstaining from alcohol which most of the time doesn't feel much like anything. I keep on clinging on hope that my abstinence will let me discover new things in life to make myself happy in the future. That abstinence hope and want isn't useless it gives me the time money energy and reason to try new things...Some suffering is necessary to make us stronger. The more time we can put between ourselves and alcohol the more time we have to work on our lives. When it feels overpowering I've found it's good to just hang on tight and remind myself that there will be better times than those. It's inevitable...IWNDWYT
Glad you resisted! Willpower is awesome. Alcohol is a destroyer. It does absolutely no good for anyone ever no matter how much they protest that it does. You'll be so proud of yourself when you wake up feeling amazing instead of disgusting. I will not drink with you today.
I am in the exact same boat today. I don't even want to drink because I want alcohol this depression is just too much. I thought maybe it would have leveled a little bit by now... damn. I still will not drink with you today 
I'm 7 days in with ya friend and it aint easy. Someone on here said drinking was like turning your check to engine light off and considering the problem fixed. Now we're actually having to face the problem which isn't easy or fun but it's the first step towards something better. Let's make it to day 8 shall we?
This is beautifully written. I share your surprise at the frequent triviality of the triggers (of craving and of sadness both)
IWNDWYT
