-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adz7ja/day_1/

Today I am trying my best to detox. I'm so sick and depressed. I've stopped attending my college courses because I'm too drunk and far behind feeling. I feel like a complete failure. I've got a 1 year old daughter that is watching me slowly kill myself. My husband has stayed home from work today to try to help me. I've been vomiting with diarrhea every day. I'm literally killing myself. I've struggled with alcohol since I was a kid but was able to get sober to have my baby and go back to school. But like everything else in my life I've messed that up and am back drinking. I am here hoping to find the strength to fight this. I've been strongly considering suicide because there seems like no way out but I'm afraid to do it and can't figure out a painless gaurunteed-successful method. I'm really at rock bottom. it's getting better or giving up.
----------immediate responses--------

Can you try medical detox or a 30 day inpatient or outpatient program. I'm feeling the same way but I don't have insurance so I can't get in anywhere. I totally feel you. Message me anytime if you need someone to talk to while you're going through this. 
It gets SO much better trust me. Do what you have to do (doctor ER detox) to get sober and you will see so many of the giant insurmountable problems start to magically turn into manageable ones...&amp;#x200B;..It's not perfect but it's a whole lot better when alcohol isn't playing dirty tricks on you to make everything seem so fucking dire.
You are here and that's a start! Day one sucks for sure and to be honest you may have a few more rough days. .But knuckling through a few rough days is millions .Times better than tossing it all away forever irretrievably. I'm with You today not drinking!
[removed]
Iwndwyt 
You can do this! Hang tough for that baby you have and for the whole new life that can be yours. I'm on this .Subreddit constantly and it is very helpful. Read often and post often it really does help. You can see by reading all my posts that I've had a rough time but dammit I'm gonna nail this!!! We can do it together!
You can do this I believe in you.  First of all you said you were able to get sober when you ?  Focus on that and understand that it is only one day at a time that's all you gotta do.  You're not alone in this fight!  We've all been where you've been.
I feel for you. For what it's worth I will not drink with you today. This is my day two. We are bigger than this. 
