-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/adzwjf/letting_feelings_pass_allowing_things_to_happen/

Hi everyone!..I had a phone call with my lawyer today. My divorce case is going to a pre-trial hearing this week. It has taken us twenty months to get this far and I doubt that it will be over any time soon. I'm oddly unconcerned. I feel like I should be more stressed by it than I actually am. I never thought that I'd say this but I actually trust the system. The law was set up to protect the interests of both parties and I trust that whatever the judge decides will be roughly in accordance with that. There's not much that I can do about it at this point anyway...I'm extremely grateful that I'm sober. I relapsed three months before separating from my husband so the bulk of my relapse happened post-separation. I'm glad that I got sober again before things progressed to this point. I'm glad that I can face things on an even keel and with the support of my recovery communities. (Fist bump to all y'all youse my peeps.  ) I guarantee that the only reason that this isn't freaking me out and stirring up all kinds of shitty emotions is because I am active in my recovery. ..Two things that I've gotten this time around in sobriety which I didn't quite grasp before is letting go of feelings and allowing things to happen with their own timing. I'm not particularly practiced at either of them yet but I'm aware of them as concepts in a way that I wasn't before...I'm a member of AA and one thing that doesn't always quite jive with me in the program is the way that anger is treated. (As a side note if you think that AA is a brainwashed cult try going to a meeting and asking people what they don't like about it. Scratch the surface and we're all alcoholics. Everyone has an opinion about something.) ..Anger in AA can be treated like something that is somehow  wrong  or a character defect that needs to be changed. Anger is a feeling. Feelings aren't right or wrong they're just feelings. Absolutely zero good from trying to suppress feelings a lot of my drinking was related to that. There are appropriate ways to handle feelings and not every feeling is something that needs to be acted upon but feelings aren't bad they're just there...Anger can serve an important and specific purpose so it is something that should be listened to. Anger can sometimes signify a boundary violation. Healthy boundaries are necessary to be an emotionally healthy person and an anger response to a boundary violation is part of how boundaries are maintained and protected. There are healthy and unhealthy ways to deal with it but anger as a response to a boundary violation is a valid self-protective mechanism which should not be ignored...Where I see the value of AA's message is in its emphasis on the importance of letting go of resentments. Endlessly stewing over shit leads to nothing good. Feelings pass and change. Resentments just repeat themselves over and over and get solidified into unhealthy thinking and behavior patterns. ..This is the gift that being active in my recovery has given me. I'm learning how to set boundaries and let them do the heavy lifting so I can let go of my resentments and move on. Getting divorced would be quite a different experience without that. I'm so grateful that I don't have to lug all that nastiness and baggage around with me. I still have things to work through but I am grateful for my sobriety because it's allowing me to actually for real process things and let go...The other big gift has been finding out that things just happen with their own timing. I can take action to go in the direction that I want to go in and then I can just let go of the outcome and allow things to happen with their own timing in their own way. It makes life a lot easier and a lot stressful...In the past I would've been stressing *hard* about getting the divorce finalized and how that would change things for me and what I'm gonna do next. I was definitely doing that during my relapse and I still have my moments of it. But the longer I'm sober the more I'm able to trust that things are just happening with their own timing. And anyway I can only affect the things that it is within my power to affect. I can't force the rest of the world to bend to my will I just make myself crazy and generally screw things up when I try. ..So I guess that I'm a philosophical Sprout today. I'm sure that I'll forget that I have boundaries to protect me and that I'm generally a lot happier when I accept that I can't fully control the outcome of most things in my life and I'll get freaked out again. But right now I'm content with being where I am. (For the most part.  )..I hope that you all are well..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great post! Learning what to do with feelings has been one of the biggest parts of my recovery so far. I also like your thoughts on AA.
I'm with Sprout philosophy 100%!  That's what I've gotten out of yoga the past 2 years.  Mindfulness taking what serves you and leaving the rest and on and on.  I'm part of meditation group that studies the yoga sutra's every Sunday morning.  Your philosophy is right on par with that.  It's a great approach to life I'm glad you found this 
Thanks for sharing this. It's great advice that I needed to hear.   I'm not in a divorce situation (at least yet) but my relationship with my wife is bumpy these days at best. I need to remember to let things go like you suggest. Hanging on to shit just makes me feel bad. No good comes of it. The other thing I need to realise is I cannot change anybody but me. There are things my wife does (like drink then become completely unreliable and erratic) that I will never be able to change. All I can do is handle how I respond to her poor behaviour to include deciding if I want to continue sharing the rest of my life with her. Since I quit drinking my life and my life's time seem so much more valuable. Simply put I need to live and let live and move on and out of situations that I don't want to be in any longer. And I need to let time help me in making important decisions. Thanks again and I will not drink with you today. 
