-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ae1fqb/hey_friends_loving_you_from_across_borders_and/


----------immediate responses--------

Hey friend. I'm on my millionth Day 2 in the past few months. ..(To keep in line with the rules I'm speaking of "the general you" which is really "me.")..I know it's discouraging. One day at a time and all that jazz but it's Day 3-6 when you trick yourself into making a fancy dinner with your bf who's graduating college (and what's a fancy dinner without cocktails?) Or it's 1 a.m. and you're up late so juuust a bit of wine to help you sleep (then it gets to 3 a.m. anyway.) Then a few days later you blow $60 on drinking out. I'm on what I call the "Carousel of Hell." Hey you're looking at a girl who took six years to lose ten pounds. It takes many tries to get something right sometimes...It seems hopeless but you just....keep going. Be grateful for the little things brought to you by sobriety. And keep trying different things. I just skimmed the first chapter of "This Naked Mind."
What I did was just try one new thing to help myself stay sober every time I relapsed. Like going to AA running everyday getting a sponsor joining a jiu jitsu gym volunteering for AA actually being willing to text people when I'm struggling being open with people about not drinking going to therapy taking craving medication addressing my other mental health issue taking medication for that and also going to rehab (twice) when I was drinking heavily enough that I couldn't stop on my own (I needed the space from it for a little while to get my willpower back I guess...I know that's a long list but don't be overwhelmed by it or feel like you have to follow those exact examples. But basically I think the biggest thing that helped me was just not giving up. And then each time I relapsed I would try to evaluate what happened go back to/continue doing whatever was helping or had helped me at all with getting the time I did get sober(even if it only helped a little) and just adding one new thing that I could try. You can do this. IWNDWYT
Don't quit quitting!! I'm a serial relapser but I know I've been trying for full-sobriety for many years. All those one day victories mean something to me. Determination and self-belief don't come easy but I know I can do it! I think you can too! 
I just keep trying. Meetings have been good for me.
I'll encourage you to be kind to yourself friend. Alcohol kicks us down. No need to help it right? Keep trying keep quitting until you will have quit without trying. You got this! This is a day by day fight for us all. Hope you find the same camaraderie and support that I found at SD. IWNDWYT 
