-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ae4mpd/im_taking_my_life_back/

Just wanna thank everyone for sharing their stories on here it helps a lot..I have been fighting back n forth with alcoholism for the past 4 years.  2 days ago I decided to take my life back cos clearly I haven't been living the way I wanted to..I don't have friends anymore my long time gf dumped me cos she got tired of my bs n lying about my drinking I've ruined rships with my folks although my mom n sister I think are the only ones who can see that I'm struggling.The list of embarrassing n stupid things I've done while drunk is just endless  I never thought I'll b at this point.  But I'm just really tired of living like this..This time it's actions n not just talk. .There's a lot of things to feel greatful for today I just grateful that I get another chance to beat this evil..So I'm here taking my life back from alcohol who will eventually destroy it if I don't do something about it..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Yup gotta put all the bullshit aside for a bit and work on yourself. Once you do that keep doing it. 
Congrats friend. You are NOT alone. Stay strong. I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
PHave a listen to the recent addition unlimited podcast. The presenter tells her own story. Wow was she in a bad place when she started. She has carved out an entire new life. All I can say to you in that time and patience are vital. The drunk you is not you. You can change back to the real you. The past is the past. You'd be amazed at how things can change when we stop drinking. Chemically alcohol is a depressant so bear that in mind your current frame of mind is somewhat affected by alcohol and things are never as bad as they seem. Be kind to yourself and don't worry about everything all at once. Good luck
Hey there day 2 buddy. I'm going to take my life back too 
We can do this! Take it back you deserve it. Alcohol is misery for us. IWNDWYT 
You can do it! IWNDWYT
Rings true.  I recognize the feeling of having had enough.  Day three for me in reality. 
That could be me talking. I'm with ya! IWNDWYT
I'm with you! I shudder and feel sick when I think of the past years and relationships ruined because of my drinking.  Let's not give it the power to take our lives from us!!! IWNDWYT!!
Thank you FRIENDS. good luck to each en everyone of you wonderful n beautiful folks.IWNDWYT 
