-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ae6stg/the_i_want_and_the_drama_of_the_ego_has_anyone/

The "I want" and the drama of the ego that follows seem to be central to my struggle to quit over the past year. Silencing the ego through alcohol and then living in the overwhelming ego created drama that follows. It seems to spin around this hub. I must enjoy the drama somewhere deep within to invite it back continually. Has anyone used Buddhism or the like to successfully quit? Not just meditation to control thought but the life wide concept? I am not spiritual but the Buddhist view of life and struggle suddenly resonates with me as very relevant. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've found the ideas to be helpful specifically the book *You are Here* by Thitch Nhat Hanh. ..Mindful breathing specifically has been a useful technique as I've been working on myself and my drinking
I've been wondering this myself.  I find Buddhist philosophy rather compelling and applicable to what I'm going through too.  Don't have an answer for you though.  Maybe we should just go ahead and give it a try.  IWNDWYT. 
I had (and am trying to regain) a pretty solid meditation practice prior to my drinking spinning out of control.  Having spent a lot of time in AA meetings in the last two years I'm constantly reminded how the two intersect.  Both focus on today.  Both focus on letting go of ego and trying to control things that you shouldn't.  Both suggest meditation.  And the overarching concepts of trying to touch lightly on the world with kindness is present in both.   I don't think you have to be fully bought into either to get sober but both are great paths to walk and they often come together.
Like you I think there's something in the Buddhist way of thinking that can help me with my drinking...I'm early in my journey with this but I've noticed some positive changes in my mindset. Specifically that I'm generally more content with my sober self and not chasing some high that invariably isn't there anyway. I guess it's allowing me to see things the way they are rather than how I imagine them to be.
There are Buddhist recovery websites counselors peer workers...Heck there are even Buddhist ways through the 12 steps...Buddhism and recovery flow very well with each other...Addiction for me felt like an attachment that I couldn't let go of. Spiritually Buddhism helped me become more at peace in this world. 
I quit before I started studying Buddhist philosophy in earnest but I can absolutely say that my studies of Buddhist philosophy have been helpful in terms of supporting a sober lifestyle among other things. ..You might be interested in reading *The Zen of Recovery* if you haven't done so already. ..I also found the lessons about compassion in *A Fearless Heart* (by T Jinpa) to be helpful. It's basically a book that applies Mahayana Buddhist ideas about compassion to everyday life. Practical. ..
There was a post on here recently that I found very interesting about non-attachment and alcohol abuse.  Sorry I'm on mobile or I would find it for you but if you search non-attachment it will probably come up!
