-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ae8i7e/1_year_ago_i_turned_31_had_the_flu_and_tried_to/

I went from the doctor to the liquor store and then to the toilet for a lot of vomiting. I was so sick in all sense of the word. For months I had been waking up daily praying not to drink only to find myself passedout by 8pm. ..Two days later I woke up and found a new strength a new hope and I told myself you must change your life. ..From that day forward I have been on a journey we call recovery. I've had my ups and I've had my downs but I have never given up that hope that my life could be can be different than before. I was a shell of a person and today I am a  filled with happiness gratitude and a new strength that I have found in sobriety. ..I won't be picking up one year but I will be picking up 3 continuous months. This goes out to anyone who has been on the relapse ride who has continued to pick themselves up no matter what...I couldn't be more thankful to this sub and the community for sharing your experiences and often helping me through mine...You all rule. Peace!
----------immediate responses--------

I used to use the flu as a chance to 'dry out'.  Like I actually thought of it that way.  I still did nothing about it.
Hey congratulations on 3 consecutive months! I think today is 6 weeks for me. Onwards and upwards! IWNDWYT.
Congratulations. Let's sober on friend. IWNDWYT  
once upon a time i thought i was physically seriously addicted to alcohol and i also caught the flu during a work week. i just remembered the massive headaches that came with the fever and i happened to stop drinking about when the fever started. i became paranoid that i was actually going to go into seizures and die from withdrawal.  .  .turned out it was just the fever. went home early one day because i just couldn't take it anymore and poured myself 2 shots in a glass. i told myself that if the headache didn't go away - that i'm ok. i'm not dying and i'm not physically addicted. it didn't go away.  .  .while i didn't quit drinking from that i did serve as the basis to give me the courage to eventually quit (last year).  .  .congrats on your success!
