-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aef5wm/doing_too_much_too_soon/

Has anyone here that after a certain time in recovery that you feel like you can do anything? To the uninitiated that sounds great but right now I wonder if I'm biting off more than I can chew..When I was at my absolute bottom 8 years ago I felt that I was just counting the minutes until bed time. If anything came up that might have allowed me to improve myself help others or develop a new interest I always discounted it as being unrealistic as I was too old or that it was outside my skill set or I used some other type of cynical reason to discount it. Not to mention that hangovers and that feeling of walking around in a perpetual dog prevented me from doing so..Now with all this restless energy that I dulled with alcohol coming back to me I feel like I can do a million things at once. I want to start a martial art while doing volunteer work and an online scientific course run by MIT. I go to the gym 4 nights a week and am taking on a vegetarian diet where I go meat free 3 days a week. I have a wife who I also need to be attending to plus a full time job which is pretty hectic right now. On top of that I'm also working on my sobriety.There are other assignments and potential commitments coming up that I won't list here merely for length constraints..I'm loving this burst of energy but I can't help but feel that it may lead to a fall. My question to everyone here is how do you prioritize what is important and when do you know it's time to pump the breaks? If I take on all this extra stuff and it doesn't live up to my personal expectations it might lead to the twin ogres of burnout and disillusionment. This could lead to relapse as our addictions tend to prod at us when we are most vulnerable..
----------immediate responses--------

Priority #1 - don't pick up that drink. ..The rest may have a way of falling into line.  Sure there will be sadness and disappointment along the way but there will also be joy and fulfillment.  It is real life after all we have to accept that and always focus on our number one goal of staying sober in all circumstances by utilizing the methods that work for oneself be it a recovery group like AA or others.  I feel like as long as I am sober I can get through whatever life throws at me... will I be happy about all of it? No. But if I maintain my sobriety I will have the best chance of being happy with myself. ..IWNDWYT 
I think this is a valid discussion topic. At some point I gave myself permission to say no and decide if something is too much. It's kind of a risk/reward system. Does the risk outweigh the reward? If I choose risk and blow it what are the consequences?..I've dropped a few balls and flat out failed at more than a few things since getting sober. Through sobriety I'm learning to let go of  perfect  to focus of finding  good  and that is making everything so much better. I feel more empowered to ebb and flow and be the solid me without having to compensate because I drink too much too often and I suck at life because of it. ..And if I may ask what is the MIT course topic? I'm a sucker for education. 
If you're asking about pumping the brakes it might be a good idea to pump the brakes just in case. ..I've fallen foul before of overloading myself in early sobriety. It did not end well. In order for me to get and stay sober I need to devote time and energy to self-care. Self-care for me used to just be drinking so it takes probably more time and energy now to take care of myself now than it will once it becomes old habit. Things take a lot of energy at first before it becomes easy and automatic. If I don't build slack into my schedule to account for the time that I need for self-care I inevitably end up stressed tired lonely and/or hungry at some point and that makes reverting to my old solution for those things seem like a good idea...I'm in AA and the AA program talks about the unmanageability of life in active addiction. That unmanageability doesn't just go away and it's not entirely caused by my drinking either. I made decisions that made my life unmanageable that had nothing to do with drinking (at least not directly.) My entire way of thinking about life and going about in the world was sorta screwed up when I was an active alcoholic and I'm still an alcoholic so even without the hangovers and the binges my screwy perception and decision processes are still there.  My best thinking got me where I am  is one saying that resonates with me...My sponsor has talked to me a lot about stepping back from that old thinking and slowing down in my decision making and adding new stresses to my life. I was all set to go back to school and gear up for a career change but I'm pushing that down the road a little so I can focus on dealing with where I'm at right now. ..I am slowly adding things in - I've recently taken on a new volunteer position but it's extremely flexible and not a huge number of hours. I'm not pushing myself too hard right now though. I'm taking care of myself and I want my sobriety to last.
