-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aelvjp/i_have_some_questions_about_aa/

Hi everyone. So I keep stumbling on about day 4. And although I've been able to cut back I've noticed y'all are right: mornings suck so bad after a night of drinking. ..So I looked at the AA website and there's a meeting on my base - I think I want to go because the other folks there would understand some of the stressors of army life. Some of those stressors are coming along again right on schedule. We're looking down the barrel of a long deployment and I can't keep drinking like this. I got a family and house to take care of on my own soon enough. ..The AA mtg is at the chapel. Not surprised -  but I have very little patience for evangelizing which as far as I'm concerned is basically someone saying  my interpretation of the Bible/Quran/bookofmormon/whatever is right and yours isn't sorry you're going hell... bless-yer-heart ..How much evangelizing actually happens in the meetings?  I realize everyone is there to help each other with the common struggle with alcohol but I'm also bisexual and don't want to get flak about that or other choices of mine that don't relate to my struggle with alcohol. ..There are other left leaning non straight people in the military community but it's not the majority (around here anyway).  I'm not the cookie cutter idea of a mil spouse and I just don't know how that would go over. ..I'd appreciate your perspective. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've only been to a few AA meetings but from what I remember the God stuff is pretty confined to the idea of a higher power.  There was no mention of Jesus (or even God directly) or any evangelizing.  I never felt judged there people were friendly.  You are encouraged to share but it is not mandatory.  My cousin went to AA for years and never spoke at meetings.  ..Whatever you decide to do I am rooting for you!  IWNDWYT
The reason most AA meetings happen in churches is because the rent is cheap. I spend more time in church basements than anywhere else. There is no "church preaching"- everyone is there to talk about drinking &amp; not drinking. As far as being bi-sexual it's none of anyone's business and in AA no one really cares about your sexuality.  What folks in AA care about is helping another alcoholic get sober and stay sober.  So go and listen.  As a new comer no one expects you to share unless you really have a burning desire to.  Welcome.
They will talk about a  God of your understanding . My sponsor says whether that's Jesus Buddha or even a piece of paper- it's irrelevant. It's about admitting that we are powerless over alcohol and I personally am completely powerless. We hand that over to our higher power. It gives me community a sense of accountability and a feeling of belonging to go to AA. I make every effort to do every thing my sponsor says. It has and is saving my life. Even the most recent relapse 9 days ago was very short for me bc my sponsor blew up my phone truly concerned. I don't find the religious undertones to be too much. You'll see when you read the big book there is a chapter about agnostics and it's powerful. IWNDWYT 
&gt; The AA mtg is at the chapel. Not surprised ..A lot (if not most) meetings are in churches.  Mostly because they have space are cheap and are open to us.  Don't  read too much into it...&gt; How much evangelizing actually happens in the meetings?  ..If the meeting follows the book none.  AA is open to anyone irregardless of religious affiliation of lack thereof.  Prayers are traditionally said but you don't have to participate.  God will be mentioned but mostly because saying "my higher power as I understand it" takes too long...&gt; but I'm also bisexual and don't want to get flak about that  ..No reason you should.  My home group includes a number of out folks and a MTF trans person.  I live in a pretty conservative town.  If anybody cares I'm unaware of it...&amp;#x200B;..That said look at the first part of Step 12:   Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps".  The point of the whole enchilada is that you are SUPPOSED to change spiritually within the program.  For a LOT of people that's gonna be a religious experience.  It doesn't have to be for you to get benefit but you have to be willing to listen to the strength hope and experience of those who did.  That doesn't mean proselytizing but people are going to discuss religious experiences sometimes.  OTOH I don't have the first clue what my sponsor's higher power is and he's never asked mine- because it really doesn't matter what it is just that you have one.  There are a number of self-identified athiests and agnostics I know in the program.  They seem to get along just fine...&amp;#x200B;..Give it a shot.  What do you have to lose?..&amp;#x200B;
Thanks everyone for your responses. I'll check out the meeting.  
These pamphlets might help.https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-86_theGodWord.pdf..https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/aa-literature/p-84-many-paths-to-spirituality.
i've only recently started going to AA and there's actually a gay/lesbian-specific group in my city so i'm pretty comfortable. people talk about god and their personal higher powers and all that but only as it applies to them. of course the steps are all about embracing your higher power or whatever and i haven't gotten comfortable with that but otherwise it's a very relaxed and welcoming kind of space. 
