-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af0n16/loss_of_identity/

Hey y'all. Obviously I'm fairly new here. Things have been going pretty well. I feel physically well. I've actually been sleeping pretty great (I took melatonin for the first week but have now been three nights without!). I do get the odd urge but it's honestly been pretty easy to manage.  .  .Outside of a little over a year when I was pregnant/had a newborn... this is the first time in 12 years I've gone over a week without getting drunk (and even the week was only a one time thing... literally. Outside of that 3 days was the max).  .But I think the biggest thing I'm struggling with is just feeling like... I don't really know who I am. I've been an alcoholic my entire adult life. I'm 33 years old. All of my "real" hobbies faded away into activities that involved drinking. When I first started drinking I would frequent lounges/pubs but honestly for the last 9 years I've mostly just been a "sit at home and get wasted" kind of drunk.  .I don't really know what to do with myself... what to think. I am feeling excited and motivated like I don't just want to sit at home staring at the TV... but I also have a toddler and my partner is currently working out of town... and I'm also broke as fuck haha. So I guess this is it. I'm just the girl sitting at home staring at the TV every night. Sigh.  .  .I'm sure I'll figure some stuff out in the coming months and maybe this is just part of the depression that a lot of people get. But it feels very... BLAH.  .Anyway that's my vent for the day. Thanks for reading if you're still here :)
----------immediate responses--------

Sitting in front of the couch is a good time to practice guitar or lift some weights. I feel ya with the losing your identity thoughts tough to wrap your head around. It is cool to have the opportunity to re-invent yourself though.
Hey being the girl who sits at home in front of the tv is better than being the girl who sits at home and gets wasted! ..For me basic crafts like embroidery or knitting are pretty mindless and keep my hands busy so I can feel like I'm being productive even when I'm having a total blob day on the couch.
Can you pick any of those old hobbies back up? I just randomly got into calligraphy and find it very relaxing. 
ive starting reading again. a lot. and playing guitar. crazy how much time drinking took.
I am in the same bucket except on day 1. I was a drink to relax after work person who also binged at least twice a week. I guess after my husband started working late i became the drink alone in the afternoon kinda still just getting significantly drunk like 2 or 3 x a week. I am an introverted highly sensitive person so especially now I am being protective of my abused nervous system... i am walking the dog doing gentle healing Qi Gong exercise at home and learning to play bridge w a computer game. It does get lonely. I also have a bad case of burnout  so i am not working in my profession at the moment. I am not sure I can go back to it either which is really scary cause it is all i know how to do to make enough $ to live. But I am trusting the universe and my own heart and exploring other options like maybe freelancing work from home....it is definitely a reinvention for me as well. .Thanks for your post. It has felt good to know others are also experiencing similar circumstances. Right now i am focused on not drinking today. I am actually excited cause even if i don't sleep a ton i get to wake up tomorrow w no hangover and no shame :-) 
Smart Recovery calls them VACI's Vital Absorbing Creative Interest.  Check out their website.  Under the resources tab there is a lot of great information.  IwNdWYUT
