-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af4ugn/sometimes_i_feel_hurt_by_this_sub/

Don't get me wrong I absolutely love the people and all their inspiring stories and insight; but every once in awhile... idk It feels like I'm weak. It feels like everyone here has it so figured out and like it's always just a constant jerk-off session for everyone who stayed sober today. I know how crazy and bitter that sounds but right now I feel like even the people who are in the same situation as me are judging me. I know that isn't true and we are all on the same journey; I just feel so ashamed everytime I have a 1 or 2 day streak and then relapse again. I love you guys and this community but I also don't know if it's helpful to me to see people talking about how sobor they are all the time. It might be better if I focus on my own sobriety and stop comparing myself to others on here. It's does me no favors when I'm trying to think of not drinking and all I see is people talking about alcohol. Does anyone have any thoughts or feelings on negative effects of this sub??
----------immediate responses--------

When I see people's numbers especially when it's over 365 It feels daunting and I feel slightly overwhelmed but I remind myself this isn't a contest...Just remember trying is better then not trying at all..
[removed]
Something that helped me was to look for the similarities in what's being shared. For a good long while I couldn't even get a 1-2 day streak I'd wake up in the morning w the intention that  today's the day  and by 9pm passed out. Then I was able to get a couple of months at a time before relapsing. Today I'm at 3 months again it's taken me over a year to get here..It's a long journey and just know that a lot of people have been where you are and we're here to help especially when it sucks. With time and work I promise you will get over these feelings only to move on to the next haha it gets better. Proud of you.  
I started to get that same feeling going to AA. The old timers are almost the worst to talk to because they make it look easy. I started to get cynical about the same people talking at the meetings every day and hearing how they hadn't had a drink in 20 years or more. It's a struggle every day I'm not good at it and I think about drinking every day I'm less than a year still and I'm fighting with myself to put aside the thought of stopping at my favorite airport bar during my layover on a trip Tuesday. And don't let anyone fool you that the pink cloud lasts forever. To be honest the euphoria of thinking life should be perfect because you don't drink is a trap because reality sets in and you start to think why bother. I don't know the answer how to stay away from it forever but I have had luck by telling myself every day that just for today I won't drink. Tomorrow is a new day. I should go back to aa because I know there are people there who struggle like me and people with a lot less time than me but I haven't yet. 
[removed]
Well yeah you could call it just a jerk off page sometimes and that's fine with me its nice to have a place where u can celebrate my sobriety I have been abusing drink for 10 years so this is new territory and its also a place i can connect with others. Its good to be critical though how would anything improve without criticism? Are you willing to turn that criticism on yourself? That's what opened my eyes learning that alcohol is a powerful and mind-changing drug and it was up to me to DO something. It just sounds like you want to get off the ride you are on and you need to focus harder on how you plan to stay sober. 
Numbers aren't something that make me feel bad....but the stories of how awesome people are feeling how much weight they have lost etc just don't resonate with my experience. I know these posts are meant to be inspiring but to me the seem like false hope...&amp;#x200B;..So without seeming too much like a downer I guess Just remember that everyone's journey is different and be happy about every little success you can find.
I can only speak about my own feelings on the matter.  First off I am sorry that you get any negative feelings from anyone on this sub. If anything I feel they have gone through the same or very similar things that you may be going through. Many of them have relapsed many times and started at day one themselves over and over.   Sobriety is not easy it is day by day but if one wants to stop they need to truly commit to a life without alcohol and embrace fully the path in front of them.  No one is perfect nor should be expected to be so.  Congratulations on your attempts and any progress you have made so far. ..Now I don't have a lot of time under my belt my longest was 9 months and that was with me still thinking of when I was going to start drinking again in the future and when I did everything went back to crap. Not immediately but over the course of a few years I was worse off than before.  This time I am trying it not my way but have fully given my sobriety to my higher power.  Obviously my choices haven't worked in my life and the trail of wreckage is proof enough.  I know I cannot pick up that drink.  Please know that I am not speaking about your case but mine. ..You and everyone are welcome here and  others should want to help anyone they can on their path to sobriety.  ..Again sorry for any perceptions otherwise and I do hear what you are saying. ..Relapse is part of recovery and hope that you know that the embarrassment is normal but from my perspective should never be meant to make you feel like a failure in ANY sense.  This disease and quitting alcohol can be one of the hardest things you ever do and also know that people with even decades of sobriety still fight the condition and are one drink away from a catastrophe like the rest of us. ..I hope you stay around if it is helpful and that you are able to obtain your goals. .
I don't know if anyone here has it "figured out". I know I don't. But I bet your post of "not having it figured out" has helped some people feel less alone with their own struggles. That's the value of this sub for me.
I've gotten the impression that everyone in here who are "successful" even the ones pushing 20 years or more sober are taking it one day at a time. Which is what I would also do when just 2 days sober. There is no magic pill or a checkpoint after which we have beaten it. They are on as thin ice as we are. The success stories here are to root for each other because it's a dangerous world we alcoholics live in...I've relapsed countless times and still end up back here because I can share and feel understood. Also the most upvoted threads tend to be the success stories so if you want variety look for less popular threads. Plenty of struggles in this sub. Still the best subreddit!
I changed my posts to show  new posts  because I think it shows less of those type of posts. Sometimes those are cool and more power to em. But! it's nice to know with the new post that someone wants to interact right now and might also be struggling. ..Also if there's something on your mind you could search for it. ..Not saying you are wrong there can be posts like that. But I think I see lots of people struggling and working hard so maybe we aren't seeing the same posts?!?
Having been a binge drinker for 20 yrs... my entire adult life until 6 months ago... I celebrate the good and the bad. I had a sad depression streak about a month ago and the only think that kept me straight is knowing that a bottle of wine or vodka was not going to help me.... I had to help me I am the change I am seeking. It's not going to happen unless I put in the work. So I take all the good and all the bad and I sit with it. When I feel bad I come here and read about people's experiences and relate when I feel good I come here and share my experiences to give people hope. Progress is progress and your experience is unique to you.... I would love to have 20 yrs sober right now but I don't... I have 189 and 188 days ago I only had one and did not have the courage yet to admit out loud that I had a problem. It took baby steps to get here and now that I am here with this number I am not giving that up for no one..... not even my illogical side that tells me every once and a while that a drink would be nice because it won't.... if I take a drink I guarantee it will turn out to be a shit show. For me a shift in perspective helped immensely.
Realistically we are all on day one. We all wake up and face the day ahead without drinking. People can relapse at any stage!!  I relapsed so many times but it was the foundations I was building for myself and my sober life. You can do this and one day you will be able to help somebody else on here answer this very same question. This is a great question and as you can see all of us have been there. Nobody really gets it except us!!! Stay strong 
I think the majority of people are struggling...I think not everyone has 180 success story...The phantom of alcohol hovers less with each day sober but it's still there. Obviously otherwise I wouldn't be commenting here right now. I'd be doing something else not thinking about alcohol. ..And I think the fact that people are posting success stories here shows you that even though things are great for them now they still have that phantom lurking about them too whispering "Oh wow good for you don't fuck it up." Maybe that's a depressing way to look at it. ..Here's what I'm saying:..Every one of those success stories you see is just you in the future. You're on a different part of your time line right now is all. They all went through the one day two days sober over and over and over again for years some for decades. They just finally reached the end of the maze and they're calling back to everyone still stuck behind the tall shrubbery "Hey guys there really is an exit!! I'm here! Don't give up!"
I think we all probably feel the need to talk about our problems with alcohol while we fight to get sober because we need to constantly remind ourselves how bad it was so that our addicted brains don't trick us into going back there...I used to hate other alcoholics at AA because they've spent years going over the same old shit. But i realised that we can't just skip off happily once we stop drinking/using. We need to remember what we were because we all have that little voice that tells us that we could maybe just have that one drink. Okay maybe three...and we need to celebrate what sober us have become for the same reason...I get what you mean though because I've felt it. Still do some days. IWNDWYT!
The super stoked  I'm doing great!  Posts don't do anything for me either.  It's posts like yours that help the most. I go for the dark shit; it's stuff like this that remind me how hard the struggle is and how I'm not fighting alone...Thanks!
I always sort by new--heavily upvoted posts that appear on the first page are often understandably celebratory or victorious but that's not a cross section of the group and in no way provides an accurate sampling of what people are working through. ..The reflex of alienation is an extremely common confirmation bias--people who drink a ton often perceive that everyone else here is a lightweight while people who don't drink such volume feel like everyone is out of their league. ..What helped me was to seek the people struggling and reach out to them as I wish I could reach out to myself. It begins to heal the sense of alienation from the inside out.
I love posts like this! It's a fking grind man every day until we are in the grave! Check out anything on you tube involving David Goggins!!!
Shit I wish I had it all figured out. I'm a damn mess
I'm not one to hype the days I have been sober. Early on when I did I had some people reply to my comments with "What do you know? You only have 3 days sober." as if someone can only acquire wisdom and insights after x number of days of sobriety. I don't judge you and I don't brag. Sift through replies and see what resonates with you. Don't let replies that seem off have much impact. That's how I handle it. I hope you keep stopping by. I tend to set the post finder to "new" and try to encourage the new folks.
