-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af596w/day_12_and_shaking_from_cravings/

I'm at the cafe now. It's my favorite kind of day; gray and quiet a bit of drizzle very peaceful and gloomy which I love. I'm on my second cup of coffee and I've been studying language for two hours. I used to know Japanese when I lived there for a while got rusty so I've been studying again as I prepare to move back there later this year when I finish my contract here in Korea..I'm happy to have had a sober night so today I could wake up and not feel bad and ride my bike over to the cafe and be a part of the world. I appreciate having a head clear enough that I can study Japanese and remember it and also practice it in my journal. I am grateful to be in good enough condition to be on this chair by the window at a nice jazzy cafe and be both alone and part of the world...I am also struggling like mad with alcoholism. I went ten days with relatively no issue. Two months ago I achieved 7 days and since then I average 2-3 sober days a week..Starting last night though the cravings and disappointment with sober living have begun to creep in again. I want an excuse to drink very badly.  Last night was brutally hard and the only way I got through was by numbing myself with video games until 4am. Drinking is bad but video games don't make me feel better either; I in fact feel stupid when I play them but I couldn't think of any other way to beat it...But now today  I woke up with it still there. So I went to the cafe wanted to pull back and studying has been good  but now my brain is all tired out and I just want to go buy a few beers sit in the woods and relax that way... I know I can't because there's no such thing as one or a few but I do want it so damn much...I'm shaking now. I'm afraid to leave this cafe because i think I'll go right to the convenience store. This is two days in a row like this  I just don't want to feel like this right now but I also don't have the drive to fight it with my usual ways of eating a lot of food and numbing myself with video games. I don't want to do that right now... so I'm posting and hoping.....Anyway I hope everyone thee best!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 12 days of sobriety    . The first 2 or 3 weeks are so hard...I came on this sub nearly all day every day for the first good while and I got great support here. I walked and did Pilates. I read sober books like This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained...I listened to sober podcasts - try Marc Maron WTF with Josh Brolin. Hilarious and so true...Is there an AA or SMART meeting near you? I don't do meetings but lots of people on here do and find them to be life savers. Therapy is another option for talking through and figuring out what is going on for you underneath the drinking...Do you go to the gym bake paint? Literally anything even gaming that will distract you. What about going to the Doctor as there are meds available to reduce cravings? We are here with you my friend and I will not drink with you today.
I have to be EXTREMELY careful with my caffeine intake since I've quit drinking.  Restaurant coffee in particular makes me shaky.  ..And video games - they don't numb me but they are a harmless distraction and have gotten me past some of the worst cravings...Hang in there.  We can do this no drinking thing.  
Good job on reaching out for help.  I had a very similar experience quitting (after 35+ years of drinking).  I found quitting was OK for the first few weeks but then the cravings really switched in and I had a lot of white-knuckle moments. The cravings were extremely intense but they passed quickly as long as I distracted myself with something else.  The video games are a great idea - especially if you get completely immersed in them - not stupid at all.  I spent a lot of time walking and listening to audiobooks - it got me out of the house (which was my drinking zone) and the exercise helped boost my mood and sleep.   I also sent a lot of time read and posting here.  You just need to fill up your time with something anything and avoid triggering events and people.  Importantly every time I resisted a craving it got a little easier the next time.  The cravings became less and less frequent and after a couple of months were rare.  Now I cant imagine going back to drinking me.  ..Your 12 days of sobriety is a huge achievement.  Hang in there and stay strong.  IWNDWYT
