-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af8ni7/recent_relapse_destroyed_self_esteem/

Had over a year clean then started relapsing off and on ever the past few months. This most recent one lead me to an all time low doing things like setting an alarm for 7:30am so I could be at the store come opening time at 8am to buy a fifth. Calling off work from a job a love telling friends I had written a suicide note and wouldn't be around any longer. Telling my family I was having these thoughts too but they only ever come around when I'm drinking. I think it may have just been a cry for help or a way to seek attention. Now I'm on day 2 of not drinking and feel very anxious and low on self esteem and feel like my head is just all over the place making it hard to focus on normal tasks. I've gone through this before but I'm committed on never going through it again and have a very strong support network. Just wondering if anyone has any words of support or wisdom I feel it could really help get me through this rough time thanks for reading felt good to get this all out.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you today. We're taking it one day at a time and that's alright. ...Breathe in. ...I will not drink with you tonight. 
Takes a few days to get past the crud in my head after a binge. ..Hang in there. It does get better.
I can tell you that after five days you will feel so much better about yourself physically and mentally.  For me my drinking is to cope with clinical depression.  I have scheduled an appointment with a therapist.  Hang in there.  Sobriety is so much better than boozing.  IWNDWYT.
Your comment history makes for a very interesting read
I also read your comment history and you seem to be super bitter and pissed; probably a symptom of feeling like crap all the time from booze...Look into naltrexone and The Sinclair Method it will likely be very helpful to you. It was the only thing that worked for me. 
I'm clearly not a mental health professional but I believe a good therapist may help. .Clearly alcohol makes any underlying issues much worse. .Hope tight and reach for higher ground. 
I am right here with you. Day 1 AGAIN. Feel like I'm losing my mind. I hate alcohol! Let's just stick together. Scary but possible 
Love thyself.
Hope you all are doing great! I'm on my second day sober ! Let's hope this lasts so that my health can!
