-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af9co2/feel_like_ive_relapsed_but_i_havent/

Sounds pretty insane huh? i think it is at least. I honestly don't know how to describe what I'm going through but I'm going to try. This whole recovery has been great and on the outside and inside I've made a lot of progress. Something changed. The first year or so I was really vigilant going to NA 3x a week but at the same time I was not really working a program (i was afraid &amp; masked it with "knowing it all"). Things got tough i hit a wall. I reached out and I got a sponsor. That was a few months ago. Honestly I dont know what has gone down hill with my thinking though. I play a lot of video games think about sex a little too much and spend too much money but I have not used ANYTHING since my clean date. But why is it the last few months that I've had these thoughts in my head picturing myself using followed by a few using dreams &amp; then this feeling that I've already relapsed when I havent?! To top it off I've always had this crazy anxiety about accidentally consuming alcohol. I was at a shitty mongolian buffet last night &amp; this insane thought popped in my head after I ordered a sprite from a fellow recovering addict. " what if he's out to get you and he puts booze in the sprite! what if he put them in &amp; you didnt taste them! you relapsed! " .  I know I know its insanity in its finest form..&amp;#x200B;..To add onto one more thing thats been bothering me is a situation that happened about 6 months into my recovery. I was pretty much done with treatment and attending meetings school fulltime feeling great no desire to use &amp; i went out to eat with a friend. Ordered a steak why not no desire to use again and ate the steak enjoyed it &amp; then a thought came. "what if there was cooking wine in that glaze on the steak". Looked on the menu just said "demi glaze"  no indication of wine on it i should've left it at that but I'm an addict I had to do further research. Asked the chef &amp; he told me that he used red wine in the sauce and never have I been so upset in my recovery up until that point. There was a constant war in my head "you relapsed! you screwed up!" and then the rational "it was an honest mistake just dont do it again make sure to be more careful as this was triggering." Fast forward to now In the last few weeks I've been going back and forth about my clean date even though I HAD NEVER DOUBTED that I've been clean since 6/15/17. There is literally no question about it. But I feel like that voice in my head is up to something trying to sabotage me i dont know what! but its really getting difficult to deal with all this conflict I just want that peace that people in NA talk about &amp; i honestly don't know what else to do. I've amped up my service work &amp; I work with a sponsor and do the steps and I hang out with sober people never using people with the exception of two people i've known for a decade (far before i started using). And even then im extra cautious. I know this just seems like one big rant I just have to get it out there &amp; im wondering if anyone has some advice because my ears are wide open and im ready to listen. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks SD
----------immediate responses--------

 There's a part of the brain that can just stream nonstop self-commentary.  But just because that part is doing all the talking it doesn't mean that talk is saying anything profound or meaningful. In fact that part of the brain the language center of the brain is  the part of the brain most prone to rote conditioning.  You know being taught to speak and spell and recite and follow instructions and write meaningless term papers.  So what's another process that involves training repetition reward conditioning? You guessed it drinking.  ..The thing that has worked best for me is to flat out shut down this kind of self debate. There's other parts of the brain that perform great feats of thinking without using any words just pictures or sounds or touches. In fact that thing that most people describe as thinking probable turns out to be that nonstop chatter that the  language center of the brain produces like a reflex.  It's not profound it's not insightful if the thing that was on your mind was stirring paint that language center would find some way to chatter on about that.  So what I do is try and take five minutes here and there to throw images up onto my internal movie screen.  Places I've been things that have caught my eye during the day things I saw outside the last time I was outside. 
I think a lot of those thoughts you're describing are pretty normal I know I've had most of them. I know that I focus on and worry about sobriety a lot more when I'm going to meetings participating here reading about sobriety etc. That's all well and good but sometimes it gets to be too much and I can kinda psyche myself out thinking staying sober is this big huge obstacle project in my life. For this reason I don't normally focus much on sobriety I do on my other life goals and projects but sobriety specifically is something I only visit occasionally in my mind particularly if I'm having a rough go of it and I think that's when I need to be re-visiting it because that's when I'm at the greatest risk of relapse and I need to heighten my vigilance. But for most days sobriety isn't something that requires focus it's just a habit I'm in. All things in balance they say. I can see the entire room at AA glaring at me for suggesting sobriety shouldn't be an all-consuming project or that one might benefit from a "break" from intense focus on sobriety but hey it works for me. If I'm on here 24/7 or going to three meetings a week it quickly turns counter-productive for me.
This sounds a bit like a OCD thing thers a sub about it.
