-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/af9j2j/tinder_for_a_sponsor/

I read somewhere a girl wished there was a tinder like app for finding a sponsor and I relate SO much. I throw it out in most meetings lately that I'm looking for a sponsor and I have so many lady's numbers. I know it's terrible but I don't want to commit to someone and not vibe with them or find out they're crazy! Then tell them I don't want them as a sponsor?? How awkward. I feel like if I could just swipe thru some pics read their likes and dislikes and what sobriety is for them then chat a bit I could just find a match. Any tips for picking out a sponsor? I'm 27f and most of the women are pretty old. There are not a lot of young kids in my city and they're definitely not at AA. by choice. I just worry about a much older lady being able to actually relate with me on my day to day struggles. Dating. Parties. Being insecure. Etc. 
----------immediate responses--------

I found an app called  nomo  that has accountability partners you can search for although the search function is kinda strange. And they may not be in your area but it's helped me out.
I don't have any tips sorry but my sponsor is actually an older woman. She had a wild time when she was younger (complete with also doing drugs that she also got over) so I'm comfortable that she's going to be able to talk me through any of my struggles. So you might be surprised!
When I was 24 I broke up with a boyfriend and rented a room for a few months from a lady that was 64 whom I met at a job.  She became a great friend.  We got on like peaches and cream.  I would say it's not so much the age but whether you click or not.  Good luck.  IWNDWYT
You can always change sponsors. As for old ladies (like me) we have a lot of experience. We have dated been to parties had insecurity etc. We were once young too and lived through it.  
My sponsor is quite a bit older than me and while it did take a little bit I now feel perfectly comfortable talking to her about dating sex etc. There is so much wisdom to be learned from someone who has lived experience!  As for getting  the wrong fit ; just ask someone to be your temporary sponsor for the time being. That way you both can determine if the relationship is beneficial. Nobody who is an adequate sponsor will feel slighted if you choose to go with someone else!
The NoMo app has an  accountability partner  feature which will pair you with someone based on a survey you take. There's messaging built in (it sucks huge ass) but you can find a better platform to message on after getting a sponsor 
I'm 25 years old my sponsor is 65 years old. I wouldn't have thought it would work but it turns out it's a great match. She followed me out of after my first meeting with a list of phone numbers. Her number happened to be at the top because she was chairing the meeting that day. ..Six weeks later when I hit rock bottom and decided I needed help I called her number because it was the first one. She met me at that same meeting and then during my lunch break later in the week. ..Slowly I've opened up to her. We work the steps but we also talk about life. She's met my husband and my parents. She's come to my choir concert which I couldn't have done if I wasn't sober. I've invited her to my thesis defense in May as well as my graduation from graduate school. ..She's full of wisdom. She says I help her just as much as she helps me. We have a special bond and she's one of the only people I can be completely truthful with. I can ask her anything. We can discuss anything. ..All this rambling to say that sometimes the most unlikely pairing really works. It's probably a higher power thing. ..Good luck! 
