-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afi4zt/planning/

Making a little post just as a kind of update to myself. ..I quit drinking for the fifth time on December 1st 2018. I am a binge drinker not an every day drinker (though I could probably end up an every day drinker in the right circumstances). ..I had one glass of wine at a meal on December 15th 2018 so my badge reflects the days since I last drank not since I was last drunk. So it's about 6 weeks since I last got drunk which is my usual timeframe before I relapse. ..Things that are different this time:..\- after that glass of wine I checked in here immediately...\- I got through Christmas and NYE without drinking. That was really hard...I have realised that my drinking almost always stems from me worrying that someone else is going to think I am boring or be upset with me because I am not drinking and they either want to or they think that I want to. My need for approval from others is something that I need to work on. ..I have been fairly isolated in the past couple of weeks as a way to deal with it. It is a friend's birthday in the second week of February and it has historically been this weekend that I usually relapse. But we drifted apart and I won't be seeing him so I don't need to worry so much about that. ..Other things that I think will come up in the next few months that I need to keep my eye on:..\- I have two friends who live far away that I want to go and visit. One I haven't seen in around three or four years. I expect that these occasions are going to centre around drinking and I will need to find a way to make it happen without drinking. ..\- I started working from a different office at the beginning of this year. I used to drink heavily when I last worked here and alcohol is everywhere. Just need to watch myself...So yeah. I haven't really thought much about alcohol since January 1st but I am just trying to plan ahead for when it becomes a problem again. Happy Sunday folks. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Let your friends know well in advance. Good friends make alternate arrangements. Do something insane together instead go skydiving or white water rafting or horseback riding... ..Use adventure to create memories and conversation :)
Hiya. Thanks for sharing and congratulations on 28 days. IWNDWYT  
That's a shit ton of insight. You've clearly been putting in a lot of hard work to better yourself. Good job and thanks for posting. It's motivated me a bit :) 
