-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afindg/what_now/

After 17 days ive relapsed. Not casually either an all night binge..I dunno why i did it it wasnt even an occasion or an event it was almost though i knew in the back of my mind the second i left the house i knew it would happen..Can anybody shed some light on what the best thing to do now is ? Because I feel so angry and disapointed in myself right now.
----------immediate responses--------

To me challenging the belief that drinking was helpful in any way whenever it came up was crucial to staying sober. In the past I would have convinced myself that binging was acceptable. So I always lost the battle before it began. 
Welcome back friend! Know that you are not alone. I think you have done the first best thing...coming back and admitting takes courage &amp; strength. For me the 2nd best thing was forgiving myself. This Naked Mind by Annie Grace and Alcohol Explained by William Porter were very helpful for me to understanding and changing my relationship w/alcohol. Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace 
I really like the thinking behind Adi Jaffe's book 'The Abstinence Myth'...I came across an interview with him on YouTube a while back where he outlined a study of a recovery programme that showed the majority of participants were found to still be using. Yet they had hidden their use for fear of being kicked out and being labeled a 'failure'...What he found notable was that many of those people still successfully completed their programmes and got their lives back on track...This kind of thinking - seeing the bigger picture - is extremely powerful I think. I personally feel that it was my 'all or nothing' approach either success or failure up or down in or out on or off... that was a big part of why my life wasn't working out how I wanted...Now I see my life as a work in progress and that progress comes in steps. Each step has value even if it's not what I was expecting...If I'd spent 17 of the last 18 days sober and one using alcohol I would see that as 18 steps - each one important each one a learning experience...Next I would be asking this:..'Based on what I now know what will my 19th step be?'
Ok I have learned not to beat myself up. But pick myself up and go again. What happened has happened. You can't change the past but you can the present/future. I know it is easier said than done and I know what you are feeling. You had 17 days buddy that is awesome. Get back up face it head on and learn from it. As I say I know it is easy to say it on here but trust me I have slipped and slipped and each time I get back up. I am at the point now where I just can't be fucked to get back up anymore. I am going for it this year. For me it is so much worse to get sober than staying sober. Keep going my friend.
I think I've relapsed mainly from the pure exhaustion of fighting the urge to drink .  Being a lifelong daily drinker it's hard work to stop drinking.  And I always figured "this time I'll control myself."  But what happened instead was I'd try to make up for lost time by drinking more than I normally did for which of course we pay the price...The important thing for me was to first never give up.  Then (after a series of failed attempts to moderate my drinking) I finally had to ACCEPT the simple fact that I had to let my old pal alcohol go.  We had a good run but in the end he became obsessive possessive and was trying to kill me...Take care of yourself today and IWNDWY...&amp;#x200B;
Just restart I guess see the 17 days as an achievement rather than a failure. Dont beat yourself up drink water or tea  read a book forgive yourself and go on better. IWNDWYT 
Honestly best thing to do is just to not beat yourself up and just sit down and objectively ask yourself "was it worth it?". ..How do you feel physically? Was it worth the money or would a movie or nice dinner been better? Did you do anything stupid during that time you regret? Were there other things you wanted to get done that you didn't? Etc...No point beating yourself up over up. It has happened to almost everyone. Now that you've experienced a couple weeks sober though just compare the two and decide which you prefer to be.
Go on. Dust yourself off and go on. You gained a lot of wisdom and self reflection. Don't beat yourself up. We are all human. This can happen to anyone. We are here for you. IWNDWYT!
