-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afla28/after_30_days_i_decided_to_have_just_a_couple/

Rang the new year in hugging the toilet blacking out and crying to my friends the entire night. They haven't talked to me since. I've been on a binger this entire weekend after relapsing a second time. An 18 pack of beer two fifths of Rum &amp; two blackouts in two nights in a row later I'm done. Moderation works for me until it doesn't. I threw up in my son's room then crawled to the sink and threw up there as well. I cried in the shower for several hours and scared my husband multiple times cause he didn't know if I had stopped breathing or not. If you're debating just  having a couple drinks  right now let this be your reminder of what that looks like. The amount of guilt and shame I feel along with the relentless nausea was definitely not worth it. I am resetting my badge and trying again. Hopefully this time I'll never drink again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Be gentle with yourself my friend....you CAN do this!!  IWNDWYT 
What tools have I gathered to help sustain a sober life?  What things can I do to help identify and avoid the pitfalls I've stumbled on before? How can I learn to love a life with no alcohol one in which I don't desire alcohol?  What is it that I want from alcohol and how can I find it in other healthier ways?  ..Questions like these helped me to stop drinking and stay stopped. IWNDWYT
Geez that sounds pretty rough. Let's have a sober rest-of-January. IWNDWYT
I found a lot of value in Alcohol Explained by William Porter and This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  Smart Recovery online is based on cognitive behavioral therapy.  There are a lot of free tools under the resources tab.  This last bender will be a really good memory to "Play the tape forward" the next time you get a craving.  IWNDWYT
The first relapse I had after I made the decision to stop was one of the worst hangovers I ever experienced.  It was an (unfortunate) yet good reminder why I continue to stop drinking.  ..You'll be ok... You'll get through this.  You're not alone.  I've had and felt the feelings you described.  
I can promise you if you stop drinking you will never feel like this again. I can also promise you that if you continue to drink these episodes will get worse and worse. Which future would you rather have?
It's happened all of us many times. The important thing is that you're back and that you're making another go at not drinking. We can do this. One day at a time. 
Welcome to the black out toilet hugger club. I'm not just a spokesman I'm a member!..I'm on day 15 but I think I'm into something: I manage my drinking problem with drinking. I drink water or tea by the gallons. My after work wind down drink is either a root beer or ginger ale. When I go out I may drink a mock tail. ..We've trained our brains to reward us with dopamine for drinking. So reward away brain! ..
Chin up Cindy I've been there (sooo many times!) and now I'm on day 64! Day at a time matey!
I went for lunch with my friends yesterday. I don't remember how I got home and feel terrible today. I'm sad and scared and hate myself today. I had to clean up the toilet this morning/ vomit everywhere. I hate this feeling but I knew what I was doing. Let's get back to it today. IWNDWYT
Hang on babe! It's a wild ride
Don't be hard on yourself be kind and brave you can do this! I second reading This Naked Mind and also The Unexpected Joy of being Sober IWNDWYT 
You're trying and that's something. I'm proud of you.
Don't miss talking to God on The Great Telephone!
I can relate to what you wrote.  I remember very well trying to believe that I could drink in moderation like everyone else.  I could do it once in a while but the entire time I was resisting the urge to drink more and more and I didn't enjoy myself because I was so busy white knuckling to not get drunk.  If I let my guard down AT ALL I would get shitty drunk.  I finally accepted that I cannot control myself when it comes to alcohol so I have to avoid the first drink.  I wish I could control my drinking but I cannot.  I have accepted and embraced this and now I have been sober over a year!  IWNDWYT
This really resonates with me. I've been trying for as long as I can remember to drink in moderation. And honestly sometimes I can just go out and have a few beers and go home. But those times are becoming fewer and farther between.
IWNDWYT
I quickly learned to be really careful when relapsing. I don't mean in a "im just gunna have a few" way. That is just the rationalizing to start always knowing im going to have more...I mean careful with the total amount. Even after a week sober if I try what I could before as a daily habit... absolutely wrecked. The physical tolerance is just gone. ..After a month... geez I wouldnt even risk buying more than a 6pack if I relapsed because even that is going to pushing it for a night. 
My heart goes out to you cindy. This sucks I know I lived it for too long. The embarassment and shame is just so overwhelming. You'd think that the shame would stop me from drinking. Nope. By the next Friday I had convinced myself it wasn't that bad. Keep trying cindy. For me I just knew after one black out session that I was done drinking. I knew it. I wish the same for you. 
Welcome back!
  
 
Moderation is for lamers. I like to get fucked up and I have no problem saying it...Once I was honest with myself it became easier. I wont drink because I like to go wild and have fun...I don't enjoy moderating at all. So sober or not I am going to gave a good time no matter what...Sure I could just "have a few" but coming down sucks and kills the mood...No shame in enjoying a drug. A heroine addict doesnt dabble with "moderate heroine use" no he fucking loves his high. Getting drunk is fun. And that's why I stopped...God speed warrior.
You are getting back up. Keep fighting. ..I relapsed a few times thinking that I was cured and that I could moderate. I can't. Like you said its works until it doesnt- and there is always a time where it stops working. ..&amp;#x200B;
I had 30 days sober and figured I'd reward myself with a "couple shots" to give me liquid courage to reply to my collection of built up okcupid messages on Friday. By Sunday my 1.75l vodka was gone I wasnt even feeling a buzz by the time I drank the last 8 ounces after waking up. Don't remember my weekend at all except my room smells like chemical death and my face looks like The Walking Dead. ..Don't "reward" yourselves by trying to have a couple of drinks guys. I dont think our tolerance will ever reset to a normal level where 2 drinks will make us content. Havent experienced that since my first year of casual boozing. 
