-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afps3f/first_post_had_a_relapse_loss_of_spirituality/

Hi Guys.  .I've been lurking for a while and love this sub but I've never posted. I feel a bit desperate for some advice now however!   .I went to medical detox and rehabilitation for 28 days... I suffer from bad anxiety and panic attacks and my drinking "as a crutch" had become so intense that I was physically and psychologically dependent on it... to the point that before I left I almost wanted to die rather than suffer the sleepless nights and needing alcohol to fall asleep until I woke up just needing more and in a panic.  .I enjoyed rehab actually and found myself as I was there for a few weeks and the couple weeks after I got home some sort of spiritual awakening. I'm not sure how to explain this but here I go:  .Looking back at my thought patterns when I was using and even before it got dangerously bad I couldn't comprehend how I was living so unhappy and not even being fully aware.  I knew I was unhappy but not FULLY and looking back I'd been in shock that I went through every day oblivious to the feelings of other and to anything really deep. I didn't come across totally like that though. I came across as caring and friendly but it was ultimately fake compared to how I genuinely felt in my heart after a little over a month sober. It almost scared me that I was so oblivious before hand.  .Anyway I felt a lot smarter and clearer but after isolating myself and not following up with programs enough I ended up drinking on the anniversary of my aunt's death. I used that as a bit of an excuse I guess and 2 glasses of wine turned into many more.  I woke up hungover and in a panic and I was sent right back to how I was before I left for rehab. Going to that feeling immediately instead of gradually was a huge shock to my system. I felt sick for two days and did not "self medicate" with alcohol to feel better I rode the wave waiting for the day I felt better and have fresh in my mind how I never wanted to feel again. Once again I wondered how I ever lived my life every day like that.  .That was Thursday night and it's now Sunday night and I no longer feel physically sick. However I feel that spiritual awareness I had for the past month and a half is gone. I can't quite explain but I feel in a fog and like I am back to how I was living mentally "asleep". I am happy that I'm aware of this now  but I am fearful I will think this is "normal" again and never go back to that sense of awareness of myself and others.  .I know this was not explained particularly well but if anyone has any advice reasoning I might feel this way or can just relate it would mean a lot to hear from you! I don't want to fall back into a hole from this setback because of the depression and fear I feel now.  .This disease is powerful. It was a wakeup call to take this more seriously now that I'm out of a treatment center and on my own but I pray that I didn't ruin everything with my relapse.  .IWNDWYT  .
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry that happened. Maybe check with your treatment center about after care and meetings. 
Hi Stella it doesn't seem like you went directly back to the way you were before rehab. You didnt self medicate (which seems to be what you did before). Instead you rode the wave and are still trying and aware of the seriousness of the situation. That seems like an accomplishment to me. I dont think you lost your spirituality or ruined anything. You are in a different environment than rehab so you may feel different. You are going to have ups and downs (feelings and otherwise during recovery) and this just sounds like a down. I hope you continue your journey tomorrow and look into some of the resources for recovery you have available..BTW when I tried to quit around October I ended up on an almost 3 month bender with no end in sight. We can pull through!.IWNDWYT
That's true thanks so much! And good job to you too for getting back on the horse!! :) 
