-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afqy1g/after_some_advice_from_the_fine_folk_of_sd/

So I'm involved with a  get your shit together coordinator . I've been drinking for some time and over the past few months I've been making steps towards getting sober. ..I'm motivated and want change. ..So far the approach I've been advised to take has been cutting down. Dropping 10% each week. The problem I've found is I'm very aware I'm not drinking that drink and as some people find it motivating to pour that drink down the sink i struggle to muster the courage. I'm someone and I'm sorry if this is a trigger... but I'm someone who if they buy  x  amount they generally finish  x  amount. One of the reasons is if I do so there isn't anything to drink in the morning and secondly... well I can't always stop myself. ..The reason I'm posting is because I want to change to sort my life out (again) but I constantly keep coming to the same cross road. Personally I think if I'm going to stop then I need to just stop (easier said than done). I'm from the UK so private detox is generally very expensive and the service through the gov is pretty hard to come by. ..Hope I haven't crossed any boundaries by asking this I'm not seeking medical advise just other people's experiences and I haven't been drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I have always found that cutting down is impossible. The reason - alcohol breaks down inhibitions and reason so you don't care any more or forget. I know if I start drinking I can't stop until I black out or the bar shuts or the bottles are all empty. No matter how good my intentions were at the beginning. But everyone is different of course. 
Cutting down never worked for me. If I took one drink I took all of them. I had to quit cold turkey and completely. Did it with AA where everyone is saying no to the first drink.
&gt;"...I can't always stop myself." .    .That was me. I didn't have the willpower to do the tapering method. As soon as I had a drink in me all rules were out the window.    .    .I wasn't able to move forward in my life until I realized the only way I can control alcohol is simply not drink it. Now my life is blossoming in ways I never imagined.    .    .I was addicted for sure but I managed to detox safely at home with prescribed medication. If you don't think you require supervised detox go to your doctor and be honest. They might be able to help.
I have found it easier to space out my drinking than to cut back on how much I drink in a go.  I've moved from every other day a few years ago to 3 times every two weeks and I'm trying to push it to once a week now.
My experience if this helps. I feel like I've gone through two stages...The first is where I stopped drinking altogether for around 55 days in a row at the longest.  That began in september.  There were a few mess-ups in there especially in the beginning but eventually I kept going.  Each time you mess up and drink after you commit to being sober you really need to use each one as a learning experience to not do it again.  Really analyze what was going on in your head and in your surroundings especially what triggered it.  I found it a learning process just to be able to be home alone in the evening with all of this spare time and hours until bedtime. Lots of extra time to fill.  There were things I had to learn just life skills really like how to go to the grocery store and not buy wine every time how to walk past that aisle how to deal with coming home and replacing it with some other treat (at first ice cream I'd just let myself eat unlimited amounts every time I had a craving sometimes a full tub every 2 days now fruit and popcorn are my go to snacks). Another thing is that my body seems to have been very dehydrated maybe from years of this.  After I stopped drinking I could easily put down a two liter of coke a day.  I began putting teabags in a two liter bottle filled with water and cold brewing it overnight in the fridge to save money and plastic. The other thing that is important to know is that days 7-14 are generally the hardest for me because your brain gets used to the dopamine hit from alcohol by downregulating its own production.  During these days your own dopamine is at an all time low as your brain is just starting to rebuild the machinery to regulate its own dopamine instead of relying on it from an outside source.  So the urges are the worst.  There's also a kind of airy feeling of having your routine broken and having to rebuild a new routine.  I've been working on these things since Sept.  ..The second stage was where I'm at now.  Which is that I went from being a daily drinker to being someone who was drinking once every 7-14 days.  Basically the weekends I'd get invited out and after a week of not drinking I kept getting tempted every time.  Also my friends were not helpful.  On the one hand huge improvement from daily drinking to two to three times a month.  On the other hand I was not moderating I was getting wasted only less frequently.  I can't control myself once I start.  The best I can do is not start. I've gotten good at not drinking during the week.  Not good enough though - just like your experience there's a get your shit together side to this it only takes ONE slip up for everything to turn into a shitshow no matter how good you were the rest of the week.  In my case I found out some horrible rumors.  It upset me enough that I'm tired of trusting people and getting wasted around anyone.   I'm tired of this substance turning me into someone weird and ruining things and creating scenarios that people gossip about.  My blood ran stone cold when they told me...So one thing I tried this week that has been extremely helpful (for me) is experimenting with non-alcoholic beverages. I bought O'Doul's the alcohol free beer and I've gotten to where I'm having 2 to 4 of those a day.   It's comforting it's the old routine the old flavors but none of the guilt.  I sleep well and no waking up terrified if I sent some text at 3 am there's so much less anxiety overall and i'm always in control.  It's silly in a way it's beer flavored seltzer water but it's gotten me through a week in a very effortless way.  Some people say it has triggered a relapse for them it does not have that effect on me.  When I crave alcohol I think OK go get your Odouls and that works no buzz but you get that familiar Pavlovian calming response to the snap open sound of the bottle.  It's weird.. Now I've been invited in two weeks to spend a weekend at a ski lodge with some drinking friends.  I am already preparing what I am going to say about the Odouls. Two of them already know as I've told them this is all I'm drinking now.  I just hope I don't cave in.  I feel like its a pretty generous compromise  I can have all the Odouls I want whenever I want.  But no other beer no wine.  It's not deprivation it actually tastes just like a very light beer without a buzz.  Found out yesterday from a good friend that her cousin has been sober 14 years and drinks Odouls.  So now I don't feel so bad about it.  It's a crutch I guess but it's better than that deprivation/ giving in / deprivation / giving in cycle I kept repeating.  Like a binge eater on a diet holding it together M-F and then stuffing their face in a pizza buffet on Saturday.  I don't want the extremes.  So far this is helpful. For me at least. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
