-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afsx2w/almost_relapsed_tonight/

This morning I awoke to news that my moms boyfriend of 5 years had passed away suddenly. Without much hesitation I bought a plane ticket called my work and explained and flew to my hometown to go be with her during this time. ..We lost my dad similarly when I was young so I feel awful that she has to relive this trauma. I arrived and she was mentally exasperated from the ordeal and managed to fall asleep a few hours ago. Due to my stress a stark craving overtook me. I drove down to a local dive bar my childhood friend is the bar manager at. The whole drive I'm thinking to myself  am I going to do this? Am I going to throw away the near 5 months of sobriety I've managed to string together?  But all I wanted was to take the edge off. ..Anyways I show up and see my friend behind the bar. I told him what happened and that I really wanted some whiskey. He initially brushed off the comment and we continued to talk. I reiterated that I wanted a shot. He then looked me in the eyes and simply told me  No I'm not going to serve you any alcohol.  He poured me a club soda with lime and stuck it in front of me sympathized with my situation while we continued to catch up. ..I thanked him and left. For a moment I lingered outside and thought about going to a different bar but ultimately decided to just head back to my moms instead where I now write this...While I feel good I didn't succumb to the temptation I feel ashamed that I let it get this close. I strive to be  spiritually fit  enough to handle myself I am reminded that the possibility is always there...This is my first time getting sober. I hear many say that relapse is a part of recovery and that a slip up doesn't negate the progress and sobriety already collected. While I'm glad to hear that in a fucked up way I feel like it almost gives me  permission ..But I know deep down it will catapult me into a cycle of relapse that I can't afford nor do I want. ..Just wanted to get this off my chest. Thank you for reading IWNDWYT. ...TL;DR: death in the family almost drank over it bartender friend who knows I'm in recovery wouldn't serve me.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm thankful you have such a stellar friend. We can't all go it alone even though I think I should be able to most of the time. Appreciate you sharing. Don't let that little thread of permission sneak into your brain. That can be destructive. Do what you need to do for your own health and happiness.
Relapse is not part of the recovery..It is destructive and sets you back...It can happen and if so you need to forgive yourself and move on but it is also dangerous and should be avoided at all costs...I am sorry for the loss in your family. Stay strong and don't drink today.
What a fantastic friend! I'm so happy that you had him to support you during a trying time tonight. IWNDWYT
That is a really great friend I'm glad he was meant to be there in your time of need to remind you why didn't need a drink. Best to you during this difficult time.
Best wishes to you. IWNDWYT.
Relapse is not a requirement for recovery. I'm glad you could be there to support your mother. Sober. ..IWNDWYT 
The really key bit you are missing here is that even if you'd have got that shot you may have chosen to not drink it. Sometimes just the fact that you could but choose not to is power enough. So I don't know whether you are thinking  if he hadn't been there I'd definitely have drunk  or not but if one teeny bit of you is wipe it from your mind because chances are you'd have still not drunk it. The fact you didn't go to a different bar reinforced that. Be proud. 
Awesome friend right there.
