-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/afve0r/struggling_today/

Just had an awesome weekend... I'd stopped weekday drinking but quite a few {bottles} over weekends...Boxing day morning I started getting panic attacks and been daily since I'm sorry to say anxiety has taken over it's 12.30pm on a Monday and I've just finished a bottle of wine to try to keep calm... I don't have friends and my partner is at work so turned to you guys as I just dunno what to do. ..I hope whoever reads this is having a better day..
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol created my anxiety much more than it ever relieved it.  Once I got away from the stuff the manic attacks and overall anxiety dropped significantly.  Exercise helped bring them down too.  Have you talked to a doctor?
My anxiety got worse before it got better after I stopped but after some time passed and my body "leveled out" I feel so much better than when I was drinking. It was hard to sit with the uncomfortable emotions and the anxiety was intense. If it doesn't lessen after some time passes maybe consider visiting your doctor. Hope you feel better soon I know it's an awful thing to deal with. Iwndwyt!
I also had horrible anxiety from drinking  I  never realized the 2 we're connected until I quit. It's one of the main reasons that I  keep myself from going back to my old ways. Iwndwyt! 
Don't let the panic overtake you. You are still the same strong person that made you be able to cut back drinking and not drinking through the week. You are that person today and you will be tomorrow. I believe in you and your journey. All the love and good vibes heading your way. 
Hello there. Welcome to SD. This is a great sub that can help you to stay away from the first drink. It's the first drink that sets off the trigger for us many times. Why not browse this sub and see what people have to say when they share their experiences of getting sober. You can get yourself a badge to track your progress. You are not alone when it comes to problem drinking ok? All the best to you. Katherine aka Divvydend  
Alcohol causes anxiety and depression.  Alcohol Explained by William Porter is an easy interesting read that explains how alcohol actually works and why people slide down the slippery slope slowly into addiction.  Mental or physical.  IWnDWYT  It's totally worth the read.  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace is great too and she also has a podcast.
