-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agc0o4/my_difficulty_with_aa_and_step_one/

Around this time last year I had been in AA for just under 3 months. Eventually I began to feel like a fraud and I stopped going. From there I spent nearly an entire year as isolated as humanly possible. I gave into every impulse and lost the last of my dignity and sense of self. It was a terrible year and really showed me that there are things worse than death...I've been back in AA for just under 2 weeks and so far so good. My obsession has eased off and while I'm still miserable and anxiety ridden; I'm less miserable and anxiety ridden than I was three weeks ago. So that's a step in the right direction...&amp;#x200B;..So why did I feel like a fraud? It's pretty simple. My obsession does not conform to one of the basic descriptors of the alcoholic. I can stop drinking for long periods of time. And I can also have one or two drinks and then stop. I was definitely a blackout drinker in my 20s and I'd drink at every opportunity. But the description of the alcoholic never quite fit me. But what is clear is that I am an escape artist. I will use anything and everything within my means to run away from reality. I hate the real world and facing the truth of of myself. I hate having to face the fact that I have no sense of identity and a loneliness in me that is inexpressible in its depth. I've used sex location change masturbation exercise anger youtube food booze drugs videogames money arrogance reading fantasy and anything else I could to try and escape the world. To not feel so alone and so afraid. So for 2018 I may not have been getting wasted every night. But I did spend a year in my room alone doing as little as humanly possible just waiting to die. I did cut off as much human contact as possible. I did let my health deteriorate to the point where just standing hurt because I'd been laying down for so long. And when I did drink I'd guzzle it like a man who hasn't had a sip of water in 3 days...&amp;#x200B;..The longer I went on saying I was an alcoholic the more of a liar I felt I was. Everyone around me talked about the allergy and having one drink and disappearing for days at a time. I'm not like that. And I was ashamed and hated my self even more for being an imposter among people desperate to find a way to live. I felt like a voyeur amongst the ill. ..&amp;#x200B;..But yesterday I connected with an old-timer who has seen it all. I was already beginning to teeter on the edge of despair that I didn't fit it. But this man allowed me to express some of my deepest concerns with the program without judging me. He made me feel like I belong. That the obsession is in me. And I felt so much relief over hearing this. It made the struggle so much more real and so much more serious. I'm not an imposter. This is where I'm supposed to be. I guess this is my Step One. ..&amp;#x200B;..For me the substance is in some ways secondary. Some are definitely more damaging than others. But in the end they do the same thing: they are a desperate attempt to fill that vast emptiness inside me. To suppress the fear hate and sadness that has run my life since before I can remember. To keep the lie alive: that everything is just fine while the world around me burns. I don't want to just quit drinking and be sober. I hate being sober and there isn't much of a life left. But I want to learn how to live. I want to feel like a real person. I want a soul!..&amp;#x200B;..I'm writing this for a couple of reasons. One is just to express my own relief at feeling like I belong. And also if there is anyone else out there struggling with not quite fitting the mould... well that's okay.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you had a major epiphany! I'm glad you feel like you belong and are seeking support. ..Have you talked to your doctor or a therapist about these feelings? They may also be able to help or at least point you in a good direction. 
Man this is deep - I will be honest and say I have no idea how to help you wish I did.  Just know you aren't alone in the way you feel.  Lots of what you wrote I can relate to just not the depth of what your feeling.  Have you every thought of writing as well?  
I'm going to play devil's advocate here: "Alcoholic" is an antiquated term and no credible substance abuse researcher would use that. "Alcohol use disorder" is the current way of thinking and there are tons of people in the middle of the spectrum who drink more than they want to but aren't waking up and panhandling for money to buy a pint...AA is a good program and well-run and many people have had success with it. But it tends to be cult-like in that it has a narrative and rigorous rules and it's "my way or the highway". If it works for you great. But plenty of other people have had the same thoughts that you've just had that they're not an alcoholic but a problem drinker:..[https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/04/the-irrationality-of-alcoholics-anonymous/386255/](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/04/the-irrationality-of-alcoholics-anonymous/386255/)..&amp;#x200B;
I was feeling similarly. It was difficult to actually commit to go to therapy but it was the best thing I could have done for myself. It helped me work out a lot of deep-seeded issues causing my depression and anxiety. I got on an anti-depressant and take an anti-anxiety med as needed. This was a life changing/life saving change. The meds lift that cloud of depression and I am able to navigate problems and issues in an normal fashion without spiraling into a crippling depression. ..Many mental health councilors incorporate substance abuse therapy into your regular sessions. They will be able to refer you to a good psychologist who can diagnose and prescribe meds. 
Great post!  Thank you so much for sharing !!
I feel like I relate a lot to your experience and it's partly why I also stepped away from AA. However I have been involved in other support groups that have been helpful to me and I would encourage you to continue to find people to connect with. I know for me it really helps with the whole feeling alive part about being here.
Today I've been less of an asshole to people than I've been in a long time. And I'm not doing it while sober and honest. That is really special to me. 
You might find value in Rachel Hart's podcast "take a break from drinking" (she has a book too). She definitely focuses on not labeling onesself and getting to the real reasons for our drinking (and all those other things we do not to have to feel our feelings)
I went to my very first AA meeting last night and I share the same sentiments with you. Everyone was very nice very welcoming and I was glad to be in a room full of sober people coming together in support. Though when some people started sharing I started feeling like a bit of an outsider. I'm the same I can have a glass of wine or two at dinner and then call it. But I can also rage for 3 days and royally piss off my friends. ..If I am an alcoholic I'm relatively functional. I could probably keep drinking every day at the level I have been with relatively minor consequences. But after this last week and a half it's becoming more and more apparent that I'm far from living my optimal life when I drink. I think I've thought for a long time that drinking gave me my edge; I'm more outgoing I have confidence to spit game I say funny off the cuff things. But the more I take audit of my last couple years of drinking its apparent that I've been losing my edge with drinking. I sound like an idiot I'm forgetful detached I offend and annoy my friends I talk over people and don't pickup on social cues. I lost 2 relationships last year one was long term and I can't help but think my drinking had a lot to do with it. Every argument every snide comment every time I got angry jealous bitter booze was always the common denominator. 
It is not how much or how often that a person drinks that makes them an alcoholic...It is what happens when they do drink that counts...Nothing at all in the program or in the Big Book require you to say "I am an alcoholic". After all the ONLY requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking...You don't even have to say "Hi I'm S_F". 
Best advice I ever received about AA... Take what you can use and leave the rest.  Good luck my friend.
I really appreciate your post. I relate to a lot of it. I think I somehow manage to consume myself with healthy things to mask that hole. Instead of letting alcohol or cigarettes or caffeine take hold I've been making the gym a habit. Even if I go and walk slow on the treadmill for an hour. Or meal-prepping healthy food. Or going to sleep extra early. It's like masking the hole that is there..Anyways thanks for sharing your thoughts! 
Just searched  A.A. problem  on this subreddit and found your post. I can relate to a lot of what you say. I am a bit worse off with my drinking and know I can't control it but there's a lot about A.A. that I can't buy into. It's just nice to know I'm not the only one. 
