-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agg9vh/making_the_most_of_talk_therapy/

wondering if anyone has a similar experience not getting far in therapy...&amp;#x200B;..i believe my drinking stems from my traumatic childhood. my father was a violent abusive alcoholic - abused my brother mom and i physically and verbally the ugliest of it while blacked out. i dealt with that from my birth until we left the house when i was 12...&amp;#x200B;..i was taught to man up and shut up about problems. i couldn't even come to my mom as an outlet because it overwhelmed her as the sole breadwinner and caretaker in the house. going to therapy often makes me freeze. i remember what i wanted to say after i walk out...&amp;#x200B;..does this happen to anyone else? does anyone have suggestions on how to make better use of the time you're paying to care for yourself? ..&amp;#x200B;..so far it's been struggle city for me but i'm not ready to give up on it...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Oh yes!..My therapist suggested that I write down my responses after the event and we spend about half the next session talking about them.  It's worth a try!
I'm getting a lot more out of therapy now that I've stopped drinking.  I was numbing a lot of things out before.  I can't do that now and they're finally coming to the surface.  I don't think you can expect any real change in your life if you're still drinking no matter how much therapy you get.
I always take notes during therapy and throughout the week I write down lists of things I want to talk about next time as they come up. Sometimes when not in the heat of the moment the things I've written down can seem silly. I still bring them up.. Sometimes being in a better headspace is the perfect time to talk about them and develop new coping skills...It took three different therapists until I found one I could really open up to. The first one I went to even told me I was ill-suited for therapy! Glad I kept trying. 
Don't get a therapist that you find attractive.  The first one I had I spent most of my time thinking about banging her.  And my shares were sprinkled with stuff to impress her.  This was before I quit drinking!  Such a tool I was...
Yes this is normal. I suggest setting some goals for therapy with the therapist. It can help you keep focused on topic and to see progress.
With any doctor I write things down ahead of time because I know I'll blank when I'm there.
