-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agrtr5/im_lost_and_drowning_in_relapse_and_cant_seem_to/

Title says it all. I feel so ashamed. I really thought this last attempt was the one. I'm hard into a relapse and I can't even find my way out of the lies I'm telling myself to be sober for even one damn day!..The mornings are all the same: regret followed by promises. Then the evening comes and I'm justifying just one more day. I'm so bad into it that my liver physically aches and I'm bloated and cramped and depressed like mad. ..I had such a strong desire to remain sober.... so strong. ..God help me. You kind people please pray for me.  I'm lost on this ocean of despair and I seem to have misplaced my paddle. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have any good answers but just want to say I see you and I get it. You say you -had- a strong desire to stay sober. Do you still want that?
Is rehab a possibility?
The good news is that there *IS* help out there and you don't have to do this on your own...There are medications that can help significantly. There are programs that are available...Any chance you can get to a doctor??
You can do this. It starts with one day. Start there
I think we have to let the desire to remain sober...so strong - win...Shame and regret - worthless.  ..The sun will shine tomorrow and so will we.  :)
I'm sorry you're struggling. I've said a prayer.
I'm glad you came here to reach out. A great next step is to reach out to a doctor rehab or recovery program. When I was in enough despair I finally went to AA and it has gotten me to 5 months. There is hope and life can be so much better!! Hugs and prayers xo
I am so very sorry and I hear you loud and clear sending good vibes your way keep trying keep coming back here you are not alone. Only on day 1 here after a hideous 2-day bender (on a fucking Monday and Tuesday no less...wtf???) but am desperate to change. 
I am praying for you. You can do this. Just do it one day at a time. What helped you get sober last time? What do you need to be successful today (or if it's too late for today tomorrow)? I wish you lots of strength as you make the transition to sobriety. Please keep us updated!
Hi Sunshine. I thought maybe it would help to know you are not the only one who fell into this trap. I tried to get sober in October. I went to an AA meeting let someone by me the associated book posted on here etc. That lasted about 8 days. I then proceeded to binge drink for about 3 months. I could not put it down. I guess I was concerning myself with the thought of if I put it down I may never pick it back up. Definitely went through the hurting liver bloating cramps and depression (like I have my times before). I was able to get back on the wagon on Jan. 2 though. I am worried about tricking myself again but just wanted you to know that the sea of despair is not endless. You can do this! We are rooting for you. I will say a prayer for you.
I don't have a great track record  but for what it's worth  therapy (in my case in the form  of intensive  outpatient therapy) and AA meetings can be great motivators.  I was forced into it (I thought it was a bunch of hippie nonsense) but I can't argue with the results. .  I tried Antabuse for a while (ended with a drinking binge) but I was miserable and always mad that I couldn't drink.  Between IOP and AA I'm much happier and I have been able to stay sober for about 95 of the last 100 days and I'm happier.
I'm sending positive thoughts your way! You can do this.  I just focus on not drinking today.  Best wishes! IWNDWYT 
I'm echoing what others have said here but try to forgive yourself because you deserve it. I sometimes did not only focus on the day but the hour. Or like I will not drink for 20 minutes (until the end of this show or whatever). Somehow this was easier as I always set big goals that I failed at (or "celebrated" achieving with alcohol). 
go be honest with your dr.and listen to what you tell him..booze is poison. .you know this. ..love ya man.keep coming back 
Fall 4 times get up the 5th time. That's what this fight is about. ..I'll urge you not to be down on yourself. (You're just helping the alcohol at that point.) you're a good person and you WILL get through this. ..Know that you are an inspiration because you are in the middle of the fight. Your success will be a testament of your willpower. ..As bad as the cravings and despair right now the simple will to give up alcohol will take you great distances. I'll also suggest attending an AA meeting. The 12 step program may not be for you but you will be in the presence of people who are trying to quit as well. The camaraderie and solidarity have a good soothing effect sometimes. Good luck friend! Rooting for you!
All of you who wrote are kind souls and I am very gratful and quite moved by your sentiments. .As an update I am getting some outside help today and I am going to give every ounce of my strength to break the cycle of nonsense and not drink with you today. ..For me the shame that I feel seems to persuade me to drink for various reasons the most potent of which is to punish myself. To all of you who noted that this is utter nonsense I agree. Only for today I forgive myself...To all of you who said prayers for me thank you. ..To those of you who find yourselves in the same struggle in which I am now ensnared I pray for you and I share your fears and sorrows. ..Thank you all so very much for your help. I will update you this evening. 
You sound like we have walked a many mile in each other's shoes.  I have relapsed so many times in the last 4 years.  The last one I thought I would never get out of.   I am now on day 5 and feeling more positive and better than I have in years.  Finally had a good night sleep and didnt wake in a pile of sweat.  ..You can do it you owe it to yourself.  ..I will not drink with you today
