-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/agz7dm/275_days_and_im_struggling_this_week/

Hubby is away again for a couple of days working which leaves me at home (SAHM) with our 2 lovely kids; including all the activities fights arguing and other frustrations that come with having 2 little girls. I'm really happy to be sober but this week has been tough. I've been thinking about how good it would be to be drinking. How nice it would be to get a bit of a buzz while I clean the house. How much easier it would be to handle the girls' fighting and arguing. Vodka would make all these things better. But that's a lie isn't it? I hate how the booze has lied to me for so long...So I stay sober make a craft garden with my 4yr old and drink coffee and a green smoothie while I clean...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Physical workouts provide a nice endorphin buzz. Is there a way you can incorporate that into your routine? That might help distract you from thoughts of drinking. Stay strong!
I'm with you. My SO is traveling for work and in my (hopefully) former life this would have been prime time for a week or two of heavy drinking without having to hide it at all. ..Bad. News...So this week there's been a lot of visits to the gym dog walks reading and meditating. Oh and lets not forget my personal favorite: lots of sparkling water and cranberry juice during the witching hour...Keep up the good work! We can get though this!!
Yes it's a lie.  Alchol is a poison.  IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT  it's a tough job to be a parent! My go to when my kids argued was wine. I'd guzzle and feel instantly more patient. It's not worth it for us bc it's all an illusion. For me instead of patience is was more like numbness. I wasn't as present as i wanted to be with my kids. I let them do as they pleased. Now I'm actually more level calm and able to discipline more efficiently. Boredom comes sometimes while doing mundane things but such is life. I'm not a SAHM but I work one week on/one off. I split custody. When I'm off I'm a full time parwnt so I can relate. Hang in there! IWNDWYT but I may yell a little at the kids with you  
Today is Day 25 I've had very little cravings to be honest but today I've had them. It's been a stressful week with overtime work and waking up earlier than usual. Being productive and working hard makes me feel happy about myself but it exhausts my willpower. That's when cravings start to bother me...I'll go to the gym and see if that helps.
i've got an 8 and 4 year old.  I love them.  They also suck.  Getting sober with young kids is no picnic.  Want to come home after working hard all day and do "recovery" stuff?  Doesn't work that way for parents of young kids.  I go to meetings a couple nights a week after work then get home at 8:30pm to deal with kids.  ..If you are anything like me you know drinking actually exacerbates the pain and difficulty of parenting though painful as it is.  Loss of control loss of temper (which will happen even sober but at least not out of control) and kids are smarter than we think.  They know you are not in control when you are drinking.  I knew it when I was a kid.  They see you as someone else.  It's pretty fucked up and there's no question in my mind it causes them suffering even if it isn't visible on the surface it's there.  A subtle tension and anxiety and fear introduced into their lives from our drinking.  Giving them your sobriety is the best gift you will ever give them and you know it.  Keep going.  I'm right there with you in this very difficult part of the journey through life.  I have a lot of friends with young kids who are alcoholics and do nothing about it and actually think they are fine.  They ain't fine and neither are their kids.   You're doing the right thing and you are doing a great job.  Just keep going.  You can do it.
Thanx for the support. We sober parents need to stick together! 
Iwndwyt! ..The whole  exhausted and busy mama  wine culture is how I would justify my nightly bottle(s) of wine.  As someone above said - it's poison.  You've got this.  Check often for support. I'm with you there. 
It's a big fat lie!  NOTHING not even screaming and yelling kids is better with where you end up using alcohol. 
ITS A TRAP. Those are all dirty dirty lies your brain is telling you. You are doing fantastic as you are. Iwndwyt 
This is an awesome suggestion.  Thank you.  Iwndwyt. 
