-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ah2ac2/today_is_day_1/

Hi Guys..Today is Day 1 for me. A lot of things have led me to want to stop drinking mainly my body. I'm only 26 and I can't recognize myself in the mirror anymore because my face is so bloated. It's gotten so bad that I won't even look in mirrors and avoid them as much as I can. My dad thinks I have Cushing's but little does he know it's because I've been pretty much a daily drinker for the last three years. My family lives in a different state so I don't see them often but always before I see them I get so much anxiety and try to not drink as much so my face can settle a bit...&amp;#x200B;..I've made progress in the last two months. I have had more sober days than I've had in years I'm not puking bile and generally drink a bottle of wine tops when I do drink. Still that's not good enough. I live in fear of my body deteriorating liver issues etc. The constant anxiety is killing me...&amp;#x200B;..There are a few things that make not drinking difficult in my life. One of them is that my fiance is an alcoholic as well. We've both been on this journey of getting our shit together and often pledge not to drink. Still I can tell that it's difficult for both of us because we trigger each other. Like if I have a glass of wine with a friend out at dinner then that triggers him to go get alcohol. We both suck at this. In 2018 we did manage to go a couple weeks here and there sober but it's been a struggle. We didn't drink on Monday which is a win for us this week. I need more of those wins...&amp;#x200B;..Today I cried in the car to him about how I can't recognize myself anymore and how scared I am to die young. He was super supportive and agreed not to drink tonight... but I don't want it just to be tonight. I need my face and body back. I need to not feel afraid that I'm going to die from liver failure. I want a family to look good for my wedding this summer  to feel comfortable and enjoy life instead of feeling sick. ..&amp;#x200B;..So Day 1 let's go. Any advice is appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck to you! I found one day at a time my health improved.  You can do this and I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
I know that for me if I was leaning on anyone else in my life to help me get sober or relapsing because they were it was never going to work. Sometimes the best motivation for people to get sober is to see a loved one do it first. Seeing all the positive changes that came from my brother getting sober was enough for me to want the same for myself. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on finding your day 1 - I find that the very hardest day to find     ...I had to dig deep to find each day since then. I ate a lot of ice cream in the beginning. Slowly then I improved my diet went for walks &amp; did pilates I came on here every single day and still do. I read sober books and listened to sober podcasts...There is a daily check in thread also where we have the chance to recommit to keeping each day sober and to saying hello to SD pals...I fight to remain vigilant against the voice that tells me I can moderate. I can't...Absolutely nothing else gets higher priority than not picking up that first drink. Because I am useless to myself and everyone else if I do pick up...You are young you are strong you are so worthwhile and so ready for this journey. I will not drink with you today  
Welcome!! I totally understand your struggle although my situation is slightly different. I'm in a position where my boyfriend and I are living together and he still drinks- he moderates perfectly only drinks a few nights a week never gets DRUNK drunk is a happy/fit/well-adjusted person and essentially just has a very reasonable and healthy relationship with alcohol. It feels wrong to deprive him of being able to indulge or to keep alcohol in our home since he's never done anything wrong as a result of drinking...&amp;#x200B;..Now me on the other hand holy hell! I'm a walking dumpster fire. I drink to excess EVERY time make a mess of our home get drunk and pick fights and just generally become an asshole embarrass myself I've pissed the bed more than once spent half my time hungover (in between getting wasted again) and so on and so on and so on. *It is essential that I stay sober. I personally have no other choice.*..&amp;#x200B;..But it is REALLY hard to live with someone who drinks and still make a daily personal commitment to my sobriety. So I just want to acknowledge how real your experiences are (being triggered by your partner in particular) and let you know that you're absolutely not alone. ..&amp;#x200B;..All that said I've had a lot of "Day 1"s but I've just hit double digits for the first time in probably 5 years and so far what's worked for me is just surrounding myself in books on the topic. I pulled a bunch of recommendations from lurking in this sub (my favorites so far are "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace "Alcohol Explained" by William Porter and an awesome/funny memoir called "No Good Can Come From This" although this one could potentially be triggering since she recounts specific drinks and  how much she used to enjoy them and stuff like that). Staying active in this sub has also been hugely helpful. ..&amp;#x200B;..You can do this! It's so worth it. IWNDWYT!!
Today is my day one as well. Good luck! 
1 day at a time kiddo going through life drunk sucks. You are young enough to stop this..Keep checking in here the stories will help..Every day when I get home I read this thread for s half hour instead of drinking 6 IPA's and passing out then going to work hungover..IWNDWYT
   
buy cranberry juice.  You'll need something sugary a glass here and there to keep your blood sugars OK during the first week.  Exercise in low doses also helps relieve the burn and certain cravings.  Start small - your body is recovering.  As you heal you will feel the energy to go further.  Physical improvements may take some time to see.  Mental recovery must happen first.  ..I wish you strength. I will not drink with you today!   
Keep coming back. IWNDWYT! 
Take a close up picture.  You will enjoy comparing your pictures in the future.  Great luck!
We can beat anxiety one day away from drinking! Anxiety slowly disappears as the brain heals. Good luck friend!
I was a daily drinker till the day i get married as i look my wedding picture (8yrs married) im red bloated floppy face red eyes.. how i wish i look different on that picture..you can do it one day at a time 
I have 33 days sober and my skin is 100x better. I've had multiple people notice. No more puffiness more even color hydrated. I'm 25 so I get the fear of noticeable damage at a young age you can reverse it! Be kind to yourself you deserve it! &lt;3
