-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ah66bg/if_youre_struggling_right_now/

So am I but I'm choosing health over a Tall boy. ...I've been giving my all to my job and it's been so challenging. Repeatedly. ...The cravings are EXTREME right now and I'm going to push through. ...If you're like myself at this very moment know that you're not alone please. ...Love y'all!...IWNDWYT FROM TEXAS 
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT :)
Hang in there!  IwNDWyT
Im with you.  You got this.
IWNDWYT - also struggling but we can do it!
Right here with you. I won't drink with you today. We got this!
Got you! IWNDWYT!!!!!!! 
IWNDWYT!!!  Here in Seattle!!  
IWNDWYT from Scandinavia  
I wish I was NDWYT. Will get there soon I hope. 
Keep pushing mate
Keep pushing mate
Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace
IWNDWYT
I'm sorry you are struggling and I hope it has passed now! It helps me to stay busy and aware during a craving. I also have gotten fond of Amino Acid chewables or some kind of Stress Complex with some B vitamins in them...these are lozenges that have this warm soft center after you have it in your mouth long enough to dissolve it! It may sound silly but I swear this stuff really has helped me! Good luck. This isn't easy but the payoff is amazing!
IWNDWYT
Keep on pushing it!
Cravings are tough.  Keep at it they will eventually pass.  IWMDWYT!
Day 19 IWNDWYT from the smallest state in the Union!! Stay strong!
I had my first salary while sober couple of days ago. Last month I relapsed on payday it was my first attempt lasted 9 days...For years by this time (friday night after payday) I would be somewhere getting drunk and spending like there's no tomorrow. It feels great not doing that. I've not had a month that I've stayed on budget for years. My drunken carelessness + the disappointments it has brought has made me neglect my finances heavily. Still finding it hard to believe that I can go for a month without running out of money at some point. Thinking it logically I'll likely have plenty of money left by the rate I've been spending for the 26 days I've now been sober. But I still have some weird doubt against reason that things can change for me. I really want to see through this month and actually succeed in improving financially. Sobriety and the challenges it presents to me are making me feel like I'm actually living like a normal person...IWNDWYT
