-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ah8e5y/back_in_the_arms_of_the_beast/

Did really well for 4 months not a sip of alcohol. Got through Christmas easy. Happy. Calm. Healthy. I didn't find it very hard and being sober just felt so right to me. I was grateful that I had finally quit for good and for so long! I was glowing...Then we went skiing. First night went well with an alcohol free cocktail. Then I decided I would have a drink this holiday and not go back to it at home. So that's what I did. Not a major crash off the wagon not a slip of awareness just a conscious decision and then alcohol...Unfortunately (?) I didn't get crazy drunk and no awful things happened. Obviously my tolerance had dropped so on the first night I had genuinely had enough after one large glass of wine. Could this be the start of a new moderating me I naively wondered???..By the end of the skiing holiday all was still well and obviously I had a drink at home on the last night before work because Holiday and then I stopped drinking on the first day back to work which I obviously went into with a hangover. Requested a new badge had new resolve and everything!..But I couldn't keep it up and by the second day I was drinking gin ( don't drink as much of that') and by day 3 my fave ice cold white wine. And it was good! My husband and I had a lovely evening cooking and drinking too much and playing songs for each other like we used to before I quit plonking into bed pissed and giggling. But the arms of the Beast are closing in. As my husband stops after 2 glasses I am now seeking a bit more every night. I have been on last minute trips to the shop for wine and have been hungover at work every single day this week including today. I am back to thinking about alcohol EVERY minute. When can I...? How will I...? What will I...?..The real question I have is: why is it so hard to get my zen back? My angel says it's easy just stop again. My devil says it's not been too bad it's been quite fun there's a boozy party in two weeks 4 months was a great break and I proved enough (?!). These irrational thoughts all crop up in between planning my next session and my rational brain saying WHY!!!! Because having read this Naked Mind and internalised most things I have huge cognitive dissonance. I recognise every trigger every limp rationale to drink and I even recognise that I don't much enjoy the taste of that first glass and then still have it (and 4 more)...I have asked for another badge reset and chosen the weekend to stop again to fly in the face of my devil's argument of  one more bender before ...'. No. One less bender and a weekend of time to myself without a hangover and drinking wonderful hot tea with a few biscuits my sober weekend treat that genuinely gave me so much joy and comfort. And a good sleep. And stop the bloating...I have posted here to make it more real and to steel my resolve. And kind of to warn you too I guess. I read plenty of relapse posts here and thought that would not be me. I felt strong! So here I am cap in hand. IWNDWYT. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Have a listen to the Rachel hart podcast called taking a break from alcohol. You are right about the cognitive dissonance. You might not truly be ready to quit. I did this for quite a while. Eventually I just had enough the negative far outweighed the positives. I look at relapse as building the foundation of sobriety. It takes time to get there but life is easier and better on the other side! Iwndwyt 
we love you. .
Like the other guy said this cycle has been a part for all of us. Eventually you'll come to see (although its obvious you already have) that 1 is too many and a thousand is never enough i dont know who first told me that but i used it 5+ years ago to quit opiates and now 30 days ago to begin my alcohol journey nicotine is next and then ill stop quitting bad habkts and start forming good ones although i already have started plenty.
Hi Yazz as someone who used to live in ski resorts I can testify to the lure of alcohol in resort.  Put it this way many of us went home in May with a bunch more problems than we started the season with.  Having fallen off the wagon plenty myself I'd choose to focus on the positives of having given up for so long. I know you will have learned so much in that time and you definitely haven't failed you've just found out that moderation might not be the answer.  We're here to support you so keep coming back.
Sorry to hear about your relapse but thank you for this reminder of why I can never allow myself to think "oh just one glass of wine since it is a special occasion". ..IWNDWYT.
I've been right there too. I had 18 months of sobriety and it was a special vacation (there was a tiki bar water..) And I decided I could just fall off the wagon for that day. Then it was so easy to just start drinking a little. My tolerance was low and I did moderate for a few weeks....then after that I was back to drinking a bottle of wine most nights. It took me over a year to get back on the wagon but now I know I can't have just one. Ever. Not if I want to live my best life. Let this be a learning experience and just get back on that wagon! You'll be wiser this time round.
Thank you for this. Your rationale sounds exactly like my own lizard brain. I keep thinking that one day I will give in to a  planned  drinking event - like my anniversary or something. Your post gives me pause. My husband and I got married on Valentines Day so I've been thinking I'll have some wine to celebrate when that rolls around. I'll rethink this plan. I quit on 12/3 and had pre-planned drinking days on Xmas and NYE and it went okay. But it's a slippery slope that I probably don't need to put myself through. IWNDWYT 
When you are ready you will quit for good. Please keep coming back!! I will not be drinking with you today  
A person who isn't an alcoholic doesn't think about or rationalize not having a drink in the future in order to have a drink now. Just a thought. 
So glad you're here. You will never regret your sober time!!
