-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ah9wls/regaining_trust_and_taking_back_my_adult_identity/

I've been married for 20 months but my husband and I have been together for almost 12 years - ever since he crashed into a car I was riding in (just a fender-bender but that's another story).  For all but a single fifteen month stretch of that time and a handful of much shorter periods I've been struggling with alcohol. For some reason he's stuck with me through it all (I guess we're both crazy). For the past two years plus I haven't been carrying any cash credit cards or other means of payment - most of the time not even my ID (so that I couldn't go to the bank and get cash) as a measure to prevent me from acquiring alcohol. It's been really tough on both me and my husband. Essentially he's been acting more as my guardian than my partner and I've felt like I've been stripped of my status as an adult with free agency. ..Only in the last three months or so since I really started becoming involved in r/stopdrinking began working with a LADC (licensed alcohol and drug counselor) and began monthly Vivitrol injections have a I made substantial progress. Moreso even than when I had my fifteen-month sober streak I feel like my mindset is finally changing. Before my last reset I had 71 days sober. The reset was the result of a last-ditch one-time alcohol purchase ("let's find out once and for all if alcohol still offers me anything I miss" - result: NO) and I was able to be honest about it with my husband immediately instead of trying to cover it up. So despite the reset my husband has seen enough change in me to trust me with one of my credit cards yesterday. I had an appointment and needed to pay a copayment. In the past couple of months he would have given me a check already made out to the provider or handed me the exact amount of cash I needed and I would have brought back the receipt. Before that I wouldn't have been allowed to go to an appointment without him there to make the payment for me. But yesterday I had the credit card to pay for my appointment. Then on my way to the gym I remembered that I was out of soap for my post-workout shower so I stopped at the drug store (where I often used to buy wine before or after going to the gym) and bought ONLY the shower gel that I needed. Then I enjoyed a great workout and went home to do some schoolwork. No alcohol no broken trust no shame no regrets. To a "normal" person this would seem like the most trivial thing in the world but for me it's a huge victory. My husband can actually *trust me as an equal partner in our relationship again* instead of being my warden. I can't even describe how fantastic that feels after so many months--years really--of alcohol's power over me forcing me into a position where I was infantilized unable to function as an independent adult in even the smallest everyday capacity. I wouldn't give this up for the world--and no f***ing way am I going to let booze take this away from me again!
----------immediate responses--------

This is awesome cat lady! Victories like this build strength! Keep up your awesome attitude! Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
What a great victory! Congrats!.IWNDWYT 
congrats and yes trust takes some time to regain...good news is that being an adult can be a lot of fun. And the things we were futilely trying to get from alcohol come from other sources 
Thanks for sharing!   You got this!  I'm very proud of you!..IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT!!!!
Great Job! Keep it up!
&gt;No alcohol no broken trust no shame no regrets. ..This is a huge victory. I know the amazing feeling of relief from suffering. Good for you in taking charge of your wellbeing and your adult freedom. Awesome. I am staying sober with you today for another day of victory! Peace.
Good work!  My relapses (and there are many) have usually been the result of thinking I could probably handle one and then everything will be better.  Never ever works out that way...I realize now that I will always love getting drunk and I will never be able to control it...IWNDWYT!
Congratulations on your Victory!! I will not be drinking with you today  
Well done you  ... and a high fucking five to your husband. IWNDWYT.
Congrats! How is Vivitrol working out for you?
Looovvveeeee this can totally relate..High five
regaining trust as well.  we will get there.  iwndwyt
