-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aheo1t/i_wish_someone_i_know_irl_would_tell_me_that_they/

I guess it's partly my fault because I tend to isolate and I'm an introvert but I've been really open with my friends and my family about not drinking. Fuck I even freely talk about it to my co-workers. But you know what never happens unless I push the issue or bring it up first? No one has texted/called/Twittered me to say hey "I see you're still not drinking and I'm proud of you!" ..It's not like they don't support me but if I don't bring it up first it's just never discussed. I understand that people are probably wary of discussing it but I'm pretty much an open book to the people who know me well. I also freely talk about my struggles on the social platforms I'm on. Even my roommate who saw me at my lowest and knows I haven't had a sip coming up on a year because I specifically told her it's almost been a year has been silent on the subject unless I bring it up first. ..Everyone has their own shit going on I know and I know I don't deserve any special treatment but an acknowledgment of my struggles and accomplishments over the last year from my friends and my family the people I've known forever and who really supposedly care about me would be really fucking appreciated every now and again. ..I love love love coming here for support and I appreciate you all very much. Thank you for letting me vent. ..And in case no one has told you recently I am so proud of YOU! You are amazing and strong and you're kicking so much ass. I'm proud of you and I hope you're proud of yourself.  ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey you. I am proud of you. ..IWNDWYT 
I'm proud of you! You're almost to an entire year. That's freaking amazing. ..You're AWESOME  
You're killing this Scroopy. This internet stranger is very proud of you!
People without an addiction problem just can't understand what it is still like months or years down the road. ..They just see you as normal you now. ..For the record I am proud of you as well. This can be a tough road to travel and your doing it!
Hey we all need incouragement. coming from family and friends means alot. You will find no shortage here IWNDWYT my friend great job
Go to an AA meeting they will all tell you how proud they are... and mean it. 
Same issue here. I waited a long time for that from the two people. Finally accepted that it was never going happen. It took me along time to finally say screw them if they don't get it. Such a relief. One year will be an awesome accomplishment. Be proud of yourself. You're the one that matters. 
Hi! I'm also very proud of you! I know it's not the same though wanted to say it anyway :) IWNDWYT
It might be that they think bringing it up even a congratulation might be uncomfortable for you. Why don't you tell them you want to celebrate your year of sobriety?  How about you arrange the party?  They might be intoverted and shy and don't want to be nosy.  IWnDWYT
I am proud of you!..AND your imminent celebrated Solar Sober Circumnavigation!
Proud of you!! Coming up on one year that's incredible! 
For me only 2 friends will say anything to me. One is also sober after issues much the same as mine. The other has a son who fought through opioid addiction so understands. My husband just thinks anyone with a problem is pathetic so no understanding from him. I think if you feel able to express this to your friends/family it might help them to know how to to approach you. Or as BigPoodle wrote: throw yourself a celebration and invite them. I know it seems odd to ask for praise but I think others feel nervous about saying the wrong thing especially about what may seem like a sensitive topic. Of course all of us here know how hard the fight is and are proud of you:) I hope you do something special for yourself to honor your year of effort. You deserve it :)
Wow - this resonates. I just realized I'm in the same boat! I don't talk about it to my coworkers and I have no friends. My husband still drinks and has cut down by default - but really is taking no joy in me not drinking. I said to him an hour ago  Hey I haven't had anything alcohol for 18 days!  Literally no response. I said it again cause he had his face in his phone and I thought he didn't hear me. Response:  Well you do you honey.   
Acceptance...One of my big struggles has been simple acceptance of the things that I cannot change. ..Daily that struggle to accept what I cannot change brings relief and peace...Sometimes I struggle with recognising which things I can change and which things I just have to accept as they are...I would love to take credit for having these wonderful thoughts all by myself but I think that someone came up with them before me  ..Huge congratulations my friend on your wonderful sober journey    
