-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahhgcd/relapsed_bad/

Sooo I was 9 days no smoking or drinking. I was doing so well and committed. Switched them for exercise to keep me occupied. Then we had a work function with bar tab. I planned to go and not drink 100% with every fibre of my being; then as soon as I got there I got a drink!! Like I had no control over my self. Then I ended up in the city with others drinking messaged my ex; rang half the country &amp; hardly remember anything. Just txt a colleague to recap &amp; see if I was ok behaviour wise - pending reply. Man I hate this feeling I hate how I just ruined my sobriety streak I hate how I always get sucked back in I hate how I have no control and literally cannot be around it. Why is this so hard!! Everybody else can stop at 1-2 but for me I can't stop or even be in the vicinity of it..
----------immediate responses--------

Most people don't just stop like 1-2. It isn't easy for most people to stop imo.  ..Try not to get down on yourself and just do the right thing the next day. Come up with a game plan for the next event. It is going to happen. ..Hope this helps. Good luck!
I don't stop after the first drop that's why I don't start...Nice work on 9 days! You can get right back to it!
My mind lies to me regularly...&gt;Everybody else can stop at 1-2..Lie...You have 150000 close friends right here who can confirm it's a lie...About a billion people across the globe share the same condition...So for me the question is what do I choose in the face of the lies my mind tells me?
I'm the same! One is always too many I was a mess 6 days ago! Felt so sick no energy it makes me feel like giving up. But the thing is I don't want to ruin my life anymore I want to wake up happy everyday! I do the same when drunk ring everyone and post silly things on social media its a bad joke!! Jump back on the sober wagon friend  its worth me being sober :-) iwndwyt
Don't beat yourself up friend. You did 9 days and that's not nothing. ..I really really had a hard time right before and after my two week mark. There's no way I would have made it though a boozy work party. Pick yourself up and knock off the dust...we CAN beat this thing!
Be kind to yourself. You are here. Tomorrow is a new day and we all have your back. You can do this! 
No not everyone can stop at 1or 2 we can't that's why we're here we have problems..New day new you sober Saturday and keep it rolling..IWNDWYT or tomorrow
9 days is pretty good!  I remember when 3 days felt like I was a completely changed person.  This Summer I was making it 15 to 25 days with a one day / time fuck up resetting it each time.  Even though it was only one day of drinking resetting my badge and the accountability seemed important...My point here is that after a few months and a few resets the 22 days I'm at now seem like just another beginning; it gets A LOT easier my friend...Learn from the experience pick up and drive on.
I had 13 days and then went to a work conference and drank 4 days in a row. I too had zero plan on drinking and then I just ordered wine and didn't stop for 4 days! I'm back to day 1 and hate that I do this to myself! IWNDWYT! Sober and happy is so much better than drunk misery!
Stopping was a process for me  It sounds like you have the desire to quit. Just keep trying. 
Work functions are hard.  They really are difficult.  Your coworkers know you as a drinker maybe you are with new business associates who want to buy you a drink and almost put the drink right in your hand.  ..Over time my coworkers have seen me pass on drinking.  I've gotten better at turning down drinks or ordering something non-alcoholic.  I  don't think that you relapsed badly you lapsed for one night.  Today is a new day and IWNDWYT.
It sucks.  I know it. But lessons can be learned and pitfalls avoided in the future.  ..I had to slow way down in order to sustain a life of sobriety.  I had to learn when to say "no" when to set limits and boundaries.  The first few months I'd show up to every party with a 12 pack of soda water and a thermos of coffee in my car and I'd tell the host beforehand that I had double booked and could only stay and hour.  I just needed to take it easy and dip my toe in and get used to not drinking for awhile.  ..You can quit drinking.  It does take some planning and tools to pull it off in my experience.
Don't be too hard on yourself. 9 days of not drinking is great for your health. Maybe aim for 10 next time :)
Take it more seriously next time...The cry face emoji doesn't really indicate that you are serious about making a change...I've realized that a big part of me stopping is taking myself seriously in the pursuit of sobriety.
Many a successful quit is built on the foundation of a lot of slips and relapses. Not to say that it's not important to get up and back on that horse but it's equally important to learn from our mistakes. Don't let this slip go wasted and not examine what led to your actions not following your intentions. You'll get there! You have a lot of people in your corner at SD.    IWNDWYT 
