-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahjcbb/i_did_something_and_im_not_sure_if_its_good_or_bad/

I've never actually been here this subreddit. So thank you for having me (I will return now that I've discovered it). But I have something I need to get off my chest...&amp;#x200B;..I've been working with an addictions counselor for a few months now trying to plan my sobriety from alcohol and some other substances but the main topic is alcohol since it's been a big part of my life since I was 14. Almost 30 now. Anyway we are close to me giving up alcohol. Looking into medication to help with cravings and ensuring the support is in place...&amp;#x200B;..But the other day I did something Id call crazy..  .I was in a meeting with my boss. I don't see my boss in person very often we work in different offices him in the US myself in Canada. I had learned my boss didn't drink alcohol and also knew it wasn't for religious reasons or something similar that was obvious. So in a one on one meeting with him I asked if I could explain briefly why I had so many doctor's appointments (seeing a psychiatrist and the counsellor every 2-3 weeks). I mentioned I was seeing a psychiatrist and he recommended that I quit drinking alcohol.. said this very casually. Because in the back of my head I knew there was a chance that my boss also quit drinking at some point. I was right. He immediately admitted to understanding what quitting alcohol meant and went on to tell me he is an alcoholic and still attends AA once or twice a week. Our meeting turned into a discussion on this.. it got pretty deep. He told me stories of waking up and drinking and drinking at work. I then felt comfortable and also admitted I do need help and that even though I have cleaned up a bit at my low points I was also drinking at work. We went on talking for a bit about what it's like and how others can't usually understand the struggle/situation. In the end he gave me his personal cell number... by texting mine (not totally sure how he got it but I assume employee information somewhere). This doesn't bother me for the record.  But he gave me his number and said I could call him whenever no matter how late etc. I just want to point out my boss is yes married with children but I also believe he is very sincere and wants to help me not take advantage of the situation. What happened next was I texted him that night asking questions about how he actually took the leap to stop. I'm sure most reading this understand how easy it is to tell yourself you're stopping this time... and then doing that hundreds of times. That is what I'm doing. Mixed with the worry of spending my 30th birthday sober. Anyway we casually texted for an hour or so about what getting sober means and the mindset of it. I texted him knowing he was in town in a hotel not at home with his family. Anyway work the next day was a little awkward but he left early to catch a flight. And then today he was back in his regular office and all business when we spoke through our chat thing.. which is normal...&amp;#x200B;..The crazy part is.. my boss now knows I could possibly fall into a place where I'm drinking at work. Possibly thinks I've called in sick because of alcohol. He's also the only person I know who really understands and is someone I would love to be able to question and speak to regularly. I just cant stop thinking about how Id love to text him and have him as a friend and a supporter... but I dont because he's at home with his family and my boss.....&amp;#x200B;..tldr told my boss I need to quit drinking he admitted he's an alcoholic and now I'm very scared and sad about the future as his employee
----------immediate responses--------

This is a unique situation. The information is out there now. It doesn't necessarily have to be bad - there's a huge incentive for accountability on your part now. I think this could be a positive for you.
Your boss sounds like a wonderful person.  As you noted he told you he attended AA once or twice a week.  I don't think he would be telling you this unless he was interested in your well-being.  
I think if I were in this situation I would limit how much I leaned on my boss for support.  For a variety of reasons.  If you end up in AA you can probably get a sponsor there (but of course that's another choice to be made wisely!).  Not that you can never talk to your boss about it again but in general I think it's almost too personal to share something that intense and intimate with my boss.  That might just be me and that might be appropriate in your situation.  
I am much older than you and so perhaps a little bit more beaten down and wary of things...I think that your boss sounds like a great guy and it is wonderful that he created a space for you to confide and that he was so supportive of you...However (here comes the bring wary bit) he is your boss he is married and he has kids. You are a young woman going through stuff. ..I completely understand the attraction of this situation....he's in a hotel...not with his family...texted for an hour.....Mind yourself protect your sobriety nice guy &amp; supportive however I would suggest not what is needed for you right now in your sober journey...Sending you strength and peace  
My boss is a recovering alcoholic and recognized the symptoms in me.  It's been ok if not awkward sometimes and It does make me uncomfortable at times especially in the periods that I drink again.  But at this point it is what it is and from what I've learned here is most recovering alcoholics want to help.   If anything it adds another layer of stress when I do binge out and another reason not to do it.  
