-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahl5vg/one_year_and_ever_looking_back/

One year ago I decided to quit drinking. I was in a dark place and  after 20+ years of constant partying something needed to change. ..I always had it in the back of my mind that maybe it's the booze causing my anxiety issues depression weight struggles lack of motivation and other physical issues but I didn't think I could live life without drinking. ..All of my friends drink everything I did in life involved drinking. The anxiety that came with the thoughts of stopping drinking were overwhelming. ..With the help from stories and advice posted to this sub I was able to make the decision to take my life back. It wasn't easy took so much work but here I am. One full year. ..My life one year later is so amazing. Every aspect has improved. My health relationships and career. ..It is definitely a self discovery journey that no one else can do for you. I learned so much this past year about myself. I took my life back and I will never allow booze to take it over again. ..Besides this subreddit resources that were helpful in my journey include: .- This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. Great book and I now listen to her podcast weekly. .- Recovery Elevator podcast is great. .- The book Alcohol Explained is eye opening (the human body just isn't meant to consume the poison ethanol!). .- Headspace (meditation app) has been huge. I meditate daily and it has done wonders. .- Therapy: if you have health insurance go see a therapist. I did for 5 or so months and it was so incredibly helpful. I was able to unpack why I drank and discover so much about myself that I buried with drinking. ..Thank you to everyone for posting your stories resources words of encouragement and struggles. It is so helpful and was huge motivation for me this past year. ..I won't drink with you tonight or ever again! How about a cup of tea instead?  :) ...
----------immediate responses--------

*     *      H A P P Y   B I R T H D A Y !     *    * 
Congratulations on a year of self improvement. It sounds like it came natural to you once you put the alcohol away. I'm happy we're free to grow now that alcohol isn't interfering.  I'll take a cup of coffee but yes... I raise that coffee cup for you and your year today.
A great thing to read first thing in the morning! Thanks and congratulations!
Congratulations and thanks for sharing your..Tips for Sober Living...Good stuff!..iwndwyt
Congratulations you are inspirational to me!! I will not be drinking with you today   Have a Great day and may you have many many more sober years to come!!
Congrats to you and your new normal!! 
