-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahqc24/i_cant_sober_bartend/

So I'm 32 I've drank heavily for as long as I can remember. Last year is when the wheels fell off... What the hell is this I'm shaking my heart rate the bad fast food made me throw up. My first signs I went to the ER... "Stop drinking you're gonna die" what? This is the first time this has happened to me fuck that back to drinking after 3 days of taking benzos... I feel dizzy throw up at work head home research... Fuck that shit stays in your system a long time and makes drinking even worse for you. Curse the medical system stop taking the pills and back on the wagon. ..Then again fuck what the hell? Should I just go die I can't go out with friends anymore and have fun ?  Take a week off drinking 7th day whoa I can go out and watch my dog play with other dogs and see the sun cool. Drink to celebrate I can fucking be sober... Nope. Then last night I work at a pretty busy bar lots of beautiful women and when they look at you and say "can I buy you a shot?" It's like the law came in and said you better do it with a gun to your head. 1 fine fuck it haaahh cheers never see you again. 15 later at a friend's bar 5 am after hours fuck it hit the point of no return now. ..Get home hide my drunkness from my SO sleep I'll be fine. Again nope currently im sitting on the floor wanting to just throw my self in the river but the dog likes me and I feed him that's pretty much the only thing right now that gets my mind off how terrible I feel. I'm trying to rally drink water I have another long shift tonight I'm hoping I don't fucking drink but I know come 1 am I need it after the 50th asshole waves his card at me demanding attention as I'm trying to take care of the other people. I'm close to telling them I quit the owner is a personal friend and knows I been struggling with sobriety but I rightly have no idea what I'd do without this job. ..Idk why I'm typing this I guess for some kind of validation maybe someone else went through this but I'm out of ideas. I never really post I never really bother. But you guys seem to be doing something right so what the hell... 
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't bartend. Unemployment is pretty low right now you might be able to find something else...But anyway welcome.
[removed]
Didn't you ever watch Coyote Ugly?  Do what those strippers did when customers wanted to buy them drinks.
