-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahs8ld/at_inlaws_house_who_has_a_full_stocked_bar_for/

I decided in the beginning of this run that with my spouse's blessing and help I was not going to keep any alcohol in our house at all and that's worked out great in terms of keeping me from sleeping so far along with medications I was prescribed. Only one weekend we had an out of town visit to and in-laws house one state over and well he's not a heavy drinker he does keep a fully stocked bar that he barely touches. (A completely foreign concept to me how somebody could do that which is probably relatable to many here)...Everyone else went out to make a grocery run well I was hoping to prep dinner and I found myself alone staring down the bottles. I actually ended up unscrewing the cap on one very nice older scotch he had sitting at the front of the cabinet opened it SMELLED it and even picked up the bottle with the brief intention of pouring just a  finger  into a glass to down really quickly and then move on like nothing it happened. ..Thankfully I tried with the full force of all my mental acuity to force all the alarm bells and red flags into my mind and I successfully set the bottle back down and screw the cap back on went upstairs and basically closed the door to the bathroom and cried because the temptation was so strong...I made an excuse to leave the house for something else and went by a gas station and bought a cigarillo and smoked it by myself on a park bench just to get the feeling out of my system that I had done  something naughty  and that I could move on (I quit smoking years ago in favor of just occasionally vaping)...The streak remains unbroken so far and other people are in the house with me again including my spouse who knows why I'm not drinking and can help keep me accountable but I'm terrified with how close of a call that was despite everything I've told myself and despite everything I've done this time. I'm so thankful for this community and that my badge remains in tact and I only have 48 more hours to stick it out here before going back home. ..Thank you all for reading and thank you all for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job at being able to stop and deal with that craving!! I think you've proved to yourself how strong you are. Yes it would have been great if there was no alcohol in the house but the reality remains we will find ourselves in these positions unless we lock ourselves in our homes and we must we work through it. You should be so PROUD!! IWNDWYT!!
thank you for sharing.  Great for you!  You have it within you keep resisting that first drink!  Keep coming back for support!  Hang in there We Are With You! IWNDWYT
Keeping a physical distance between alcohol and myself is the best (and to be honest only) way I have overcome temptation. I even take a different entrance to the Supermarket that keeps me away from the wine section. .However I know I am privileged in this regard and most others do not have this luxury. Spouses drink alcohol is a common group / party setting. ..So mad respect to you for screwing that cap back on! You WILL make it through this - and will smile ear to ear tomorrow when you realize how strong you are. Hang in there tough it out and remember why you started in the first place. Please post again tomorrow telling us of your success! Good luck! I will join you in NOT drinking today.
We're with ya. Stay strong!
