-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahwarn/messed_up_again/

A little over 4 years ago after a period of having lied to my wife for two years about drinking in secret I came clean to her before she found out. Of course she felt betrayed but she allowed me to clean myself up and stay at home with my kids...I did great for over two years when I fooled myself into thinking that I could start drinking again. It wasn't bad at first but after about a year and a half I started compromising again pouring myself heavy drinks and getting extra rounds during parties until i started drinking in secret from the bottle again a few months ago. ..This time I got caught. I had had a particularly stressful day and had several drinks straight from the bottle while i was home with my youngest daughter and my wife was at a nearby friend's house with our older daughter. She suddenly texts me asking me to drive over and drop off some stuff. Stupid me I drove the 4 or 5 blocks over there with my daughter where they offered me a beer and i shared part of a mixed drink with my wife. I then drove home with my daughter had another swig from the bar and put my youngest to bed and went to bed myself. ..My wife came home a few minutes later and by the time she got to our bedroom i was pretty much passed out in the bed and incoherent. she checked our camera footage and saw me drinking from the bar.  She flipped out and went back further to see me drinking in secret over the weekend multiple times. ..Now the first time this happened and i came clean she told me that i could never do this to her again particularly the lying. I can't believe i am so damn stupid to revert and do this to her and my family. Now she wants me out of the house and i don't know what is in our future.  Not only did i lie to her again but i put our daughter at risk by driving intoxicated. I don't care if it was just a few blocks through quiet neighborhood streets... it was stupid and irresponsible and thank God nothing happened. ..Now i will have to move back in with my parents nearby while i try to figure things out and try to sort myself out. This all went down 4 days ago and i have gone cold turkey since then which brought on some withdrawal symptoms but nothing too serious. I feel like i have just pissed away a great life for no good reason and i am really struggling right now with crushing guilt and shame. i adore my kids and i cannot believe i was so irresponsible. My wife is great and i can't believe i back-slid to the extent that i was back to my old habits of drinking and lying again. ..I am talking to a counselor and trying to take care of myself by drinking lots or water and trying to eat healthy but i am at my rock bottom. Part of me wants to believe that if i can work on myself and try to make up the damage to my wife somehow that there is a chance i could come back home but now i am not so sure. My wife doesn't believe anything i tell her (understandably so). ..This is all my fault and i am willing to accept responsibility for my stupid choices and actions. I just don't know what to do or say right now as i feel like i am living in a horrible nightmare. ..Any advice or input is welcome. 
----------immediate responses--------

My story is pretty similar to yours and last time I drank I was pretty sure that was the end. I don't think that my wife realised the hold alcohol had over me. I asked her to go to marriage councelling with me with someone who has experience with alcohol problems and she agreed. I then started going to AA. I'm lucky in that there was still enough left to try and save the relationship. It is possible to work it out in some cases it is difficult though. Good luck friend. IWNDWYT
I'm sorry you are in this situation.  I know a lot of us know the hold alcohol can have on us.  I think the stumbling block is that we think after a bit of sober time we have our problem licked that we have the power to control our drinking.  It's been my experience that once we lose our "off switch" trying to moderate our drinking is just not an option...It's hard to explain to people who can drink "responsibly" that having a bar in the house or a casual drink with friends can set off a drinking episode that keeps going until we pass out...*Alcohol Explained* by William Porter explains the science behind alcohol addiction.  It would be a worthwhile read for you and your wife...As far as the relationship I would stop drinking.  And hope she can forgive you.
I went to AA surrendered worked on my problems made amends and continue to go to AA some time later. I know I can never safely drink again. That notion has been smashed. 
