-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahxe3p/dry_january_ups_and_downs_any_advice_on_friends/

This year I decided to do dry January on the flip of a coin. I don't think there was a single day in December that I didn't drink and while I don't think I was a cause for concern by volume I was beginning to fear that I was heavily dependent on drinking to deal with anxiety and I wasn't capable of relaxing without it. ..Every day I would crave a drink when I got home from work to relax. It was about 50-50 whether I drank or not each day and when I didn't I felt miserable. When on vacation or not at work my day revolved around when and what I would drink and at Christmas my constant objective was how to drink as much as possible - the sense of relief when I parked up in my car and realised I didn't have to drive again until after Christmas - I could drink whenever I wanted! I was slowly becoming self aware of how dangerous these thoughts were and realised dry January might be an interesting acid test. I had been at this level of drinking for a little while but I don't think anyone close to me had realised and of course they could never know how much alcohol was in my head even if I wasn't going on massive drinking benders all the time. ..Dry January so far has been a revelation. I got through the first week purely fueled by my own sense of disgust at my drinking over Christmas but over the last couple of weeks it's been replaced by a real sense of calm and well-being. It's so clear now that the drug I was drinking to release my anxiety and stress was actually causing it and that every drink I took was pushing me further into a trap of anxiety and irritability. I wasn't the 'beer aficionado' I thought I was I was just an addict to alcohol.  ..I never thought this feeling would come so quickly or with such clarity but I have a profound sense that I never want another drink. The problem is I'm worried people might not think I'm 'me' anymore - I was having a meal with a loved one the other day who was drinking (I have no problem with that) who said to me 'this drink is amazing after January you'll have to try it'. I replied simply that I was thinking of going a whole year without alcohol and their response wasn't 'That's amazing! good for you' it was more one of disappointment and concern. ..Now this isn't someone who would ever pressure others into drinking and it's not someone I would ever 'drop' from my life in a million years. They also don't have an alcohol problem themselves in fact they're the archetypal 'can take or leave one or two drinks every now and then' person. ..It's clear that they associated me drinking with being a fun and laid-back person - I am naturally quite uptight so they clearly thought alcohol pulled out a different side of me. I know that a lot of this is an illusion but if you're a quiet person how do you bring out that fun and laid back side of you again? Lots of people in my life come to me because I can make them laugh and because supposedly I'm good at chilling out - I don't want to lose that even though I now know I can't go back to drinking. ..Sorry for the essay I had to get all of these thoughts down in full as I have been struggling to come to terms with a lot of my thoughts relating to alcohol. Any advice you have for me would be really appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had some pushback like this from people in my life when I stopped drinking.  ..I wasn't in a scenario where people were worried about me or told me I needed to stop.  I didn't have any legal troubles.  Everyone thought I was just fun to party with and now I was being weird by quitting.  ..Those same people now (5yrs later) come to me when they are feeling fucked up and out of sorts emotionally.  Not necessarily with help to stop drinking but they've grown to appreciate the new thing that has replaced the old thing.  ..People will grieve over the version of you that went away before they can properly appreciate the new version.  It just takes time.  
I'm an introvert  alcohol didn't make me relax it made me act against my nature and surprise surprise I ended up living a life I hated and I needed to drink just to get through the day.  I had to change everything.  ..I do non drinking activities with my friends the true ones stuck with me and I  do those activities during the week it makes the not drinking question easier to answer.  .. And have I have weekend excuse I wake up early every morning to exercise...Good luck  
I think at some point we each have to be ok with this new person that is being created as a result of not being the funny drinking guy anymore. You will learn new ways of being that funny laid back person but in my experience the absence of alcohol means I need to find a new way to de-stress let go and get there without drinking.  Be patient and give yourself space to figure this out. The close friends will get on board and the ones that don't won't make it long term and that's ok. 
Can always drop a little CBT belief disputing on them. Most of the fun had nothing to do with the alcohol. It was the camaraderie the conversations the games watching sports playing golf whatever. In terms of cost-benefit drinking has a huge cost to it that most find unacceptably high. The final point I remember is that I am not a dancing monkey for their entertainment. It may have been fun for them but it wasn't fun for me. In fact it was downright miserable.
[removed]
Once I got through the initial discomfort of socializing without booze I discovered that quite a lot of my drinking persona was still present if I was feeling relaxed. It takes a little time to feel relaxed when sober and socializing but it happens eventually.
What I had noticed on my sober journey is that alcohol doesn't make me funnier or more laid back.  It just lowers my inhibitions which I might have to work at a bit on my own but is still something that I can do with practice.  I imagine that you can do the same thing if you really want to. You might find that most of your laid back and fun personality that you associate with alcohol is really just a sortof self hypnosis that gives you an excuse to let down your guard.  I was able to find that same frame of mind and slip into it when I want and then right back out when thinks get seriuos or I need to safely drive home. I bet you can too with a bit of practice.  Maybe not that much. People who never drink do this same thing all the time with different excuses such as its late at night or they are with a particular friend that brings it out of them.
When you quit drinking you enter sort of a cocoon phase where you sort out who you are without drinking and who you want to be without alcohol holding you down. ..The cocoon is very important! During this time I highly recommend protecting the cocoon understanding it's not forever but super necessary for now. ..It personally took me about 3 months before I felt okay being around drinkers again and probably 6 months before I felt super confident in not apologizing for not drinking anymore. And not feeling like I was missing out on anything. ..Eventually you will make sober memories probably with drinking people doing stuff you used to do and when you wake up the next day sober you will realize that it wasn't the alcohol that made any of it fun in the past you just happened to be drinking when you were doing x y z social fun thing. For me it's techno shows. I thought that phase of my life would be totally over when I quit drinking but once I got comfortable in my sobriety I started going out dancing all night again. I truly don't feel like I'm missing out on anything by drinking. ..I guess my point is that maybe I WAS not fun in my cocoon phase but you do come out the other side of it the same but slightly different. To a place where you can be a fun person and do fun stuff and not drink. But you can't rush it.
