-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahxpxl/i_relapsed_and_the_future_is_bright/

4 days. That's how long my streak lasted. That may seem like absolutely nothing but after 2 years of drinking almost everyday I feel more determined then ever... Those four days felt like a real goal a real tangible accomplishment. And ya know what? I decided to give in. And that's okay. I had a couple glasses of wine and that was enough for me. No drunken regrets no hangover no weird heart palpitations. I'm sad I had to start my streak over but I'm just proud I had a streak at all. I'm relearning self-control and self-love and naturally slip-ups happen. Learning triggers is important. Learning discipline is important. It isn't done in a day and you never stop learning; but for the first time in two years I genuinely feel ready to challenge myself and my addictions. ..Thank you all for inspiring me everyday. .Let the new streak begin....IWDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds to me like you've just leveled up! Keep being courageous in your self-love. For me that's the heart of this particular fight.
My sober attempt before this current one lasted 13 days. Then I had a weekend of white-knuckling moderation and then a super crappy awful embarrassing drinking weekend to follow. Found myself so physically exhausted and ill that I considered checking in to urgent care. That almost-urgent care day became my Day 1 this time around and the clarity I feel is so so so welcome. .Can't moderate. Don't even want to. Too hard. Too stressful. Happier now! .I believe you can be happier too! 
I remember when I first started flirting with sobriety. My very first streak lasted 96 hours my record after a year and a half. And even when I did crack and buy some wine I made a banana cake before opening the bottle because I wanted to do it sober...You wanna know where I went next?..8 days..12 days..20 days..Currently waiting to wake on Day 21. ..Each streak got better and better. Get right back on it.
I'm reflecting now on my relapse this weekend. Made it 17 days this time.  I've now drank the last three nights.  Not to excess but the closer I get to alcohol the harder it is to say  no .   Hate this struggle and I have goals to be healthier present and not ruled by habits/addictions.  ..I have to want to move forward and progress more than the status quo.  ..Good luck to you and all of us in the struggle. .Community surely helps. Knowing we are not alone in this challenge. iWNDWYT
I failed many times before I got on a path that I could maintain. It happens. Just take the things that worked and avoid whatever led you astray. ..When you get past 4 days start telling yourself that you're on your longest streak. Starting over isn't worth going back...Good luck! It is possible I'm proof  
You are more courageous than me..Keep up the good work.....
The more genuine that feeling becomes ...the longer and stronger you will be. Once a person has a strong enough "WHY" behind not drinking (or doing anything for that matter) it's pretty much going to happen. 100% mindset...you can do this.
It's a lifelong process brotha! Took me 5 tries to get it and I'm still working on it daily. Everyday for the rest of our lives. The beginning is tough. It's not just your physical body but also your mind. It gets easier over time. Try to get connected. Go to some meetings and find people who are going/gone through what you are now. Your doing great! Keep up the hard work 
Relapsing doesn't mean you lose the period of sobriety you had because you still have all that you gained/learned from it. Trying again is a mark of strength and the best way to ensure that you keep what you gained.  
Way to go! Get back after it...You figured something out very early in that takes some of us a lot longer - there is no "one drink every now and again and controlling it."..There are only two choices: spiral back in to the same bad habits or stop again! And you did it! Good work.
Keep up the good fight. It gets easier. I focused on many levels of change because there are several. Staying positive...Read that story about Theresa McGovern who died 24 years ago. It was not a good ending. She went through detox 68 times in 4 years and several rehabs. Alcohol just isn't worth it. There are many levels to stay in the good path. I read a huge chart on that today as I relapsed after 9 years just this past couple of weeks. I know why it happened but I'm back on the horse. This is an ongoing daily thing. Too many stressors got to me.
You can do it.  I've had so many failed attempts that lasted under 48 hours.  Get right back in the saddle and start again!  You have such a positive attitude by the way!  
A short win! Not a short loss. Keep in up! You can do it
