-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahzuv3/5060_year_olds/

I'm seeing a lot of posts from younger folks in their 20s/30s - which is great (in that they are questioning this so early). But I have a hard time identifying. I'm curious about older people who have experienced a turnaround in health or job or family life issues by quitting alcohol. I've had some health issues come up and I'm pretty sure they're related to drinking. I quit on Dec. 3 (with 2 interruptions for Xmas and NYE) and am struggling a bit now to keep the long-range benefits in mind. I haven't experienced the  pink cloud  either - just feel like I'm plodding along and not yet reaping any benefits besides a few lbs lost. My brain still feels dull and foggy. Still tired. Mornings feel the same except without headaches. Every day is Groundhog Day. Any thoughts? 
----------immediate responses--------

I am 53 -- I quit when I was 49. Being sober has meant the difference between night and day in my life -- although I understand that sobriety isn't all puppies and rainbows. However I am determined that the second half of my life is going to be better than the first -- and so far it is by a long shot.
Hopefully you will get some traffic to this post- it's important that people in that age bracket hear from others of the same age and hear how struggles with alcohol have affected them at that stage of life. 
I am 56.  Been reducing stopping and starting for almost 3 years a bottle plus a day of wine habit. My sleep has improved a lot.  My mood is better too.  I'd get to feeling really sorry for myself sitting on the couch drinking wine.  I'm really aiming for a tone body and good health.  I am eating really clean taking whole food supplements and doing some fasting too.  I feel great.  I have yet to force myself to go to the gym.  That is the next quest.  IWNDWYT
I'm in my late 40's. There have been more than a couple of posts like yours asking for the  older  crowd to say hi   we are here!..I also love to see people in their 20's especially coming here to say they are stopping drinking. Wish I had done so. ..For me in terms of health I have lost over 40 pounds that was ALL due to drinking a bottle and a half or two of wine a night for years. It's hard to tell what else has changed bc I'm going through other  life changes  if you know what I mean. But I need every tool in my arsenal to fight the middle age influx of issues and quitting alcohol has made me feel SO much better. 
47 here chronologically. Biologically you can probably add a decade to that. ..Since you've been off the bottle for a while it might be a good idea to check back in with your healthcare provider to see if there's anything that *isn't* alcohol related going on. Other aspects of diet lifestyle/exercise and such can all benefit from having a look at...If the brain's a bit foggy have you tried learning something new? Even revising what we knew way back when knowing things was easier can be surprising. (I've found there can be some shocking moments looking over some old school books where I can even remember what it felt like to be young!)
What helps me with my struggle with alcohol and feeling energetic and genuinely happy is cutting out carbs.  Maybe give it a try and see if it helps. It also helps in not craving alcohol. I have a twin and keto does the same thing for her. It's night and day for us.  R/keto 
Hi Vera I'm 62 quit when I was 59.  Marriage an family relationships on the rocks physically and mentally beat.  I was functioning until I wasn't.  I've been able to mend those relationships.  I have no desire to return to my dark side.  I really cherish good sleep and no hangovers.  I've gotten involved with yoga which has given me a more positive outlook on life and myself.  I really thought I was living when I was drinking reflecting back nothing was farther from the truth.  Peace of mind being present and mental clarity is where it's at for me now.  Be patient and grow into your sobriety.  Best wishes on your recovery.
I'm 51 and been sober on &amp; off for 10 years..My AA home group is at 10AM so most folks are retired and there is a whole lotta sobriety in that room!
Late 40s here; there are definitely some middle age and up people here.  We are just in bed by 10 ha...I read an article in the WSJ last year about alcohol abuse and older Americans.  The article was about how middle-aged adults can struggle with elderly parents who have drinking problems.  I'd link the article but WSJ is subscription based only.  Some of the details were riveting...* The number of Americans age 65+ who abuse alcohol is projected to double to 5.7 million by 2021.   Double..* The demographic group (age and marital status) with the highest rate of alcoholism in the US: widows/widowers over the age of 75.   Loneliness is destructive.  .* One third of adult children who suspect one or both of their parents have a drinking problem are afraid to talk to the drinker about it...Alcohol abuse isn't only a young person's problem.   Alcohol doesnt spare any demographic.  It doesnt help an empty-nester feel better any more than it makes a bachelor party or a date more meaningful...The WSJ article went on to say how much damage can occur to a child being raised by a problem drinker; how it really can impact the child's future as a parent.
Hi u/vera2020 .I am 54 years old and have suffered with alcoholism for many many years. I have been sober for six months. Sobriety however has come with a great cost.  I have lost my medical license. My drivers license. And now have a felony charge on my record. I am now faced with the daunting task of reinventing myself. I am grateful that God has removed the compulsion from me to drink. I just need to keep the faith that he to will rebuild my future for his glory and my good..
I'm 69 and stopped the same day you did. No DUI drama or family bust-up. I just became sick and tired of being sick and tired. Two bottles of wine nightly will do that to you...Will I heal? I figure after 40 years of heavy drinking the toll on my body will take sometime to recover as much as it is able...There are some benefits already. I sleep better now though it was much worse at first. My skin is less dry and here's one: my sense of smell is better..I indulged any food / candy urge in the first month. Anything. After a major 4-week sugar rush I started a 5:2 LCHF diet. Two weeks in and I am enjoying it so far. It seems to help my blood pressure as much as anything. 10lb / 4kg weight loss helps too...I still feel a bit dull and foggy like you but I am less anxious. I am procrastinating less. I feel optimistic and pleased to be in control of my day rather than a substance be in control...I have not had one urge to drink. My SO drinks still. I can even pour them for her no issue. I can't explain it but it IS different this time for me. I don't feel I have given up something; I'm gaining many things instead...I think the benefits will keep coming given time.
Hi Vera I am 58F...The biggest positive changes that I have experienced are massive decrease in anxiety &amp; so no longer on anxiety meds. Much better sleep - fabulous! My skin has also improved as has my overall humour...Much more energy bolstered by taking a multi vit and regular exercise. A good walk four days a week &amp; reformer pilates 2 days. I have started my training for a charity and look forward to that volunteering work starting when the training is complete. I also work and now get my hair and nails done regularly...I have lost about 18lbs (despite an early days reliance on ice cream) and have joined a weight loss programme. I read sober books listen to sober podcasts and try to remember to meditate. I read reply and post on here every day. I learn something new every day...On the not so great side I have felt overwhelmed and pretty angry at times. I have concerns over primary relationships in my life which I will have to address without wine. ..Drawing on lots of pieces of advice from here I decided to do a mind map to help me look at the main areas of my life decide which one's need most attention and to come up with some plans for action. That is a work in progress...I had a really tough day yesterday as I struggled with situations that I have allowed to drift for far too long as it was easy to do so with a bottle of wine inside me every night. I am strongly thinking of looking for a good therapist to support me...I also did all the health stuff - dentist bloods cancer screenings. I'm looking forward to getting my bloods done again in March and a liver scan - hopefully there will be positives there too...I hope that this (very long  ) post gives you a couple of ideas to think about for yourself. Congratulations on your days of sobriety    
[removed]
60 in a a few months divorced three children...Knowing I'll be around for them for longer is a great impetus...though I do need to finally lose the cancer sticks too...I plan on working after retirement age also...As others have said it take a few months for our tired old bods to be cleansed and that joie de vivre to really kick in again.
60 @ 61...feel better generally way less to no anxiety.  Much better sleep.  Cannot help but think my liver is thanking me.  IWNDWYT!!!
Hi Vera....I'm 52 will be 53 in a couple months.  Only 4 days in so not much to offer as far as answering your question other than I am relishing the feeling of my heart not exploding in my chest at nights.  I hope you follow up on your health issues...so many things for women of our age that can go wonky (thyroid menopause etc).   I wish you the best....please hang in there.
Hola .I am 58 and drank and smoked dope for 40 years.. Damn i did the math twice  hard to believe.  Anyway i quit the weed 4 years ago for a new job and i think that was harder than alcohol...I started going to Church last year and decided i wanted to be Baptized.  But i figured out that God didn't want a drunk Soberisa so i quit.  I made it for 3 months before i relapsed all summer...I now have almost 3 months thank you!  Waking up now i thank God every day for freeing me.  I feel 200% better.  I still feel depressed now and then like any normal person.  And i am still trying to learn how to live a sober life.  I am trying to figure out how to give back.  I think part of recovery is helping others.  Im just not sure how...Anyway one day at a time i think thats the key.  Good luck!
I stopped drinking last year at 59 and will be 60 next month (eek!!). I didn't really even drink until my late 20s and it didn't become a crutch until I was in my 50s. I think most people here have gone through a lot of the same stuff -- just at different times in our lives. I admire people in their 20s and 30s who can recognize that they have a problem and deal with it. I'm not sure that anything has "turned around" as you put it but I just know I couldn't go on drinking more and more. It feels pretty good to accomplish something this big at this stage of life and I figure it's bought me at least a few more years. I hope that helps you a bit..
Hi! Not quite 50 yet but close. It took a good 8mo to a year for me to fully appreciate all the benefits associated with quitting drinking. I feel much more clear headed and any generalized anxiety has pretty much subsided.  I find one of the huge benefits to be time. There seems to be sooooo much more time in the day/week/month now that so much time isn't spent acquiring drinking and recovering from drinking. Be patient with yourself and be kind to yourself. All the best. 
56F here.  ..My stamina has increased substantially. ..My depression lifted without the use of medication. All of these years I thought I was naturally depressed I think was actually the depressant effects of alcohol. Even before my drinking got out of hand even just a couple of glasses of wine a day were I think bringing me down. ..I've slowly dropped 50 lbs without a lot if effort. ..The gift of more time has been a huge surprise. It's like where did all this time come from?..I just feel so much better most of the time. I'm glad I chose the path I did when I hit that fork in the road. Sobriety is amazing. I wish I'd done it sooner.
M55 about to become 56...30+ years of drinking have been replaced with 749 days of freedom.  .My zombie 21 year marriage has ended and has been replaced with a whole new world.  My new girlfriend is showing me what a loving caring relationship really means.  I am learning to explore who I really am and how badly damaged I had become as a person.  Not every wound will heal but I am more content then I can ever remember.     .I am looking forward to the next stage of my life with more optimism than I thought was possible.  My body is certainly ageing and things now hurt and ache after sport/exercise which I find rather annoying.   Retirement is coming into view at an alarming rate.  But I am sober and this will make every day of the rest of my life more pleasurable than I would have thought possible.  .Drink?  No thanks..
