-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ahzxxc/should_i_tell_my_wife/

I'm on day 5/30. I'm not sure if I am going to try to permanently stop but I've had some progression and problematic drinking over the past few years so I'm shooting for 30 days at this point...I haven't told my wife yet. She's never told me that I have a problem. But a few times in our marriage she's pointed out that I was drinking a little too often. I'll cut back and all is well...I'm not telling her because she has a sister who has struggled with addiction and she is ultra sensitive to it. If I were to even hint there was a problem she would worry for the rest of our lives...Last night we went to a party. And I didn't drink. Some of our friends were egging me on and she joined in. I got past it but at the end of the night she mentioned that I wasn't as outgoing and normal and that I probably should have drank. ..She's pregnant so not currently drinking at all. When she's not pregnant she doesn't drink often but will have a drink or 2 socially...So my struggle is this: It hurts me that she said those things yesterday and didn't support me. But if she knew she would completely support me. However if I tell her she will completely freak out and be frightened anytime I'm near alcohol. Since I'm not quite sure if I plan to completely quit or just cut back I don't know what to say if anything...And advice is appreciated. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

I just lost my wife and kids yesterday to alcohol and just being around it will may things worse. So if you love your wife just tell her the truth. Don't be like me and lie to your wife and make up any excuses. The truth hurts but trust is worth more than an overnight buzz.
This is an interesting question. First - well done for not caving to the pressure you were put under. I found it worked for me to keep my sobriety secret for the first month but it sounds like she will just be supportive and that could help you. To avoid her being a anxious about addiction you could say you are doing it in pregnancy solidarity. What does your gut say?
I would define your motivations first - why are you going for 30 days? - then explain to her.  I'm trying to get healthy   I'm showing solidarity while you're pregnant   I'm wondering what life is like without alcohol  are all perfectly good reasons she can support you. 
Open and honest communication is extremely important in my marriage. It's important to have a partner that is supportive. 
In the past I've acted similarly to your wife.  Here's what I was thinking (which is probably unrelated). ..*I've noticed my husband is not drinking but I don't know why.  Is he intentionally cutting back?  Maybe he is quitting? Maybe he got some bad news from his doctor?  I don't feel comfortable asking directly because I don't want to appear nagging or prying.  I'll push drinks at him and see what he does.*  ..This is of course not a great pattern of thought and I am not proud of past behavior.  A lot of people just don't get how hard or important quitting is until they do it myself included. ..\--On the other side of the equation in early sobriety I wasn't sure if I would want to quit forever and didn't want to make any proclamations or promises.  So I would often just tell people I was doing a dry month.  I usually didn't say anything at all until they asked but was surprised that most people were supportive and admiring of the decision and expressed a wish to do that too some day......Don't worry about "not being as much fun".  I know you don't need alcohol to be relaxed to be fun etc.  Alcohol does not give you any special powers.  Sobriety however does.  IWNDWYT
I wouldn't tell her just yet. Don't put too much pressure on yourself. Say you are trying to save money for the baby stuff and leave it that. That will buy you some time. I don't make good decisions while I'm still foggy. Good luck 2 you. 
It's odd. This time round I don't think I'll tell anyone that I've stopped drinking. I think that would make it a *thing* and in a sense it's just too important to be turned into anything but what it is: my own private choice to live the best life I can. I see it as my responsibility and I can see an argument that it wouldn't be fair to ask others to share in it...
Why not just say I'm doing a 30 days dry for a detox and health tune-up?  IWNDWYT
I can only speak from my own experience. I told my wife and adult kids .I fessed up about how bad it had got and so on.They were nothing but supportive.It has also been great at keeping me accountable.But that is me and my family.There is a chance she might be hurt if you dont confide in her.The only real advice from me would be if you speak to her speak from the heart.
I personally think honesty is the best policy. Fessing up to her is getting your addiction into the light. Keeping it in the shadows just creates more shame and it just festers. Iwndwy
&gt;I'm not telling her because she has a sister who has struggled with addiction and she is ultra sensitive to it. If I were to even hint there was a problem she would worry for the rest of our lives...It's difficult when your partner has family experience with addiction. Mine has no problem with my substance abuse or that of his exes but is really triggered by people struggling to quit.  
When I started out I was aiming to stop drinking on weeknights. I'd drink at the same pace and volume on the weekends but since my tolerance was down it was blackouts every. dang. time. I can't drink any other way. I tried. Can't be done. Now I'm nearing 200 and this is how it has to be for me.
You should do whatever makes you more likely to stay sober...I can see how you want to avoid a confrontation with your wife. I had a similar issue with my husband. He thought "if you really have this problem then you're an alcoholic and therefore you can never drink again and our relationship will be dogged by this addiction." Yikes who wants to hear that!..You have a couple choices:.- Just never drink but don't talk about it.- Say you quit and submit to her definition of "alcoholism" which -- reading between the lines -- it doesn't sound like you identify with..- Have a more nuanced conversation about why you want to stop drinking. I might even involve a couples therapist. If you think about it it's ridiculous that your relationship might suffer because you *quit* drinking. Your wife's overreaction comes from fear and although your sobriety might bring up that fear you're absolutely doing the right thing for both of you...The modern name is "alcohol use disorder". It can capture everything from occasional binge drinking to simply drinking more then you intended.  I'm not here to judge and I definitely have a problem with drinking so I even say "I'm an alcoholic" in AA but I don't identify much with this term...My favorite conversation tactic for people to seek to pin me down with "Quitting == Alcoholism" is that there's no level of drinking where maintaining it is healthier than quitting. I simply choose to quit. ..If it's not obvious I'm rooting for number 3 but I'm also rooting for you to have as many days of sobriety under your belt as you want when you have that conversation. Good luck.
[removed]
I think you can be honest with her without being extreme about it. You can tell her you are bringing a baby into this world and you tend to get a little sloppy when your drunk and take things too far. You don't want to be that person anymore and want to be the best person for yourself her and your new family. Maybe after some time passes and you've had some more sober time under your belt you will feel more comfortable telling her you think you had a problem and don't even want  just one  because you don't want to go back to that and am happier without it. 
