-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ai1awc/ive_been_having_a_pretty_crummy_week_then_i/

So far this week has been about struggling to get out of bed in the morning and feeling generally miserable...I had some family visit the other night and they had me go to the store to get everyone some wine.  I did my best to keep my head buried in the list grab the bottles they wanted and leave without looking at my old favorites too long...While drinks were being poured they kept asking if I wanted a glass and it didn't really take a second thought to say no.  I was surprised that part was easy.  Maybe it's the depression or something else but I just kept thinking  one tiny sip won't hurt just one glass'.  It felt like I had to just keep rewinding in my head I can't handle a single sip or glass.  That I know one is none and two is one...After they left I looked at the date and realized it had been seven months since I last woke up hungover.  Even though I think about drinking every single day it still blows my mind that time passes so quickly.  ..It's slowly getting easier.  Even if I was mentally arguing with myself about a glass I could sit in the same room as alcohol again without having a panic attack.  I'm still working through some of the shitty things I did while drinking but the shame is getting a hair easier to deal with day by day...Seven months  . IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm proud of and happy for you. Hugs.
Happy 7 months to you!  Good job on turning down the wine.  Alcohol is just not worth it. IWNDWYT
Congrats on 7 months! I'm also a work in progress but sober we can handle things so much better. Well done on turning down those drinks. IWNDWYT
Holy moly!!! Seven months! I can't wait to get there! Way to go!!! Let's keep this going!!! IWNDWYT!
Seven months is amazing!! I admire that so much. Congratulations. ..I'm so sorry you're having a bad week. Keep your chin up and remember that getting through tough depressed times takes just that - time. But you always do come out of it. Thinking about you! IWNDWYT. 
IWNDWYT
Hang in there buddy! One day at a time! Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
7 months!!!! That's amazing. You are fighting the good fight. Just think how much worse your depressed state would be with alcohol. One thing is for sure - every bad day week month year is ALWAYS made worse with alcohol- even though it feels good in the beginning it never ends well. Proud of you! 
