-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aifm6t/im_pretty_much_a_hermit_besides_work_and_a_few/

I'm not sure if anyone has a similar story but here it goes: Ever since elementary school I've struggled connecting with people. I don't even wanna label it social anxiety because it feels much more complicated than that. I've been in therapy used medication and put myself in uncomfortable situations. Whether it's one time or one hundred times it's the same feeling of never feeling in control never feeling any sort of social rhythm with people. It's almost like everything that comes out of my mouth feels phony and forced making me more self conscious...Anyways I just turned 37 and I'm mentally worn out. Besides the rare tv show or concert I lost all interest in life. Money means nothing and even though I'm tired of the hangovers and worry about my health I still consider alcohol my only friend. I usually binge 2 or 3 days a week mainly to get out of my head. ..Choosing between miserable boredom and awful social skills is a tough one. Anyways thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hello there! It's good to meet you...Before your interest in life started to wane did you have any particular interests or hobbies?
I feel like this every day of my life even since I was a little kid. It's really hard for me to connect to people and have decent relationships. The only thing that helped me to not be depressed about it was honestly just embracing social solitude and accepting myself as a half autistic weirdo with no social life lol. Honestly not having a social circle to have to try to fit in to is pretty liberating. ..At the same time everyone needs to feel loved. As long as you have some sort of support that's all that matte
Well besides drinking obviously most of my life is basically just consumed with self-improvement efforts. Trying to lose weight and get in shape reading books and trying to gain some sort of idea how to live a happy life lol. For me it's important to feel like I have something to work towards. It sounds cliche but keeping yourself busy really does help even if you're not necessarily having a fun time at least you get something out of it. 
Alcohol is a great way to cover pain forget and distract but that it's only pro if you could call it that.  The issues still remain.  But I think those issues are part of us and make us who we are without mine I would be a different person.  I put on a bravado when I meet new people or even people I have know for ever.  Not sure really what people think of me coz who truly knows another's mind but that's the hook I guess.  The more anyone believes a lie the more it becomes the truth.  ..I honestly think that's why we are on this earth to connect.  To hear you say you have never truly felt that is saddening.  I wish I had answers for you.  ..The only one thing I know is alcohol is not your friend.  If I could give alcohol a persona it would be a being that wants you trapped in their world of misery.  It reveals in your pain and grief almost like a fuel to drive it deeper in imbedded.  We are blinded and fooled into believing it wants the best for you that it's there for you a solace.  It is not.  It's the greatest lie we have all been told.  I've watched it destroy my father inch by inch stripping the character of a once proud man.  Watch him sit in his own shit and all he cared about was another beer whilst my mother was dying in hospital of cancer.  ..Connecting is hard but at least it's true alcohol is the lie brother.  I wish you all the best and know you are not alone.
Going out on a limb here but have you been tested for ASD? I have a nephew who is high-functioning Aspergers and you just described him to a T. We are cautious about engaging with him too "aggressively" (eg. we wait until he's feeling comfortable to say hello or we let him initiate a fist bump rather than give hugs) and we've learned to appreciate and respect his comfort zones. It's not a problem to be solved mind you just that he needs people to accept who he is and know he's not dissing us in any way. We know this we accept him and we love him. And for him it's not bad social skills but the fact that his brain works differently and that's absolutely OK. ..It sounds like there may be something going on that could give you a new appreciation for yourself and your capacity for engagement. Usually where the brain is "different" in one area it makes up for it in spectacular ways in another. You want to be sure you're not missing out on discovering that amazing talent by numbing yourself! I do hope you find answers. 
