-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aig55v/scared_of_a_life_with_and_without_alcohol/

I have never posted anything about my 13 years of alcohol abuse. In fact I rarely discuss it with anyone except those who struggle themselves. So in doing this I'm feeling completely vulnerable. My story can go on and on. From detox trips to the emergency room AA counceling white knuckeling meds to curve cravings. Name it. I've done it. I am constantly ashamed after a night of drinking and unfortunately it has  become (once again) me binging for days on end. The truth is I am horrified this problem will not ever go away but I know in a few days this fear will subside and I'll be right back on the bottle. I alienate the ones I love most. I've done it for years.I'm going out on a limb here and just need to be told there''s better out there and maybe some tips on how you've guys have done it.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about this struggle.......Today can be the start of a Virtuous Upward Spiral!..
He cannot picture life without alcohol. Some day he will be unable to imagine life either with alcohol or without it. Then he will know loneliness such as few do. He will be at the jumping-off place. He will wish for the end..  ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS p. 15.. Only an alcoholic can understand the exact meaning of a statement like this one. The double standard that held me captive as an active alcoholic also filled me with terror and confusion: "If I don't get a drink I'm going to die" competed with "If I continue drinking it's going to kill me." Both compulsive thoughts pushed me ever closer to the bottom. That bottom produced a total acceptance of my alcoholism   with no reservations whatsoever   and one that was absolutely essential for my recovery. It was a dilemma unlike anything I had ever faced but as I found out later on a necessary one if I was to succeed in this program. 
(I'm only 25 days) How have I done it? One day at a time. Maybe stop thinking in terms of forever and decide that today you will not drink. And when you get up the next day today you will not drink. And if you slide get up the next day and decide today you will not drink. And get support: a friend a partner AA anyone you can confide in. Today you're not drinking. What a great day 
If you are scared with a life with and without alcohol remember without alcohol is the cheaper option. IWNDWYT 
Good luck to you! 
I'm only two weeks in. This time feels different for me. I'm confident it's going to stick. The biggest reason for me has been to focus on the positive; it IS possible to be sober and happy. ..I have so much more energy than I did before. And I use that energy to fill my time with impactful activities. These things bring feelings of worth that actually last unlike the mirage of the  magical first hour  of drinking. ..Other attempts I've focused much more on the negative (the fact that I can't drink). ..This all sounds simplistic. But that doesn't make it false. Hang in there. IWNDWYT 
Start with one day at a time. They add up fast. As time progresses living an alcohol-free life will not only start to feel normal it will feel *amazing.*    .Recovery does take some effort. Therapy exercise meetings and meditation have all been valuable tools for me in getting sober. .
This is my fourth attempt and the longest by far. This time around I was ready with a First Week Plan: what to do in the evening hours when I would normally reach for a drink what to do when I was bored (I had a list of a dozen things that took 20 minutes or less) and what to do the first week when I was feeling grumpy sleepy dopey or any of the other Seven Withdrawal Dwarves or whatever you want to call those emotions. I also had a First Month Plan: books to read that would keep me on track household chores to keep me occupied discarded hobbies to take up again several goals that I wanted to achieve. Now I'm on my First Year Plan which includes exercise healthy eating letting people know (proudly) I am not drinking and appreciating sobriety in every situation including holidays and sad times too. ..What's your plan? :-)
I just want to thank all of you for responding. As of a plan now I am reading a few books about rational recovery and mindfulness. What comes now is to be determined but I can say that I will not drink today. Like I said in my post there is few things I have not tried in the past but am starting today with a book called The Naked Mind. It's looking at the reasons why society has made it so normal and wonderful in our world. It's basically is saying that we have been brainwashed from an early age that alcohol has been sold to us a great thing. A good read and another option out there. Thanks again!
