-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aigk22/how_do_you_handle_the_judgment_over_not_drinking/

I've never been an alcoholic or struggled with drinking; I've stopped because it makes me feel like crap. For a while I thought it was just getting older but then I found some health issues. ..How does everyone deal with the people that give you shit for not drinking? Or judge you for being different? I've never been a bar-goer- even when I did drink socially- but being in the same space as others while they drink appears to bother some people. I've been told that it ruins the vibe or its like I'm somehow putting on airs. ..What am I missing? In general what the fuck?
----------immediate responses--------

I am an alcoholic. I also don't care too much what other people think about anything I do but if people want to give me crap over not drinking I don't associate with those people. I've had to cut off a few people since I got sober and I honestly don't miss them too much. My social life hasn't suffered either.
If you hang with the dawgs you get fleas... or herpes if you hang out in sorority row
I went to the movies with 3 friends recently and historically we always kind of pig out- Popcorn candy etc.   this time one of my friends said  nothing for me today  and it kind of bummed us all out for a minute.   ..Sounds so stupid right? But it was just a reaction.  I realize it's the same kind of reaction ppl get when I tell them I'm not drinking anymore...When ppl are celebrating indulging feasting drinking etc etc they want everyone in on it.  It's just a human tendency I think.  When they realize your not they may seem a little disappointed/confused/awkward but I find this goes away after the first couple instances and then they are used to it and it's no big deal.   It's  coming out  and getting thru those first awkward encounters that suck...
Generally speaking people get weird about it when they have tinges of guilt about their own relationship to alcohol.  So you being out and about and sober holds a mirror up to that and that irritates them.  Ignore them as best you can.  Keep enjoying yourself!  IWNDWYT
I struggled with this but I somewhat naturally gravitated to folks who not drink - that has become my new social circle...Drinking alone or going to the bar has been replaced with board games and homemade dinners for my friends...Also if people are judging you for not drinking and trying to better yourself: fuck  em. ..:D
I used to judge non-drinkers because I didn't understand the difference in quality of life or how vast the spectrum of reasons for not drinking can be. Now I'm ok with being judged by drinkers and I'm finding the judgement can turn into curiosity. 
Something I've noticed: the people who give me a hard time are those most likely to be in denial about their own drinking problems. One of the last people to chide me about not drinking (at my mother's home on Christmas Eve) ended up getting very drunk picking a fight with my brother and then storming out of the house in her car. My family doesn't drink a lot and we are all a very likable bunch - this person (not a relative) is just a nasty tempered drunk. I'm starting to re-frame everyone in that light. If they're cool with me not drinking most likely they haven't hit the struggle point. If they ask questions they're hoping for tips on quitting. If they mock me they're in deep and struggling. I try to be kind to them (until they pick a fight with my brother and then it's on muthafekkers!) ..If your not-drinking ruins a vibe it's just a shitty party and they need someone to blame it on. ..Another friend recently said "I feel like I'm losing my drinking buddy!" I said "but you've gained a designated driver!" She laughed and let it go. We're going to grab dinner again soon and she's OK with me not drinking. Some people take time...
99% of the time no one gives a shit what's in my glass. The other 1% of the time they are active alcoholics who are uncomfortable with the fact that I had the strength to quit...and I don't really need those folks in my life.
There are people I know and people I don't know.  ..The people I know are aware of all the stupid shit I've done when drunk.  The should encourage my sobriety.  ..The people I don't know and just met can say what they want.  I can walk away from them if they annoy me.
I have not had a lot of push back myself at first my friends were surprised but did not seem judgmental. ..However the few times I was given a hard time I just said  these days I get a very bad hangover even if I drink a little bit it's not worth the pain.' And any decent human would find it reasonable that I would want to avoid pain so they drop it. That's my experience. ..I have actually become more popular because I can always drive.  
