-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aih0ws/dealing_with_the_stigma_and_leaving_the_culture/

After cutting drugs out of my life (knock on wood) I'm starting to see that alcohol is really having a negative effect on my life and has brought me to the brink of relapse a couple times. I don't doubt my ability to get sober but alcohol is a huge part of our culture maybe even the staple of it for a guy in his early 20s. Quitting heroin was really hard but all I lost was the ability to get high. Going sober means I can't drink with my friends anymore and that has been our favorite thing to do for pushing a decade. I'll have to pursue a real relationship since drunk hook ups will go from being fun to predatory sober I have no idea how to do that. Not to mention having to tell my family friends and co workers I stopped drinking when getting regularly f'd up has been a foundation of my identity lol. Idk ..TL;DR: how does one deal with the stigma of not drinking and how does a single guy in his 20s function without participating in alcohol culture?
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly if you're serious about this you'll have to forge a new identity. The first few months will be isolating. That's a fact. That time though can be used exceedingly well: you can get healthy hit the gym read everything there is about the effects of alcohol and maybe learn how to brew a truly-mean cup of coffee ;)..After you will re-emerge very much a  new  person. Those old hobbies will seem revolting. It's also charming to join an outdoor fitness group soccer team or other interest group. You'll be surrounded by like-minded and positive people. You may even find yourself a partner in crime that way. ..It will be hard but if it were easy this sub-reddit wouldn't exist. ..Iwndwyt. 
This is a very tough part of quitting drinking but for me has been ultimately the most rewarding.  It's really hard at first!  It felt super awkward and the way it affected my hobbies (dancing and playing pool both of which were always surrounded by alcohol) was frankly depressing.  I just stopped doing those things for a while and I sort of had to relearn how to do them without alcohol.  ..The interesting thing about doing things sober you used to enjoy drunk is that you really have to consider why you are there doing that thing.  What do I like about this?  Why? Do I actually like these people and if so what do I like about them?  What kind of things would I like to try?  What kind of person would I like to be?  If you can figure out what it is you actually like doing and work at relearning to do it sober then you've learned a lot about who you are and what you can do when you set your mind to it.  You don't have to change what you like or who you love sobriety simply forces you to distill (puns!) your interests.  When I first started to try and do this I tried to think about the kinds of stuff I enjoyed as a kid before I ever had experienced any intoxicants.  It wasn't a perfect place to start but it gave me a start and that's really all you need if you're stubborn...It's not an easy road but it is well worth it.  IWNDWYT
I quit drinking 6 months ago. My husband and everyone I hang out with drinks. I was a social drinker. I have not turned down a single social event just the drinks. I can still be there laughing and talking and drinking non alcohol. I never thought I could do that. I have been social drinking for 35 years. ..How did I do it? I said  no thanks' or  not drinking tonight'. Nobody else cared. The hard part at first was DOING that. What really helped me was reading Annie Grace's book: This Naked Mind and using her technique of going into the situation as an experiment. Made a promise to myself that I would go to the party and not drink so I could see what it felt like. Was I uncomfortable? Was I anxious? Was I bored? Was I having fun? It was actually super interesting and I sort of felt like I had a super power because I was so aware of everything. It was fun. I have learned that every outing is not fun. Sometimes boring or lame or just feeling anti social and want to be at home chilling. But that was true before too not every single night out was fun when I was drinking and there were too many to count where I embarrassed or couldn't remember what happened (and so many wasted concerts...sigh) Now it is ALWAYS great to go to bed sober no matter how the night went...Good luck if I can do it I believe you can too...I will not drink with you tonight.
