-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aihtx5/newly_sober_seeking_advice_encouragement/

Hi everyone ..I just wanted to reach out and ask for some advice/encouragement. I am new to this sub as I found it through googling "did i ruin my life because of alcohol?"..Basically I finally realized I need to stop drinking. This weekend really demonstrated that - didn't show up to work got fired from a side gig and got into a physical altercation while blackout. I am really embarassed and ashamed of how it has gotten to this point. I always thought of myself as a moderate drinker with a tendency to binge on the weekends because I was partying. However when i think about the biggest mistakes in my life they all have a common theme: alcohol was involved. I am very excited to be sober. However I'm new to this. I'm afraid of making a mistake and relapsing. Right now I want to be sober for at least 6 weeks and go from there. is that even beneficial to make a time goal like that? Anyway I was seeking some tips to deal with the following questions:..1. how do you forgive yourself for all the damage you've caused while wasted? I am struggling in this aspect and it's really holding me back and impacts my self confidence. I hold that "well im just waiting to mess up so might as well self sabotage".2. I really like music and go to a lot of shows. has there been any awkwardness in navigating the music scene while sober? any tips?.3. what about dating? the "wanna meet up for drinks?" how do you handle that esp with someone you dont really know?.4. what personal techniques have helped you? meetings meditation exercise specific websites/sources you use?..I think that's it for now. Thank you everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

What helped me:..I came here every day.  This support group or going to meetings can help so much...I took it one day at a time.  It was tough at first then it got easier.  So much good came to my life one day at a time...I needed  sober people sober places  at first.  Eventually I built up enough strength to be around alcohol again but at first I avoided temptation...I made a vow I would post here before I drink again. Alcohol can sneak up on you and posting helps me avoid making an impulsive decision...You can do this. Life gets better sober. I'm rooting for you! 
&gt;...when i think about the biggest mistakes in my life they all have a common theme: alcohol was involved.    .    .Honestly giving yourself a finite time frame with a goal line at the end might not be the best approach. Starting off with a sober period is great for folks who want to reassess their relationship with alcohol but it sounds like you already know the answer. A month and a half of sobriety will certainly make you feel better but I didn't feel significant changes in my brain chemistry until 90 days or so.    .    .1) Self compassion is really key in moving forward. Alcohol will keep you trapped in the vicious circle: you're hate yourself because you drink and you drink because you hate yourself. Eliminating alcohol is the way to break the cycle.    ..2) I'm a live music lover as well...drinking and shows go hand-in-hand. I had to live by the "dry people dry places" rule for the first few months of recovery. After the initial period of quitting I realized I was ready to go see a show when I embraced the fact that I don't *have* to drink poison in order to enjoy music! Not drinking at shows have two really amazing benefits: you won't spend a shit-ton of money and you'll remember everything! The secret is to always have a cup of soda water in your hands to keep them busy.    .    .3) I quit after I got married so I don't really have any advice on this.    .    .4) This sub has been a HUGE part of my recovery.    .I have been to plenty AA and Refuge Recovery meetings. It is really nice to be surrounded by like-minded folks who are on the same path and know the struggle. There is a LOT of knowledge and wisdom to gain from those communities and it's a great way to meet people.  .20 minutes of daily meditation has been total game changer for me. My anxiety is almost non-existent and my mood us way up. [Here's a beginner's guide](https://www.thetadprinciple.com/free-meditation-guide-0101adj.html) if you're interested. Research has shown that 8 weeks of meditation can actually shrink the amygdala (the structure responsible for our "fight or flight" response) and decrease stress hormones in our body.    .Exercise is a great way to help your brain along in the healing process. I just started yoga back in November and I cannot believe the mood-enhancing benefits. It's seriously the best anti-depressant out there in my opinion.    .    .Welcome to the club. Quitting drinking was the best decision I ever made.    .IWNDWYT
You've come to the right place! There are a ton of resources and people to help you navigate this so you don't feel like you're on this journey alone. Many people live fulfilling successful lives without alcohol. Sounds crazy I know but it can happen even in social scenes and music scenes and you'll actually remember them and not make an ass of yourself - bonus! Some books that are good to start with are This Naked Mind Easy way to Control Alcohol 30 Days of Sobriety &amp; anything else recommended in the side bar. The SMART Recovery website has some useful tools in addition to this website. I've found that Ginger Ale Cranberry Juice and snacks are helpful if cravings hit but you'd be surprised what you're able to accomplish once you set your mind to it. Instead of setting a hard and fast deadline I'd try taking it one day at a time but the longer you go the better you'll feel. Best of luck to you!
