-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ailb6d/strange_days_indeed/

So bit of a cryptic title but this week has been very strange for me and I am kinda waiting for the switch to turn back on/off as the case may be.  Previously I have taken breaks and sort of once tried to manage my drinking but always and I mean always I would have that nagging voice saying - grab a beer you need a beer etc etc..This time I haven't had any noticeable withdrawals nagging voice or major compulsions to drink.  I just stopped drinking 2 Sunday's ago and here I am waiting for the drama of stopping.  It's actually fucking surreal for me and I would really love to know has anyone quit cold turkey without any real issues..I feel a tiny bit like a fraud reading everyone's else's struggles and don't get me wrong I know those struggles real well except this time is like night and day.  Don't know how else to describe it but if anyone else has had this experience I would really appreciate the response.  .I am mid 40s and have been drinking since 19 so I am not new to the game.  I am not doing AA either but have this week started seeing a counsellor/life coach and we talk a lot about drinking.  Anyway guess I am worried that whatever switch is off will go back on and I don't want that at all.
----------immediate responses--------

47 here. I've had some insomnia and some Interesting Bowel Moments but other than that no drama...Perhaps the dramatics are more of a young person's game -- so long as there's no catastrophic physical dependence...Then again I'm on some pretty heavy antidepressants. Ha!
I quit just after boxing day. I had woken up around 4am and couldn't sleep. So I got up played computer games and drank. I went to bed around 8am. I had drunk enough that when I was forced to get out of bed at 10:30 am to be driven back home (we were on a long family visit) I spent the rest of the day feeling like absolute death...I think feeling that bad during the day (still very drunk) made me realize just what I was putting my body and mind through. Normally I just sleep through the after effects...The mindset there after was "its really not good for you its really bad for your body and mental health". There was also a realization that I did not control how much or when I drank...Since then I have not wanted to drink or missed it. I have had a few romancing moments where I think wouldn't a &lt;insert poison of choice&gt; be really nice right about now? But this quickly passes with the thought of how shitty I would feel after that one drink turned into many over any number of months...What I have noticed is better sleep better moods better exercise feeling fitter and the loss of that bloody brain fog that used to plague me in the mornings...The really important thing to remember is that success at not drinking is absolutely not the same as moderation. You are not here because moderation works. Moderation is the lie.
I've also been surprisingly okay for the past few days. I've been reading This Naked Mind. I don't know if there's any causation. Also mid-40s...I am however giving myself permission to eat more junk than I usually do and my scale is not being kind at the moment.
