-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aiwuhd/61_days_first_post_time_to_join_the_party/

Hi everyone!  ..I spend every night reading this sub before I go to bed and I've decided that it's time to join the party! My story is the same as many of yours. On the surface I'm successful. I'm 27 and about four months away from getting my PhD. Below the surface I struggle with alcohol use as well as depression anxiety and OCD. I've learned that alcohol and mental illnesses work magnificently well together to completely fuck you over. The first few drinks would calm me down and leave me with a lovely feeling of euphoria. The constant loop in my head calling me to my various obsessions and compulsions would quiet down. But as many of you are well aware it doesn't stop there. After a few too many the disinhibition drove me to do things that I would have never done otherwise. This gave me a whole new set of things to ruminate about obsess over and hate myself for which led me to drink EVEN MORE and trapped me in a downward spiral that has been extremely difficult to get out of. ..I got to the point where a 6 pack a night was normal. But it wasn't even necessarily the amount that upset me so deeply. It was the feeling that I was getting lost in a cycle that was becoming increasingly out of my control. I would wake up daily with a hangover enveloped by panic chest tight heart pounding hating myself to the core and swearing that I'd never EVER drink again. Cut to a few hours later when I was feeling better and the thought would creep in:  Clearly I've learned my lesson. I won't drink like that tonight. I'll just have one or two.  Spoiler alert: it wasn't one or two. It was 6 or more. Many of you have described the almost out-of-body experience that accompanies purchasing alcohol while you're in this cycle I know it well. After a while I felt like I would just happen to  find myself  at the store again. I felt more or less like a passive participant in a series of events that played out largely on their own. ..My drinking took 6 or 7 years to really come to a head and it did so in a pretty ironic way. Recently my brother who struggles with drug addiction switched from cocaine which he's been to rehab for in the past to meth. Meth was a whole new league of drug. The damage that it did to him was incredible. He became lost in a delusional world totally removed from reality and was unreachable. Then he was arrested for a crime he committed while trying to investigate what he believed to be a conspiracy against him. He was so high at the time of his arrest that he nearly died. To deal with this (or rather to not deal with it) I drank. A lot. Then I was slapped in the face by my own hypocrisy. How can I beg my brother to get sober when I'm struggling with my own addiction? Soon after he went to jail I had a night of crisis. I got completely wasted and realized that I needed to break the cycle. I watched videos about sobriety until about 3:00 am sobbed uncontrollably for hours (very fortunately) discovered this sub and then decided to quit the following day. ..So far I'm happy with my progress. I had a 48-day streak from early October until Thanksgiving. I  decided  to drink on Thanksgiving though looking back I question whether this was really a conscious decision or just a very convincing urge. I felt horrible afterward. As my sober days climbed so did my self-esteem. When I drank I felt like I had sold out something that meant a lot to me for a headache and a dry mouth. I learned a lesson during this slip a few beers are not worth the blood sweat and tears that it takes to build up your sobriety. That was huge for me. I decided to start over right away and as of now I'm at 61 consecutive days. I'm tempted to drink every day. And sure I could. But then I'll think to myself "The price of this beer is all of the work you've put in during the last 61 days. Is it worth it?" Thus far the answer has been  no.' I'll do my best to keep it that way. I also have a very loving supportive and patient girlfriend who has been my rock along the way and I'm grateful to have her. Ah and regarding my brother he's doing much better now. He's out of jail clean (to my knowledge) and he just got a new job. I'm cautiously optimistic that he'll be okay but realistic about the alternatives. ..Thank you so much to all of you lovely kindhearted strangers. Reading this sub nightly has been a major source of strength for me. I'm excited to join you all in not drinking!  
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya. Welcome to SD and congratulations on sixty one days. IWNDWYT  
Wellcome! You have made right decision! You can do it! IWNDWYT!!!
Great to have you here LMS and thank you for sharing so eloquently and well. I am so glad that your brother seems to be doing well too...This sub has been a complete life saver for me and I have learned so much on here every single day. ..I do not attend groups IRL however found this really solid SMART podcast which you might find useful also. It's about the change process specifically as it relates to addiction.....https://smartrecovery.libsyn.com/webinar-dr-carlo-diclemente-on-maintaining-change-in-addiction-recovery..I will not drink with you today and I will remain vigilant.
Welcome! IWNDWYT 
