-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aizgdb/struggling_with_safe_space/

hey y'all ive never posted to this thread but the time is now. im 18 turning 19 next month and I received 2 years of sobriety in December. I drank/ drugged for years since I was young. eventually I went to rehab and was in IOP for a year. Senior year of high school I attended a sober high school (archway academy) and now I have moved to Chicago to go to college and I have been struggling. it has been hard to manage school and other things wile going to meetings. I know it sounds like an excuse but its just the honest truth. I have been to a few meetings here a good amount of time but I just have not felt good being there. its unfortunate I miss my friends in sobriety that I saw everyday and went to meetings with everyday. sorry for the ranting here is where I purpose a question...&amp;#x200B;..if anybody on this thread has any info for me on a few good meetings to check out in the Chicago area I would love to know. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't live in Chicago but just want to encourage you to hang in there. Moving alone is a big life change and then adding in starting college makes it HUGE. Change is hard and it takes time. My first year at college was 20 years ago and I still remember the difficulty of the first year. You can do it though...one day at a time...If you haven't yet definitely google the name of your college and AA you might find some good info. Or call the counselors office and ask if they know of any good meetings for the students...I'm proud of you for your sobriety. Keep going!
In my area there are a few meetings designated specifically for young people.  I imagine Chicago must have something similar.  They would still be older than you - twenty somethings - but probably more understanding in general...But AA and crusty old men seem to go hand in hand.  Would it be worth investing the time in winning some of them over?  They may be sticks in the mud but that is still not cement.  They have had their own personal revelations to get where they are so they are capable of change even if they have to be dragged kicking and screaming to do it.  Kill them with kindness is what I am getting at.  It works in a lot of situations.
I don't have any advice but I am proud of you...If it's any help the Smart Recovery forums have a youth:teen only section.
