-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aj4o1y/today_im_42_and_sober/

Today's my birthday and I'm really proud of myself for making it to 170 days (almost 6 months!). I hadn't visualized getting here especially after so many relapses  I'm so grateful today. ..Sober living. The promises from the Big Book are indeed coming true. 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome accomplishment and Happy Birthday! 
I've noticed a bunch of badges don't match their owners--I'm sure the glitch'll get fixed.
Happy birthday! Keep up the good work! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations and Happy Birthday!!
Congrats!
Happy birthday   and congratulations..But IWNDWYT or tomorrow.
I'm also 42! I thought there was no real reason to stop drinking and start my life over in my 40's. Boy was I wrong! Keep on kickin' ass!
Happy Birthday brother I'm on day 150 and at the age of 47 I feel somewhat reborn. Cheers mate.
Good for you and Happy Birthday! 
Happiest birthday!!' Have a wonderful sober day and may all of your dreams come true 
Just did my birthday sober first one in a long time.  With the fall and winter holidays in the rear view mirror and half a summer under my belt I have strategies to build on.  Congrats on a sober cake day!
Happy birthday!! Mine was this week as well. Stay healthy! 
Happy Birthday.  I will not drink with you on this special day!
We don't need no stinkin' badges!  Happy B/D.
Congratulations and happy birthday .Iwndwyt
Happy birthday and welcome to the club! I had a few relapses and 42 is the magic number for me too. I'm experiencing big positive life changes lately. The other day I looked at some photos of me from the past 15 years and I'm looking healthier and younger than ever :)..IWNDWYT!
Wooooo! Happy birthday and congrats - you gave yourself the best gift ever.  
Congrats on 170 and Happy Birthday! 
Hurray! What a great gift you've given yourself. It's one that no one can take away. IWNDWYT
Started over in my late 30's -- many failures prior to success.  48 in May 10 years sober in April!  Happy for you!  Keep it moving!
also 42 and day 22 here (badge also wrong).  nice job keep it up!
