-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aj576f/not_sure_what_to_think_feedback_appreciated/

Hi I am looking for a bit of insight. I am 24 and while I did not drink really in high school I drank pretty heavily through college. I never thought anything of the way I was acting however because everyone I knew also went out a few nights a week and drank heavily on those nights. Since graduating I am in a stressful grad school program where I have had trouble socially and with relationships. I have great grades and a great job lined up I am at the top of my class and graduated with honors from undergrad. However alcohol scares me. ..I have extremely good and supportive friends from undergrad but they do mostly choose to spend their weekends binge drinking. I have also continued this pattern and spend most of my weekends at bars and blacking out is not uncommon. I am on antianxiety medication and struggle with depression I find binge drinking gives me severe anxiety and I cannot handle feeling like I embarrassed myself. I have not really had any serious consequences from drinking other than an open container ticket and a noise complaint in college given to everyone at the house party we had hosted. I have noticed that I often will tell myself I am not going to drink a lot but then feel uncomfortable at the bar and notice myself drinking faster and more. If I go to dinner with friends or family I can easily moderate myself and have a glass or two of wine and go home. Sometimes I have a glass of wine after a long day but never more and do not typically drink alone. However when I do have an episode where I take it too far I develop crippling debilitating anxiety. ..I have been lurking here for a while and am truly so confused. I have asked friends for advice and received differing opinions some insist I have no problem at all and am doing nothing that all my other friends aren't doing while others have said if I don't feel good about it then maybe it is an issue. I don't know what to think I don't know if this is my social anxiety a serious alcohol problem or what. I have sought opinions from my therapist and from an alcohol counselor who didn't give me much clarity on what my options are or how seriously concerned I need to be. I spend all my time beating myself up on any mistake I make alcohol included and have been very stressed about this for a few months now. 
----------immediate responses--------

A couple of great books are This Naked Mind by Annie Grace (podcast too) and Alcohol Explained by William Porter.  Reading these books answers a lot of questions and put alcohol in a very different light for me.  Why not go for a 30-90 day break from alcohol and see how it feels.  Good luck!  IWNDWYT
Hey Tara great job on reaching out...&lt;I have also continued this pattern and spend most of my weekends at bars and blacking out is not uncommon..Me too. It came to the point where I was blacking out every single time I drank. I put myself in extremely dangerous situations. For me just a few drinks turned into a few *bottles*. ..I had to remove the people/places/things that triggered me; I replaced them with sobriety - new friends meetings new hobbies medical guidance meditation etc....&gt;I am on antianxiety medication..This is very concerning. When I mixed my antidepressants or *any* medications with alcohol I was playing with fire. The interactions resulted in severe anxiety vomiting hallucinations and worse...I'm glad to hear that you spoke with your therapist and an alcohol counselor. Being that you didn't receive much feedback perhaps you would be interested in speaking with you primary care physician? For me being open and honest (yes telling him I drank 3 bottles of wine) was important; I needed to get an accurate effective treatment plan and stick to it...I hope to hear more from you please update us when you can :)...
As far as anxiety goes-mine was thru the roof when I was drinking-I broke out in hives from it pretty much daily.  Not a single hive since I quit the booze
I think you're doing a great thing by looking at this and reaching out for help regardless of what you end up deciding to do about the amount/frequency of your drinks : ). Ultimately only you know whether or not your drinking is a "problem" or needs to change. Your well-intentioned friends the well-intentioned people here etc don't know your motivations for drinking better than you do. It sounds to me (another well-intentioned but possibly quite wrong person!) like you're having some trouble controlling when and how much you drink and that it's caused some embarassment and anxiety for you which is quite understandable drinking causes anxiety even in healthy "non-problem" drinkers...&amp;#x200B;..One way to look at this may be "Well if I don't have a problem not drinking for x days shouldn't be hard. And regardless I learn something about myself and give my body a break". Hope you figure out a path forward for yourself that makes you feel comfortable and like you're on the right one : )
Hi Tara-- fellow stressed out grad student (27m) here and I struggle with alcohol use OCD depression and anxiety. I had a chat with a roommate (another grad student) during my first year of grad school (I'm currently in my 5th and final year) where I said deep into my nightly 6 pack "I'm going to get my drinking under control this year." My roommate just laughed. It took a long time to figure out why he did. ..I didn't get it under control. As the stress of the program wore on me I leaned more heavily on drinking. Soon it was the only way I felt that I could disconnect. Almost all of the work that I've done in the last 5 years has been tainted in some way or another by drinking. Not only that it's compounded the amount of work I've had to do because I would constantly have to go back and fix my drunken mistakes the next day and because every morning started with a nasty hangover. And the hiding.... ohhhh the hiding. Sure I 'functioned' the whole time but not really. I was just taking what was already difficult and blowing it up into something unmanageable. ..At the end of the day I don't really care so much about the amount I was drinking. The bottom line is that it made me feel like shit about myself and it made my life worse. I don't think I deserve to feel like shit about myself. I think I deserve to feel good! And I hope you feel the same way. I had a 48 day streak a brief slip and I'm at 61 consecutive days now. My life has quieted down a bit but my productivity and more importantly my self-esteem has increased immensely. Choose what you think is best for you and best of luck to you. 
