-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aje6fh/close_to_800_days_in_i_thought_i_could_managenope/

Well over 2 years of total sobriety around day 790 i was feeling confident. I am different now. Look at all the progress i have made. That was not 'me' drinking like an idiot for 10 years every day. I was the product of the courage and strength it took to get out of that shit. I was someone else. Not reborn but matured. In control. No longer self destructive. I had it all figured out. Your braincircuit resets around 2 years right? ..Since new years i made the decision to let alcohol back in my life. I was on parole. Curious if i could handle it. If i would be normal now. Maybe i brainwashed myself on this sub. I have been on here every day for my first year it has been my only source of support or therapy. I learned so much about alcoholism and addiction. Managed to give up smoking to on and a half years ago. But somehow i found it hard to aply all that knowledge to myself. Was i really more likely to get addicted? Does it really work like that? Is it in my DNA? I had serious doubts. I got myself into trouble. The addiction i suffered from was a product of ruthless self destructive immature behaviour. I chose to go down that line and got caught up in it. That was the old me. Maybe know i could handle it like a normal person. Boy wouldn't that be nice?..And i did for a couple occasions. No biggie. Nothing special. Just once or twice a week with friends or family. And ok what the heck one bottle of wine alone that night. I got this. That's how i will do it. Next week three normal drinking nights and another secret one with a bottle of wine and a joint. Why not?? Slipt and fell that night. Busted a rib. Whoopsydaisy. Better not tell anyone and hide the bottle. 3 days of abstenence and you are good to go again. I got this! (right?!) Week 4 (this week) enjoyable weekend not too much to drink. Than shit hit the van this monday. A situation was getting out of control at my job and i felt forced to resign. A big decission causing a lot of stress. That night i went on a bender. I lied to myself for about 2 triples and half a bottle of wine. Than i was back in full kamikaze mode. Drank the whole night smoked cigarettes too (gotta reset that badge as well). ..Tuesday's hangover was gruesome. I have not felt so sick and dissapointed in myself in over 800 days. I confessed to my girlfriend and some other people who knew what was going on and told them i have to go back to NOT DRINKING ANYTHING. I am not in control. I am shocked how easily i can fall back even though i should have known. ..This experience makes me realise it was not in my head. It is very real. I can alter my mind any day easily and flush my life down the toilet. That beast will never die. That is who i am and i have to accept this. I am sure most of you will understand...The few nights i drank like a normal person where not that nice. I romanticized it way too much. It's not that special. And definitly not worth opening up pandora's box for. ..And now for some uplifiting music to help us through this struggle:..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztJp_Ty-Hcs
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharingand I hate you're hung over but what a message.  We as alcoholics can't let that guard down.  I too have that Pringles issue where it's not the pop its the can't stop.  I'm proud of you though for hopping back on the sober train and sharing your experiences as you never know who you'll help today.  I know you at least helped me recommit to this thing.  Love the sly and the family stone hope you get to feeling better and luckily can be your last hangover.  IWNDWYT!
That illusion is powerful and the cornerstone of AA...I too have fallen prey to this illusion in my first relapse after getting off of probation.  I started slowly but soon I was back to using daily. Didn't take more than a month to get back to the same shit and then get worse...For our drugs of choice it triggers something inside of us. It's that feeling of being OK that feeling of relief. That is a dangerous feeling. "Normal" people don't get that reaction to substances. They like it but they can forget about it. When I indulge I cannot forget it. Doing it makes me want to do everything else. It truly is pandora's box...I had a small relapse recently that was born from getting the fuckits and not the illusion but opening that box even for a minute has made everything difficult again. I have to call several people a day in order to be okay for now...It's so much easier to stay in then to go out and come back in.
That was very selfless of you too share and Im sure it will hit home with at least one person  who may be going through that right now. Thank you for reminding me what happens and I'm glad you made it back. Could have been much worse...IWNDWYT
Thank you for your honest post. I am just over 6 months and needed to hear this. ..I did have one glass of wine a few times and realized that I didn't even like it or the feeling it gave me the next day. So on the times you did drink that were 'no biggie' did you truly enjoy it or were you convincing yourself that you did? I just want to stay in a place of being honest with myself and am curious; is it that easy to fool myself? ..Love the Sly vid so...Welcome back we missed you! Peace. And I am staying sober with you today.
It's going to be tough and seem daunting to climb that 800 day ladder again but I really hope with this sub's support you'll join us back on the wagon..One day at a time is all you can do and with a strong mentality and resistance to liquor temptation you'll get on the right track again..Iwndwyt
Welcome back and thank you for reminding me of the perils of my mind saying "I'm better now!"
I am right there with you buddy the only difference being you caught yourself early. IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing. ..I'm planning a camping trip soon with just the guys and I've been considering taking a couple of pints. I believe I'd be ok on the trip but I'm concerned about after I get back. ..Your story has helped me remember all those times I thought I was better and could now handle it.   I can't. One is too many and 100 is not enough. ..Thanks again IWNDWYT. 
Welcome back :)...&gt;Slipt and fell that night. Busted a rib. Whoopsydaisy!!!..Same here my friend. And you'd think maybe I'd *learn something from it?!* Nope. Had to keep on drinking...The good news is that you and I are here right this minute. It's going to be OK. Hope to see you here more often now!
Man thank you for the courage to share.  You are back and that is all that matters.  That shit is scary; a few drinks and it leads to full kamikaze mode as you put it.  It is a beast and moderation is hell.  It won't work for me I know that.  Stay strong!  Some great insights in your post.
I hate to admit that lately I have also been feeling "over it" secretly...as much as I post otherwise around here. So much if my life is in such a much better place that I'm sure I could "get away" with it without major repercussions...But I have to stop myself and realize how retarded that sounds. My life is in a better place *because* I have stayed sober...There's a story I heard in rehab about a three legged dog who is so satisfied he hadn't been hit by a car in so long he was considering playing in traffic for old time sake.
Thank you for your post! It struck a cord with me also. Your strength and self-reflection are inspiring.
well at least the music is great!? I'm going through some stuff right now too... but that song is gold and IWDWYT 
Man I'm *really* glad you wrote this. I made it to 292 days decided to see if I could control it over the holidays and did but came home bored last Friday and just... binged. Out of control regrettable actions horrible 2-day hangover and stark reawakening. Just did the hardest thing and reset my counter. IWNDWYT
Fuck! But welcome back...
Thanks for the post. I needed to hear it. I need to remember I drank to get drunk. Period. I always did and will again if I try to drink again. Deep down I know I have no interest whatsoever in  drinking in moderation . For who?  Everyone else? So I can be like everyone else?  I'm not like everybody else. I'm me. And if I drink sooner or later I'm going to let it kick back into gear and do what I want to do. Get wasted. This will never change for me.   It's ok though. I'm ok though. It's just the way it is. I just need to remember who is inside my skin. A nice guy with a sleeping demon lying in wait. Better off to keep that bastard asleep. Again thanks for your post. You helped me today. I will not drink with you today. 
Thanks for sharing this. ..I'm sure glad I checked this sub today! My brain has similar tendencys. Keep writing your story!
Around here we don't want one drink; we want ten.  The first couple are next to pointless to me.
In the end these lessons are crucial for us to learn that we will never be able to moderate. I had a bad relapse but I'm grateful I did because now there's no lingering doubt in my mind. Thanks for sharing your story. IWNDWYT
"It's not that special."  ...  .I could not agree more after my reset at 587 days.  We got this man.
The funny thing is that an alcoholic wishes so desperately for the ability to  casually  drink. But the more you think about it what does that even mean?..The ability to spend 45 minutes sipping a single beer or mixed drink as some adults do?  At that rate you will either barely feel it or probably just feel sleepy. There won't really be any  high  involved. ..The alcoholic *truly* wishes for the ability to get drunk yet suffer no consequences. ..**This is not possible.** 
Thank you. Be well friend.
Thank you for posting this. Very timely. IWNDWYT 
Thanks for your bravery. IWNDWYT 
Great post.  It's such a daily thing.  I had six days yesterday and feeling good.  But 8pm hit and I got super anxious.  I didn't have a plan so I found myself in front of several pints throughout the night.  Ended up texting a friend at midnight with ridiculous drunk foolishness and was asked to stay away for a while.  Embarrassing and humiliating.  And painful.  And so drinking helped right?  HAH.  What a giant lie.  More than happy to reset glad I'm here glad I'm alive glad to keep fighting.  Thanks for your post!
iwndwyt!
So glad you're back! I know tons of people who thought they had  outgrown  their old behavior.  I know better now!  You are far from alone and I'm.so thankful things didn't get any worse any faster. I'm sorry for the pain you've experienced. From what I've seen in the two and a half years I've been sober your best best now is to just dive into your community and find someone to help. Let go of any potential guilt and shame and keep going. You got this! 
Dang dude I'm sorry. For what it's worth though you have to remember that quitting any addiction isn't so much about "longest streak without a drink" but "decreasing the number of drinks I'd have over an average period of time like a year."..In other words say you stopped drinking on January 1st aiming to go sober for a year. You manage it with one exception on a day in the middle of the year. That's still a whole year with only one day of drinking! You should be proud of the fact that you got as far as you did and now you know for a fact you can do it again! Best of luck.
Best of luck with your struggle. IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing your story. Really hits home for me today. I've been having a lot of cravings all day and your post as well as the comments below helped put things back into perspective for me. IWNDWYT.
Thanks for sharing your experiences here. Sorry for your troubles you may now have finally completed your research. You can move on for good this time my friend.
IWNDWYT!
Welcome back!..I went through a similar experience (relapsed after 5 years sober) and no matter what my monkey brain or so called friends try to lead me to believe I absolutely cannot moderate.
A small step in the right direction is still the right move to do!
I am so sorry for your relapse. It's over now and your back here where you belong. I'm certain that it will prove to have been a great learning experience. I will not drink with you today  
Thank you for being brave and telling us what happens when we go back out and do more research. For the addicted there is no moderating long term. This is one reason a support system is SO important.  We need to have it reinforced that we are different than non-addicts. We us for different reasons than "normal" people. We have an obsession to drink or use. Eventually if you are dealing with your issues and growing emotionally the obsession and desire to drink will disappear. You will grow beyond being that person who needed alcohol to feel good. You will feel good without it. Welcome back let's get back to trudging the road.
Sorry to hear that but glad you came here and posted and got back in the game IWNDWYT
The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker.  The persistence of this illusion is astonishing.  Many pursue it to the gates of insanity or death.  BB of AA pg. 30.This is 100% true for me as I'm an alcoholic.  If you believe you're one as well a spiritual solution is the only way out.  If I'm controlling my drinking I'm certainly not enjoying it.  Once I start I cant stop anyway no matter what the consequence.  .Welcome to the club my friend.  The insanity can cease if you choose to work the steps.  I promise..Thanks for the post!  Reminds me of where i used to be.  And i cant keep it if I dnt give it away so i hope you got something out of the message.  Good luck to you!
As the years went by the lifestyle of casual drinking developed into daily drinking for me. If I relapse I start right where I left off and that is not worth it. My last relapse led into drinking for a week straight no matter if I had work the next day. Frantic drinking fueled by all the restraintment and the disappointment of realapsing. Everything turns into shit very quickly with that recipe. Best to stay away from the bottle. It's an addictive poison. What good to expect from something like that?..IWNDWYT
Thank you so much for sharing this 
Oh man do I ever relate to this.  Thank you times ten for posting your experience.  I will never have just one drink and be satisfied with it.  And like you said drinking like a normal person is nothing to write home about.  It's not that special and it's definitely not worth the risk of sliding down that slippery slope...So glad you are back here and that you are getting back on track.  Wishing you all the best!..
I love ya man we've all been there. I'm glad you've recognized and reacted so quickly. .We all know what a sneaky fucker alcohol is. Keep as vigilant as you can mate
I'm so sorry for your troubles. Thank you for sharing your experience and welcome back!  
I really appreciate your honesty and courage for coming back here and reporting your experience.  I need to be reminded that while the slide may be gradual if I pick up again I will indeed fall.  My life is so much better without booze.  I'm so glad you're back here with us!  Onward!
Thank you for sharing this. I don't ever want to get comfortable complacent or utter the words "I got this."..Welcome back!! IWNDWYT    
Thanks for sharing this with me. Until I was done that cycle occurred for many years. Someone once said that my body doesn't process alcohol like normal drinkers. After that first drinking the craving begins anew. I might drink socially for awhile but I will sooner or later get serious about it. Then I will be alone again. Just my bottle and my thoughts......So glad you are back and your experience sure helped me reaffirm whats out there.
Thank you for sharing that..
Proud of you for the realization you had :) Hit as many AA meetings as you can right now
Thank you for your post.  It's sheds light on how easily the poison will take us back down to where we were.  I'm so glad you're back with us!  We need your support too.  We are all in this journey together.  IWNDWYT my friend!
Moderation will never be in my.life... so far..thanks to many posts on SD I am constantly reminded sobriety is a choice and you need to consciously make that choice every day. .stay vigilant my friends. 
Thank you for posting your story.
I relapsed a couple times as well.  It's not easy.  Your brain is one sly little mother fucker...While you're sober you think your addiction is hibernating.  Actually it's going to CrossFit twice a day drinking smoothies and eating steamed chicken breasts and broccoli waiting for you to fall.  It did for me twice so I feel you...I was sober going on about two years when I had a sip (ONE SIP!) of a Moscow Mule and in spite of a very interesting dinner companion who was a great conversationalist all I could think about was how god-damned wonderful vodka is.  That showed me that there is no social drinking in my future.  Best sip I ever took as it taught me a valuable lesson.  ..Sorry you need to reset your badge after 800 days.  But you learned a ton of skills and a lot about yourself to get to that point.  All things you can use now.  I know you can do this.  Let's not have a drink with each other!!
Hey fellow relapser! I am back going strong now and you will too!
Thank you so much for the reminder. So awesome that you're back and helping the rest of us. IWNDWYT 
In those two years of sobriety did you have a sponsor work the steps and go to meetings or not?  ..I'm curious as I don't want to do all of that  but maybe that is what we need to recover after all. 
As others have said thank you for sharing. I relapsed after over a year and picking myself back up was one of the most difficult things I've done. This is inspirational and tremendously helpful. Thank you. 
Glad you are back on the horse! That's the most important thing. ..I have almost six years but I go back to AA twice a week just to remember: I'm an alcoholic and I can't drink. For far too long I tried to moderate. Every time I failed. ..Now I'm afraid that if I do ever *relax* and start drinking thinking I can handle it I'll go on a bender and not being used to drinking and controlling myself while I was drunk - a skill I almost perfected after 30 years of boozing - do something really stupid like get behind the wheel. ..Welcome back! At least you didn't get a DUI or hurt someone. And you've learned a lesson. Those are the positives. IWNDWYT.
Thanks so much for posting. Same thing happened to me after 14 months. I too had a handle on it. Hah! I'm so glad you came back! Someone smarter than me said:..   When I control my drinking I can't enjoy it. When I enjoy my drinking I can't control it. ..I won't drink with you today. 
Welcome back. Glad you're here...Thanks for posting. I need to read things like this to remind me how horrible it is out there drinking.
You drink you will die
Sorry this happened but as I near four digits (tomorrow!) this reinforces my commitment to sobriety. 
Thanks for sharing this. Thanks for describing it so well. Thanks for coming back to SD! And thanks for the Sly album love it. :-)
I think a lot of life long addicts wish nothing more then to be normal. But their view of normal is skewed. Drinking socially and getting drunk are two entirely different things. One is about the people you're with and the conversations had and the other is selfish and only leads to more bad decisions...Thanks for sharing and I'll be glad to lend ya a hand back on to the wagon man.
Thanks for sharing. I'm almost 2.5 years now and have been feeling like drinking/thinking about it the past week. The winter blues are starting to settle in and it's been a busy week at work and I'm trying to find an escape from it all but I realize gin will not help me escape anything. It'll just be another trickier trap. Keep up the good fight. 
I have just over 3 years under my belt and on occasion have thought maybe I would try moderation. I have to remind myself that once upon a time I drank in moderation but that eventually lead to heavy drinking and lots of other really stupid shit. This isn't a road I'm interested in heading down again. Welcome back to sobriety! You hit 800 days so I'm sure you can do that again. 
I find myself thinking this sometimes too (all the "oh I bet I could moderate myself now" stuff) and reading this really helped me gain some perspective on those thoughts and get past 'em. Thank you for sharing.
Welcome back!  Thank you for sharing your story with all of us.  Lots of great lessons and lots to relate to in your story...IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing. I'm going on a little weekend vacation with some friends that I haven't seen since I quit/they don't know I have. And all day I've been thinking it would be sooooo easy to drink this weekend I can have fun and come back to reality Sunday night. ..Except that would mean lying to my boyfriend who also is in recovery my sponsor my friends I've made and ME. I don't want to be that person again. Reading this helps because I know I'm no different and I can't control it either. IWNDWYT
This go around you should get support IRL. This sub is great and everything but if it's the only support you have it's just not enough. It's good in a pinch and it's nice to be in the echo chamber of DRINKING IS BAD but recovery is a lot of work and we need to make real connections with people.
Almost A month in and I was thinking along the same lines like... hey I've gone a month I don't have a problem. See I can control myself. I can't wait to get past 30 days so I can start working g on my second set of 30 days so there won't be the window to let myself lapse. This started off as a Dry January but the more I see I pairing posts like yours the more I realize it should be a way of life not a tolerance break. IWNDWYT!
In once read an article about a woman who was sober for 20 years.  She decided one day to drink again thinking there's no way she could have a problem anymore.  She died that day.....Before I got sober for good I was 3 months sober and went on vacation to Mexico.  I was staying at an all-inclusive resort.  I had the same thoughts of being better and able to handle myself.  It's crazy how our minds can trick us like that.  I started with one glass of wine at dinner.  I felt proud that I stopped at one even though I wanted more.  By the time the vacation was coming to an end I was drinking Margaritas like water and had reopened the floodgates of my destructive drinking.  I didn't get sober again until about a year later...Alcohol is a funny thing.  It pretends to be your best friend the solution to all your problems our happiness in a bottle.  But the reality is that it *causes* all of our problems and *depletes* us of true happiness.  ..I'm glad you caught yourself before you got too deep into it again.  Please don't let it bring you down.  It's a little hiccup that's all.  Be grateful that it's not taking you another year of drinking to get sober again.  You've reset your button and before you know it you'll have those 800 days back.  ..IWNDWYT &lt;3
Congrats!
Thank you so much for this post.  It must have been hard for you to write it.  I have no idea how many people you have helped both old and new.  I see from the number of replies that you have touched a lot of us.  ...Congratulations on jumping back on the wagon again so soon.  My personal experience and of others who have posted is that once you lapse it goes on for quite a while before you pick yourself up again.    ...Welcome back and stay with us a while...  
Hi everyone! 4 and a half months sober for me!!! :).In order not to relapse it is crucial to focus on the benefits on not drinking:.https://theverybestforme.com/the-countless-benefits-of-being-sober/.I made a list which is growing every day! :).Let's beat this poison that imprisoned us for too long and become happier!.Congratulations to everyone!.
This could so easily happen to me. Thanks for doing the recon and for starting a great thread. 
Welcome back &amp; glad you're here
Thank you.   
If I could drink in moderation I would do it all the time....You've described a return to old ways that is very familiar to me. Glad you're back.
