-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajfm0q/30_days_then_fell_off_the_wagon/

Then I struggled to make it more than 2 days. Then I made it 4. Last night at a comedy gig I thought I could just have a few beers. ..The shame part of the hangover is compounded by how I was trying to quit. I know I can do this and I know it will make me happier! I'm not leaving something behind I'm gaining a healthier happier brain and body.
----------immediate responses--------

It's taken me over a year to get 3 months of continuous sobriety continuous being the operative word. Definitely takes some struggle practice and most of all perseverance! 30 days is a big milestone I think! And coming back even bigger     
My first attempt on december lasted 9 days. I got back on board to have a sober christmas. Now I've been 31 days sober still struggling with this. Life feels great being sober the journey has been rewarding and eye-opening but somehow I can't get rid of the feeling of restrainment. It's really weird to feel that way for trying not to harm myself. Alcohol and the drinking lifestyle we have learned to live has some serious hooks on it. Hard to shake it off. One day at a time remains the recipe. I wish a time comes when I don't even think about alcohol anymore...IWNDWYT
I think it's normal. I will soon hit 30 for the third time since Sept 18. It's not great but so much better than the previous two years. We keep on building stamina I believe like in all endurance sports. Here's to a great cup of tea! 
Not what you're leaving but what you're gaininh - great perspective. I will not drink with you today! 
Shame hangovers are the worst. It's almost insane how my hangovers have evolved worse and worse over time. The most recent brutal ones have helped motivate me to stick to my sobriety guns more I guess. Luckily at least for me the changes in guilt and anxiety levels are perceptible in the early days. So that helps. Hope you're feeling okay today! IWNDWYT
