-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ajr93w/saw_the_ugly_aide_of_drinking_from_a_different/

My hubby and I are on vacation we're in Maui and it's been great. I struggled a bit the first day but it's been smooth sailing since and a great holiday. ..Yesterday we were off we did the road to Hana and were tired. So I was trying my best not to put any of that on him we went out for dinner and came back to the room early...He was being pretty short I could tell he had a bit of a chip on his shoulder. In our marriage these aren't easy moods to shake off they fester until we argue. So I wanted to have a quiet night read my book and just relax. I thought giving him some space would help...He had been drinking and was really upset that I didn't want to do anything. And unloaded. Was clearly in the mood to fight and threw a bunch of hurtful comments my way. Wouldn't let me talk. ..I realized we wouldn't get anywhere and just went to sleep. Now this morning he's still trying to defend his position while also saying he said those hurtful comments (that he put work into this trip and I did nothing that I'm mean and fake) because he was frustrated...I'm sure this is true but I also know it was because he was drunk. I remember those fights from the other side. Where I was drunk and everything seemed way worse than it really wasand caused a bigger fight than was warranted. ..It is so nice to be on this side. To know what I said and what happened and not have regrets about how I handled anything...This felt like a great reminder of the darker side of drinking and the crap I don't have to deal with in sobriety...Thanks for listening friends..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this post Turbo.  So true how we do and say regretful things when drinking.  I am truly grateful for the clear conscience and peace of mind I've attained since being sober.  You did the wise thing have a wonderful vacation  
Sorry that happened I hate bad times on vacation because I feel extra guilty for not having fun--like Im a failure at vacation lol. Good for you for doing your best to create space and peace. I hope things get resolved soon. And at least the road to Hana is beautiful!..When I was mean while drinking I would double down the next day because not to would be admitting I had acted that way simply because I was drinking which is something problem drinkers do. It was a part of denial. 
I hope the rest of your stay was much better than this. And I hope your husband sees the personal growth you have made during your sobriety and he chooses to do the same. ..Side note. I visited a friend in Maui less than a year after I quit drinking. He legit downplayed how much he drank. By the time we got to Hana to camp out for the night he *finally* admitted to having a drinking problem after crushing an 18 pack of beer every night I was there. The smell pouring off of him was overpowering.  I love him like a brother but I don't think I can visit him again while he's drinking. 
I am confident we can grow together but in the meantime this is a major bummer...I'm sorry to hear about your friend I hope he gets well soon. Hana is such a peaceful restorative place I hope you can go and soak it up again soon!
What I noticed after the first few months off alcohol is that I felt like I had started to grow up and become an adult... not a moment too soon either because I am 46 lol.   It occurred to me that constantly being drunk and planning my life around drink (also using it to drown out my problems/worries) actually held my personal development back in ways I just didn't appreciate...&amp;#x200B;..What I'm saying here is you may notice in the weeks and months to come that the perspectives of you and your husband may grow further and further apart if he doesn't change because you are changing fast!..&amp;#x200B;..You are doing an amazing job under pressure IWNDWYT
Or maybe he was bored and he's allowed to want to party on vacation because he's not the one with a problem. 
This rings so so so true! It's also showing me the growth we could and should have achieved earlier in our relationship that we didn't get a chance to because I was hiding in the bottle. Time to put some necessary work in.
I've been there and totally commend you! Not only are you on a tropical vacation and haven't drank but not getting sucked into a drunken argument as well nice work! I remember those drunken fights with my now ex husband and they were awful. So glad to be on the other end not having to worry about what I said and how I acted. IWNDWYT
