-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aju88x/coming_up_on_my_goal_of_90_days_and_evaluating/

First and foremost: I recognize that every individual's relationship with alcohol is very different. I think of alcoholism as a spectrum rather than a 1 size fits all diagnosis. For those of you who have committed to lifetime abstinence from alcohol I have a great amount of respect for your self-reflection and commitment...&amp;#x200B;..I'm also sure that some of you have been at a similar crossroad in their life and would like to glean some wisdom...&amp;#x200B;..I am 30 years old. I had my first drink when I was like 18 or 19 but didn't ever really start drinking with any regularity until after I turned 21. I was a daily drinker but never a "get hammered and pass out every night" drinker. In reflecting on my relationship with alcohol I think it is in many ways closely linked to my ADHD. To those of you who have or have intimate knowledge of ADHD one of the biggest and most common struggles is procrastination. The constant feeling that I cannot finish tasks or get anything done is very draining and defeating. Alcohol was a way of self-medicating and numbing myself to the self-defeating nature associated with ADHD. For example: I forgot to send in the car registration payment and now my tags are 6 months old... Rather than bite the bullet and get it done I'd have a few drinks; it doesn't fix the issue with my car but I cared and stressed about it significantly less...&amp;#x200B;..I had some friends over to watch a sporting event on November 1st of last year and we drank a lot. I got pretty drunk and after all of my friends left I started feeling depressed. Really depressed. I was wondering what I was doing with my life and really down on myself. I am not sure that alcohol was the problem but it certainly was not a healthy solution so I decided that I would cut it out for 90 days and see where I am at...&amp;#x200B;..I have tried very hard to not let my decisions impact my social life. If a friend was celebrating their birthday at a bar/restaurant happy hour I would still go and just drink soda water. I was unwavering in my commitment to 3 months of alcohol free living. My wife who is a saint and has a very different relationship with alcohol than I do (she has the super power that many of us struggle with... the ability to have a single glass of wine and not feel the intense craving for another) has given up alcohol with me. There have been moments where it has been difficult (Christmas for example- we hosted the whole family and I was cooking all day while everyone else was eating drinking and being merry) it has by no means been a daily struggle: more like a different routine...&amp;#x200B;..Now as I approach 90 days I am self-reflecting... I have saved a lot of money but sadly stopping drinking did not make my ADHD go away... My car registration is still past due and now I just carry that stress with me rather than having a method of escaping it. At times having to face my problems head on has felt much harder without alcohol because I am forced to face the ugly truth of the way I am wired...&amp;#x200B;..My drinking has at times definitely compounded the issues. My fear is that after I complete my 90 days I will just start marching down the same dark hole. I know it is a slippery slope. I read posts from others sharing their stories about how they wished they'd been able to recognize that alcohol was the problem earlier. Maybe I am playing mental gymnastics to convince myself that my drinking is not \*MY\* problem and I'll quickly be right back to where I was. Maybe not. After day 90 I have no intention of going to a bar and getting hammered. I guess as I approach the 90 day mark I wonder whether or not to continue on with my sobriety. I'm wondering if consciously committing to when I can and cannot drink and sticking to that will quickly turn into making excuses to drink daily like I was doing before...&amp;#x200B;..Sorry for the long overshare. Whatever decisions we all make today I hope you will all join me in not drinking; definitely not today.
----------immediate responses--------

What next after 90 days? 91 days.
Kudos for 85 days!..I am treated with medication for ADHD. It helps me stay sober. ..See /r/ADHD.
Like you I have ADHD and I was drinking to self-medicate for an underlying condition (insomnia). I gave up drinking starting on January 1st in order to reevaluate my relationship with alcohol as well...My best advice is that going forward have a solid plan as to what your goal is. Want to stay sober? Stay sober. If you want to start drinking in moderation set objective limits. What is moderation for you? One drink per week? Two? Set those boundaries. You can't stick to them unless you set them...Be careful though. Many people (including non-alcoholics) struggle with moderation. Be very aware of yourself...Congrats on your 90 days!
Based on things I've read and people I've talked to I decided that a year was needed for me.  My mind and body continue to change adapt etc. after six months.  I can't recommend a course all I can share is that many dimensions of my life and body continue to morph.
I don't know that I ever really made a decision to give up drinking for life. I went into this for 30 days. Then long enough for my antidepressants to work. Then long enough to finish working the 12 steps. Then my brother asked me how I quit drinking. Then my sister asked me how I quit drinking. And one day I didn't need the antidepressants anymore. Eventually I came to the realization that in spite of having ADHD alcohol never helped me achieve anything. It only held me back. Today I am just a non-drinker. It seldom enters my mind unless I am posting here to support others. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Have you ever treated your ADHD with the recommended medications? ..&amp;#x200B;..I respectfully disagree with the spectrum theory you can either have a single drink and think nothing else of it or you cant i never saw the point in having one two or even three drinks and calling it a night it was all in or nothing.
I'm in a similar boat. I have OCD and often drank to numb the stress and anxiety that comes with that disorder. But what I realized and try to remember is that alcohol wasn't actually fixing that problem just temporarily covering it up. So now I am working on actually tackling the issue itself. Not easy and it will be a long project but the goal is to make more meaningful progress in addressing the root issues causing the stress and anxiety in the first place. Basically I liked the way alcohol made me forget about my problems for a while but I'd like to stop kicking my problems down the road...Also for what it's worth the stress anxiety and most especially feeling of helplessness that comes with OCD often made me feel majorly depressed. Just in the short time that I've stopped drinking a lot of the deep depressive moods and thoughts I'd been having have abated to a significant degree. I think that's partly due to the feeling that I'm actually (finally) trying to do something to improve my life circumstances...In terms of your next project could focusing on ADHD which you mentioned helped caused your drinking be it? Like my OCD your ADHD isn't going to go away but perhaps we can both find ways to tame our beasts a little?
&gt; My car registration is still past due and now I just carry that stress with me rather than having a method of escaping it...Using alcohol to escape responsibility I can assure you ends badly (from personal experience). I'm trying to learn to let the stress motivate me to action..
IWNDWYT
While getting sober isn't going to make everything perfect I continually ask myself am I better off sober or back in the drinking routine? I'm healthier more stable and have more money. If someone told you that you could improve those 3 things would you? I sure would.
Man I totally get this I'm goal oriented too. Was planning on a month and am still on a sobriety honeymoon so want to aim for 3 - but perpetuity is not a goal I'm wired for...I don't have an answer for you apart from the fact I think a year is an amazing goal that is truely admirable and I hope I have the courage to push on!..One thing that is helped me is running. I have an event I'm training for and that distracts my goal orientated personality ..Good luck
