-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ak1u6j/just_wanted_to_tell_my_own_little_story_for/

I haven't struggled with alcohol the way a lot of people here have but I wanted to tell my own little story and share with people who also don't really struggle but could be at the very beginning stages of taking the wrong path which I think I found myself on. ..Basically for about 2 years I was having drinks about 5 times a week. I'd go to work go work out eat dinner then have 2-3 drinks to unwind as I played video games or watched TV and go to bed. On weekends (usually just one night) I'd have a big night out and drink double that. I was usually hungover on either Saturday or Sunday morning depending on which night I went out. I just got tired of that and I got tired of not having "restful" nights' sleep on weekdays that I drank because of those 2-3 drinks...It was a nice way for me to relax but I decided I needed to do something different after the new year so I quit drinking like that once I realized my tolerance was starting to increase. I didn't want that to happen and have to drink more for the same effect...Now since January 6th I've only had one night where I've had a couple drinks (which was the 19th) and that was all. I had those drinks to see if I could have a night of a couple beverages and then return to not drinking....basically consuming in moderation and what I consider to be a "normal person". I typically think of my mom and how she will have drinks just 1-2 times a month. ..I'm happy with this and I feel great. I probably won't have another drink until some very special occasion and I don't mean a night out with friends. Who knows!..Now I realize many of you might snap at me and say I shouldn't have drinks ever again but this sub's description also says "control" their drinking (in addition to "stop drinking") which is what I believe I'm doing successfully. ..Just wanted to share. Thank you for reading :)
----------immediate responses--------

I think you're very self aware and made a very smart decision.  Your future you will thank you.  Many here have  proven through experience that moderation isn't an option.  It may be for you and if so that's great.  If not you sound in tune enough to recognize that it isn't.  Either way thanks for sharing this.  Maybe that person who is just starting to suspect they have a problem will stumble across this.  Thanks for sharing!  
At the end of the day I think the goal of this sub is to get each person in control of alcohol rather than alcohol controlling the person...One of my sobriety apps says everybody can have a healthy relationship with alcohol. But for some people this means not drinking or drinking in a controlled way.
No one will snap at you (I hope). If you have time read the naked mind book (I listened to it as an audiobook on iBooks) it will help explain to you why you want to hold on to alcohol in  moderation  and challenge that perspective in a healthy way...It changed my perspective anyway which I feel was similar to yours. Either way I'm sure you will choose the right path for you and power to you!!
Feeling pretty much in the same boat as you mate. Had a bad experience (things coming to a bit of a head)  a few weeks back quit drinking for around two weeks and felt fantastic. Went away on holiday and managed to have a couple of beers while still feeling on top of things and happy while I was away but now that I'm home I've been back drinking pretty hard again and generally feeling miserable. ..Today I've decided to just stop pretending to myself that I've got it under control and taking the plunge into full sobriety. Not sure if I'll do it forever and hopefully one day I'll be able to have a healthy relationship with the drink but for now I think it's time to just go for it and see where it takes me. Day one down and I'm feeling pretty pleased with that choice. Long road to change my attitude to alcohol entirely but from reading posts on this sub I'm inspired and ready to take it on. 
