-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ak1zjc/6_years_of_hell_1_year_of_growth_and_today_my_1/

January 26th 2018 I woke up in the morning and decided it was time. I'd been a (mostly) daily drinker for almost 10 years with the last 6 being the hardest and most grueling. That day I pulled the plug and quit...On that day I was in the final weeks of a brutal child custody battle I was driving a car that was falling apart my love life was non-existent I was living in a tiny apartment and struggling to keep my bills paid. Happiness was something that I would never feel again. Or so I thought...That morning I awoke terrified of what was ahead. How would I de-stress after work? How would I handle social events? Hot summer days without a patio pint? Cold winter days without a shot of whisky? How would I be able to handle losing my kids if it came to that? ..In the coming months I won joint-custody of my children and we have built amazing connections based on love respect presence and fun...In the coming months a number of work related successes were noticed and I was promoted to a director position. (I'm still the only female on the technical leadership team of 10 people but hey one success at a time ;) )..In the spring I moved out of that apartment and into a house. We have since built a home together with a backyard and a driveway and a beautiful garden with a beautiful tree. In the summer we had picnics under that tree and this winter we built snowforts. ..In the Autumn I fell in love. This time though it wasn't based on codependency or self-destruction it was based on openness communication and self-love. We have built a strong foundation coming into this year and we're excited to see where this goes. ..This week I sold my 2006 Volvo S60. I bought a brand new 2019 Honda CRV. After the initial emotions of having a new car subsided I realized that this car was a metaphor for where I am in life. I am more comfortable I am more efficient there's more room for my kids and we're ready to adventure...&amp;#x200B;..If you're on the fence about quitting or if you feel like it won't be worth it just trust me. It gets better every single fucking day. Some days are hard as shit but those are the days when your growth is happening. ..&amp;#x200B;..You got this.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on a YEAR and on all of your accomplishments!..I love hearing about all the endless benefits of sobriety. Keep going :).
Congratulations on your year!  I have nothing as dramatic as your year mine has been an awakening. Like coming out of a foggy dream.  I am taking steps to better myself both mentally and physically. ..  I agree with you 100% if you are on the fence try sobriety.  
Great story! This is inspiring. Love the car as a life metaphor - makes so much sense. Congratulations  
Awesomeness! IWNDWYT  
Excellent post it made me so happy to read about your major improvements over the last year.  Your children are lucky to have you in their lives.  You are teaching them so much by improving yourself and being the best version of yourself.  Well done!!.  
yes yes yes! i love how you pointed out that the hardest parts are where the growth is. that is so true!
I love that last sentence!
What a great post!!! Thanks for the encouraging words. IWNDWYT 
Really happy for you. 
Way to go!
Oh wow. This gave me chills. So happy to see where you are and how you've grown - thanks so much for sharing.  
IWNDWYT!!!
Amazing. I am so proud of you internet stranger. What a great post.
Awesome job! And Congratulations on your promotion!
Happy soberversary! Well done.
I needed this thank you.  IWNDWYT. 
Thank you for this. I am facing down a possible divorce but today I just took the small step of buying new drinking glasses that don't shout "remember the tasty wine you had in me" (because every glass was a glass I drank wine out of). IWNDWYT
Nice.  Thanks for posting.  
Congratulations and thank you for sharing. I needed to hear something encouraging right now   
Inspiring !! Just what I needed to hear   
