-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akd8u5/one_year/

Hey guys! I'm at one year!!! I'll spare you the looking through my history to see how terribly miserable I was (you cant see the throwaways before this one anyways) and just tell you - I was suicidal on a regular basis. I hated myself my life  my everything. I was stuck in that cycle of drinking to block out the shame being more ashamed by drinking  etc etc. .I was ruining my relationship with the best man I've ever met..I was teetering on the edge of being fired..I was not the kind of mom I want to be..I was filled with self loathing shame anger and burying it in booze didnt help..I was so miserable that I planned on taking my life when the waiting period for the house insurance was up (so my family could keep the house).BUT THEN I QUIT AND EVERYTHING GOT BETTER??. - Sort of..I quit. (For 3 days) And relapsed. And quit again - this time for longer ( 4 days) Repeat for almost 2 years after I admitted I had a problem. Seriously guys every week I would SWEAR it was the week and usually I would do good until the weekend until i gave in again. BUT I KEPT DOING IT..Slowly those 3-4 days gave way to a week a month (then relapse) then longer. Today I am one full year in a row without a drink and my life is so much better..I'm now engaged have a new puppy and am planning a baby with the man of my dreams .(none of which I'd have energy for drinking) .I have a new better job with better benefits.I'm present as a mother and am no longer ashamed of me drinking..Theres so much more but i feel like I've rambled a bit. Life is better. It's still hard (i have mental conditions that I'm still dealing with) and I'm not always happy and that's ok because I never feel as low as I did when i was drinking anymore..My point to this post is YOU CAN DO IT. I promise. It's the hardest thing I've ever done but it is so worth it. You may not do it the first time you try and THAT IS OK. You learn a little more on how to resist each time you try. I relapsed so.damn.much. and almost gave up hope. Dont give up. A relapse is not a failure  it's a stumble and you can pick yourself back up. I know it..Celebrate my one year with me everyone and just for today let's not drink. Cheers!
----------immediate responses--------

Tremendous! 
Good for you!  Congrats. That is so awesome. 
CONGATULATIONS!
Congratulations ! You give me hope   
Beautiful! So happy for you!
This is a great reminder for people that instant perfection is not the measure of success.  Congratulations!  You'll be a great mom and will have great empathy for your child(ren)  when they stumble from time to time. 
Congrats !!!    
Congratulations Suzanna. IWNDWYT    
Congrats! That's a huge accomplishment.
Congratulations. IWNDWYT
Congratulations!! Thank you for this honest raw and hopeful post...IWNDWYT    
Well done!!.
IWNDWYT
This gives me so much hope &lt;3
That's awesome! 
Me too!  Happy Anniversary to us!!  Glad we both made it!  Here is to one more day week month and year!  IWNDWYT!
Grats on the 1 year! 2 years for me
