-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akgbhn/how_long_does_this_take/

I've lurked on this sub for a long time finally got inspired about 3 months ago to quit.  Made it to a 45 day streak and another 30 day streak.  Now I'm on day 3 again.  My relapses have consisted of a beer or two or a few glasses of wine.  Ultimately disappointed to have broken the streak but also nothing leading to any major regret or poor decisions...I'm struggling with the expectation vs. reality that removing this from my life seems to have not improved things much.  It doesn't seem to be the way things go for most to read the stories here.  I was probably having 8 or 10 drinks or more every day before for more than 5 years.  There have been some nights where I slept a little better and many days where I was proud about my resolve without really feeling like I was missing out on drinking even in the company of other drinkers.  But I still find myself full of dread in the middle of the night and still want to stay in bed and everything seems to take more effort than it should.  I am exhausted by taking life a day at a time an hour or step at a time; I'm not feeling hopeful that in sticking with it the path forward will present itself and feeling discouraged about how little seems to have changed...How long have the rest of you found they needed to stick with this before things improved?  I've found myself again being tempted by the possibility of any relief even the punishingly short relief that comes from drinking.  I'm not planning on caving this time but maybe helpful to hear any similar stories of inspiration.  Or even stories that are not inspiring but simply true...I recognize this as depression and have taken just about every measure possible to fight against it diet and exercise meditation walks in nature playing music reading and writing teetotaling.  But it seems to amount to very little.  I thought giving up alcohol would at least do away with the incessant thoughts of escaping from life altogether...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

For me it took seeing people I grew to care about continuing to get better. I just stuck around them and didn't drink or use drugs then one day it all made sense from watching others. 45 days then 30 is a good start. I'm at 4 and a half years now and it just seemed normal for the past 2 to not use. 
One thing you might try and I did this with cigarettes is it seems you know how much you were drinking on average per day. So total up how much money you would have spent per week and per month and per year. It's a good short and measurable positive exercise. That money saved alone is a huge plus right now that you're not spending. Even if you're now spending that same amount of money on a new hobby or what ever it's still probably more of a positive activity than drinking all that money gone. Sometimes a different perspective can shake the depression. Sometimes not and that's okay too. Good luck!
I was on an emotional rollercoaster for at least three months it was awful. Then anxiety hit like a ton of bricks. But then I also began to heal and process old stuff for real and even if I can't pinpoint a time where things I don't know changed? my overall relation to this world and myself in it has just continously improved from somewhere between three and nine months. All the time really but that was when all the crap began to lag behind my progress. I've never had a pink cloud or anything my process has been that of a slow sunrise. I've spent most of the time impatient but it's not something I can rush. Today I feel joy and happiness thinking that this is my new life my new reality I'm going to have presence and stability like for ever now. I can assure you I did not see it that way the first six months...You're underway and maybe it sounds like crap but in my sober opinion that's what's important. You're doing great. I will not drink with you today! 
As long as it takes!  There is no magic marker of time passing. Temptations are everywhere.  The struggle is real!   In my experience I would pick up a 30 pack of Bud heavys Friday on my way home from work and come Sunday night they were all consumed by yours truly.  Never once have I found any magic in those cans.  If you need professional help THATS OKAY!  That doesn't make you a bad person.  In fact it makes you a better person.  Do anything you need to keep strong.   Be true to yourself.  Read posts by other people.   Many are in the same boat.  IWNDWYT
I have the same crummy job haven't lost any weight (could stand to lose 20lbs) my relationship with my SO is better but fragile some days I hate my past self and I just came off a week of feeling anxious and irritable. That's at 193 days. So no the rainbows and bluebirds haven't come showering me with magical fairy dust. But I have more self-respect more confidence and overall feel more like a whole person by taking the steps I need to take for my total wellness...I figure the anxiety for me was due to post acute withdrawal syndrome or PAWS. It happened around 30 days then 90 days then just last week. Alcohol messes up brain chemistry (even one drink) and it takes a while to balance back out. I also take a super B-complex supplement and vitamin D to help with mood. There is a lot of information out regarding nutritional supplements and brain health/depression. I am also considering seeing a therapist to help sort out some internal thoughts that bring me down. ...You have started on a path and have done really well to maintain sobriety! Unfortunately the timing is different for everyone. I will never give up this new way of living because the old me was dying slowly and painfully. I try not to compare myself to what I read here. My path is my own as is yours. Peace 2U and I am staying sober with you today..
I have been seeing mention of the  3 week weirdness  which happened to myself and quite a few others. Basically at about 21-45 days I felt like garbage. Sobriety just didn't seem worth fighting through being in a bad mood all the time so I'd usually cave around those milestones. Now at 70 days I'm glad I've stuck with it. I definitely experienced a bit of PAWS but exercise has been helping me with that. It definitely does get better and a bit easier as I approach 90 days however staying sober is still challenging. It still takes work and I still come here everyday but i can now see what people mean when they say to stick with it and that it gets better. Maybe it'll help to give yourself a goal of 90 days? 
I had my bloods done just to make sure that nothing else needed looking after. I was on anti anxiety meds but tapered off them about a month ago and all seems steady...Not plain sailing as life still happens even when I am sober but life is a hell of a lot easier to deal...Have you had a chance to speak with your Doctor?
