-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akixiu/relapsedagain_seeking_advice_please/

I drank Friday. My GF is growing tired of my drinking. I need to reset my badge...again. I just can't seem to stop. The urge is immensely powerful. ..Which leads me to my question: Has anyone had success with medication to assist with the strong urges to drink? Any advice or feedback would be great. Additionally I am seeing a therapist weekly and have plans to see my general practitioner very soon. ..Thanks and much love to ALL  
----------immediate responses--------

It's a struggle daily for me as well. 10 days is my best streak in 9 years. I totally get it. ..I haven't had medical intervention so I've got no advice there. ..However take another stab at it and IWNDWYT!
Antabuse WILL KEEP YOU FROM DRINKING. It won't deal with underlying  issues or reasons    
[removed]
**Reminder to all who comment on this post:** Please keep in mind our rule to speak from the "I" where we speak only from experience and do not tell other sobernauts what they should and should not do...From the sidebar:  This community guideline is not nullified when someone asks for advice. Speaking from the I still applies. .
I took both naltrexone and Campral together and it helped me a lot. ..I just wrote this on another post too. It didn't take away the cravings for me but it made them a lot more manageable. Like turned them from a need into more of a resistable want. The Campral also helps with reducing the depression and anxiety symptoms that can come with quitting drinking. The Naltrexone somehow makes drinking seem less desirable/fun/appealing in your mind and it helped a lot with the cravings...I took the Campral for about the first 10-11 months (tapered down as the cravings/anxiety got less). And I'm still taking the naltrexone because my doctor wants me to take it until I have 13 months sober so a couple more weeks (some people take it for less time though it just depends on you). But they've definitely made a difference for me...I had a lot of relapses too before I'm finally getting some time together and feeling good about it now. Honestly the biggest thing I learned was just to keep trying. Every time I relapsed I would try to figure out just one more thing I could try and keep doing all the things that got me the time that I did have before the relapse. It's frustrating but it's worth it too. My life is so much better when I'm sober. IWNDWYT
[removed]
Thanks so much for this! Very helpful. I'd like to explore these meds or discuss my my doctor. 
I just watched a ted talk about naltroxene today. I'm considering trying it. 
May I ask if there are withdrawal symptoms with Campral? 
