-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akj2cu/kicked_day_5s_butt_and_solved_a_massive_problem/

Day five lost to me!  I won!  I'm also super pumped about moving into day six because I finally found support!  ..I've posted that the hubs isn't really on board with putting down the drink. That also means that my little victories aren't a big deal and he's not terribly interested in helping me with accountability. It was making me feel incredibly lonely and isolated. It was awful and saddening to have your main support system right there and that system didn't seem to want to help. I think it was more that he doesn't know how or he doesn't see a problem. I dunno. ..Currently My liver is not awesome. I have a cardiologist for my BP issues (which are out of control.). My health is not great. Quitting is non-negotiable. ..Fine!  I said today. I have to take the best care of myself that I can!  I called my best friend told her everything and explained that I just needed someone to share things with. Struggles wins concerns etc. She was excited to help and kept telling me how proud she was. Asking how often she should check on me and when does my date change. ..It's such a relief to have someone standing in my corner ready to help me 100% through this!!..Anywho. Long post!  Sorry!  And...IWNDWYT!!
----------immediate responses--------

One week is just over the horizon! Keep on keeping on and keep posting here!  IWNDWYT!
Day six doesn't stand a chance. IWNDWYT!
That is great! Kudos to you and your awesome friend!
I'm in a similar position. .Day 4 after 25yrs of daily binge drinking. .My wife - who continues to drink her wine like it's about to be confiscated - is completely disinterested. .I'm trying to keep it subtle .but I feel so great &amp; so positive!!.This sub is my only refuge at the moment. .IWNDWYT. 
I was admitted to the hospital with acute liver failure. The longer I sat there not knowing if I was going to need a transplant or not the more my resolve to quit strengthened. I chose life over death. Haven't looked back (to alcohol) since then. I was very very sick. After I was deemed stable &amp; discharged I dedicated myself to healing. Physically &amp; mentally. It hasn't been easy. There are still bad days. It DOES get easier. That part is not a myth (though some times it feels like it). Listen to your doctors. I also recommend doing your own massive amount of research about what alcohol was doing to your body. The dark truth about how badly alcohol can destroy your body is a strong motivator to make another day. It's also helpful during doctors appointments. Or at least they're a little less scary when you kind of speak the language. Ask a lot of questions too. I was annoying at first but I'm quickly becoming one of the few  success  stories they have. ..I'm so happy you're finding support! It's also a tool I wouldn't have made it this far without...Prepare for the sweets cravings soon. Don't be afraid to indulge. It's my favorite part about being sober. ..Congrats on making it this far. Stay strong. You CAN do this. IWNDWYT. 
IWNDWYT
My husband is not a drinker and he doesnt want me to drink but he also doesnt understand so he is not capable of being supportive. I too have recently reconnected with a friend who has also struggled. I think we are creating our own AA ;) anyway thank goodness for friends who are supportive when family isn't. Good job reaching out! 
