-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aklp6w/11_days_sober_still_struggling_to_get_up_in_the/

Hi all ..I can't believe I've made it through 11 days. (Some easier than others). I've been struggling with anxiety - which I think may be heightened by my time of month coming up. So getting through that without wine will be my biggest challenge yet... ..Also I thought I'd be bouncing off the walls with additional energy... once I'm up I function way better than I used to but I'm  struggling to initially get up. I just want to sleep and sleep and sleep. Honestly it's not been this bad since I had depression (so maybe related to my anxiety?) but I am definitely not depressed - in fact the opposite on the mood part since quitting. Has anyone else experienced this in the early days? Is there anything I can do to alleviate this? ..Many thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations to you sober twin. Here's to our day 12.
Take a hike! Serious! Early on I too found it hard to get up and get started each day. I followed suggestions to start getting some exercise...however little it might be...and it certainly helped. I was so out of shape that it took some time to do much but I am slowly building up stamina. It is almost a habit now and the lethargy in the mornings is almost gone. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Great work!  Give yourself time.  .I just posted this after 155 days after:.I am reaping the benefits of not drinking!  My trajectory has changed!!  Now I get it.  It's not that I stopped drinking and my trajectory skyrocketed.  It's like I have finally turned the barge 180 degrees and now it's full steam ahead.  ..Examples: .Over the last 5 months my antidepressant dose has decreased by 75 percent...I have increased my work schedule and pay by 20 percent.  (Before I quit drinking I worked 24 hours per week now I work 32 hours per week)...I have met my workout goal of minimum 4 one hour workouts per week   percent since 11/20...My relationship with my spouse has steadily improved...I am meeting my sleep needs...I haven't lost a pound but I have not gained weight either which usually happens to me in the winter...My kids are doing great...I have redirected more than $1500  toward home improvements...I have not wasted energy or time on regretting drunken indiscretions.....
