-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akmwuu/getting_through_a_gig_advice_please/

I'm just over the 2 week mark now and starting to feel the benefits sleeping better and loads more energy after feeling lethargic everyday for the last few years. Feel like I'm doing well better than I ever expected but this is partly due to avoiding situations which involve drink. ..Tonight I'm meant to be going to a gig with my husband and I feel quite stressed when I think about it. I want to go and enjoy it as it's something he wanted to go together but would always drink at this type of event. ..I've explained that I want to arrive just as the main act starts and that if I'm struggling I'll leave and head to a cafe and meet him later. He's fine with that but I want to get over this hurdle as I still want to have a social life. ..Any tips to help me get through the night? 
----------immediate responses--------

I would never have put myself in that situation at 16 days.  For me that would have been way too early for that.  Even though you have a plan the whole idea scares me.  To me it sounds like you may be unnecessarily placing yourself into a difficult situation.  It's hard enough in the early stages without doing that to yourself. There will be other gigs you know just saying.  I wish you luck and IWNDWYT.
I think it's great you're thinking about this.  Having an escape plan is essential.  You e done that.  Sounds like your husband is on board too.  That is awesome...The first year is a first for everything.  It's really difficult.  But each successful evening reigns in an incredible morning.  You'll wake up tomorrow feeling empowered and alive. ..Early in sobriety ( I'm right there with you ) you must be selfish and make sure your environment is safe.  Play the tape forward and know that you can leave if you are ramping up in your mind.   ..You WILL get through this night.  You deserve it.
I've been around drinkers a lot this weekend and haven't felt tempted. What's helped me not be tempted is to focus on how much better my life is going to be now that I don't drink. ..When I've been out I've been thinking about how much energy I'm gonna have the next day how I'll remember it better how I'm not feeling guilty and ashamed for thinking about the next drink more than anything else that's going on. ..There's a term called urge-surfing that I like. You try to ride the cravings like a wave knowing that they'll pass. Might be worth checking out. 
I understand...While I observed dry people and dry places in the beginning I understand the wish to test it out...I found three essential elements that worked for me.  1.  Have an exit plan that doesn't require someone else to get me out of there.  2.  Have a beverage in my hand **always** (coke water coffee).  3.  If a single thought enters my head 'oh one would be OK' immediately revert to #1 and RUN RUN RUN !..Look forward to hearing how it goes.
I went to a concert pretty early in my sobriety.  Going with just my GF who knew I quit and was supportive made it much easier than I thought it was going to be.  But the key for me is always to be fully committed to getting through the night sober no matter what.  If I am thinking beforehand about how one might be ok if this happens or if that happens then I already failed.  It is like the difference in thinking I am not going to have fun I am going to survive and if fun happens too then that's great...Best of luck to you. 
I experienced the other side of this (on stage) when I decided to stop. They key for me in the beginning was to have something to drink in my hand usually water... when in the audience I'd go through so much water since I was uncomfortable without something in my hand. I was well hydrated to say the least.....Observe the crowd. Not as many people are drinking as you think...Being in the industry and stepping away from drinking made me realize how many musicians and fans really don't drink that much or at all. It's mostly in our heads that everyone is drinking so much.
