-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akpr3j/140_days_out_of_the_trap_and_why_this_sub_is_a/

At 140 days into my new life I have many things to be thankful for. So much of what I am thankful for was there all along but hidden under a haze of alcohol-induced anxiety and depression. One thing that I am continuously thankful for is this group. I credit much of my ongoing success in sobriety to the inspiring and informative stories and support I read here every day.. .I haven't submitted in a while but I was inspired to do so when I saw many of the stories here of people who have run aground in their journey and fallen (sometimes just briefly) back in to the trap.. .Firstly   I make no assumptions or harbor no illusions that I am fully  out of the trap' and therefore in a place to pass judgement/even speak on a relapse. Far from it. I recognize that there are multitudes of reasons that people relapse on alcohol many of which I am so far blessed to have not encountered. I can only hope and pray that when inevitably faced with dark days that I will not reach for a poison that can only do me (and the situation I am in) more harm than good.. .I am 140 amazing days in and that is hopefully just a drop in the bucket of my new life. But I make no mistake of turning my back on my enemy. 140 days IS ONLY a drop in the bucket   it hasn't been long at all and the beast within us all is happiest when close by and warm.. .What I came here to say today is this: As inspired as I am of the posts of those who have stayed sober with unblemished records   I am so very deeply humbled and inspired to read the stories of people who have tripped along the way and gotten back up. Some people who have gone thousands of days years decades sober only to learn that alcohol in our lives is as dangerous as it ever was.. .You learn a lot about yourself when you put down the bottle after 14 years of hard drinking. It takes a few weeks but once your pickled brain begins to un-brine you start to process emotions and truths about yourself in a way that alcohol won't let you. One thing I know about myself is that I can convince myself of a lot of things   good and bad. Maybe you're like me.. .The posts of those who have relapsed prove to me something that very convincing Bullshit Artist in my subconscious cant override.. . There is no way back to normal drinking. . .So many people here have fallen back in that trap. Maybe due to tragedy maybe due to success. It's not for me to judge but I heard something recently that stuck with me  If every drunk thinks their story is special and unique to them then an unalienable truth is that we are all the same. It's all the same story . The truth is that we aren't normal. We can't control it. It controls us and it always will.. .These stories of relapse keep me grounded by showing me the proof of the situation. They serve as an invaluable voice of reason that wont be tamped down by the allure of the drink. Instead of  good work on 140 days. You really proved that you got a handle on this! Moving on you will know how to moderate your drinking knowing a true discipline. . .It's  hey asshole wake up to the fact that abstaining from something isn't freedom from it's grips.  Know this: If you so much as dip a toe back into this pond it will swallow you whole and pull you back to the depths with a vengeance . . .I can convince myself of anything. But I am now convinced of this: If a number of stronger men and women than I can go through years of sobriety to still slip into temptation and be just as lost in the trap then there is no hope for me in  casual drinking'. Its an illusion. A slippery trap with only one destination   the bottom.. .I lived there for years and I thank God and this group for helping me pull myself out. Thank you all for your stories. Every one of them is fuel and inspiration to be better stronger and live my life to its full potential.. .140 days in. A lifetime to go day by day. That gives me peace.. .I Will Not Drink With You Today.. .Michael
----------immediate responses--------

Very good thoughts. I have came across this though - I cannot go beyond the normal drinking habits because I will never be able to have a drink again. This is a real shock to understand that alcohol is not for everyone. Not for me.
This post made me tear. It was wonderfully written! Congrats on 140 days! A lifetime to go and I'm right there with you! IWNDWYT
Great read Michael! IWNDWYT 
Thank you for posting this!  IWNDWYT
