-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akq2k9/365_lurkers_serial_relapsers_come_embrace_the/

One whole year. I'm proud I must say. I could post a whole diatribe about the lies and pseudo intellectualism of the craft beer industry the wine industry the bourbon industry.... but I'm going to try to keep myself in check here. ....I guess to keep it short I'd just like to say: You can do this! I know you can because 366 days ago I absolutely could not but I knew I had to. So I just tried thinking I would likely fail. .....But I didn't fail. Every day got better. Every activity got better. Every relationship...everyTHING got better. .....Don't misunderstand me life is not suddenly perfect just because I don't drink. To be faced with my own realities daily instead of hiding from them. To see the terrifying human condition in the raw for what it is. Hell it's why I drank in the first place. It can be scary at first but I couldn't hide anymore......Not hiding - That is better from the right view point. Owning your life living it remembering it. Being there - warts and all. Trust me. That IS better. ......I have little kids and I was tired of waking up with missing memories. Blank spots filled only by photographs. I have this one shot at experiencing their little lives and also being there for them in the fullest I'm not wasting another second of it. ....There have been many influences and aids along the way. But three really solidified it for me. .....My Wife - My Rock This Naked Mind - by Annie Grace  /r/stopdrinking .....I had to find my own aid devices because they're different for everyone and that's okay! I found it really helpful to reach out to people and tell them my intentions - to keep myself accountable. ....Anyways I said I'd keep it short. Against my better judgement I'm posting some face pics only in the interest of inspiring others. I've dropped 35 pounds just by quitting drinking changing nothing else! I've dropped a total of almost 55 with the help of a few other things. Drinking was a huge chunk of that......Stop lurking in the dark come live in the light - warts and all. .....[One Year Sobriety Face Gains](https://imgur.com/a/DTQoc75)........
----------immediate responses--------

HighFive for 365 /u/TheModernCurmudgeon!        
Wow what a difference! Congrats on a year!!!
absolutely great difference! you seem happy
Absolutely brilliant. I appreciate you sharing! This post was what i needed today. I too am thankful for this community! Hug your kids extra tight and celebrate this year's victory!!!!!!..IWNDWYT 
Well done you look great!..As an aside I actually would be interested in hearing some diatribe about the craft beer industry. That was kinda my thing and now I see it for what it is. An excuse to drink really strong beer without being labelled as a waster / alcoholic because its 'small batch' and expensive. 
Congrats!  Were soberversary twins!..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
You look 10 or 15 years younger. Great job!
Congratulations!!! IWNDWYT
Nice!
Wow is all I can say! We are so proud of you!!
You look so great!  Congratulations!..&amp;#x200B;
Shit you went from a man to a teenager. Unbelievable face gains. Congratulations
I was a craft beer lover who occasionally dabbled in wine and it's similar in both cultures. You're not a drunk; you're a connoisseur. **Riiiiigggggghhhhht**. Made me feel just fine about increasing my drinking levels back around 2005 or so when all my friends started getting into the whole beer festival scene and becoming foodies and wine snobs. Then combine with the memes of the era of 2008 until now about mom wine and all that jazz. Not saying I've been faultless in my decline of course but that culture really made me feel normal and OK with it as it was happening. So yeah I'd actually love a diatribe to nod along in agreement with!..Good job getting free of the bs man! Looking great!
Love this! You look amazing! Congratulations!
Legend! You are what I aspire to be... capable of being a year sober!..&amp;#x200B;..Congrats on your year and best of luck going forward!!
Holy cow!  You're like a whole other person! Congrats and keep up the great work!
You look so much younger. Thank you for being there for your children.
You look amazing. I need to do this so I can see the changes and remind myself once it gets easier why I'm doing this. Thanks for the idea! 
did you quit cold turkey? that's the bit i have trouble with. the all or nothing bit. well done.
Since I stopped drinking I find myself confronted with the lies of our whole society (regarding alcohol) almost every day. Everyone pretends to be a beer and booze expert or a wine sommelier until a point of glorification of certain alcohol. It is also crazy how TV ads are linking alcohol to every positive attribute you can think of. Knowing they sell highly addictive diluted poison in a fancy bottle. But I agree with you. It is not worth to be mad about it...We did not lose alcohol we won sobriety. We are on the winning side from now on. 
Congrats! Did you also use AA? I'm having a hard time with the program personally 
Well done congrats on a year! Face gains are real no more bags under your eyes an issue I have..Thanks for sharing.
This is awesome! 
Congratulation on one year Iwndwyt
Wow you're aging in reverse! Congrats! ..Also totally agree with you re: craft beer/brewery culture. It's just a classy excuse to have your life revolve around alcohol. (But I also miss it to be honest...) I used to live in a town of 70K with NINE breweries and 6 beer-related festivals every year. I'm glad for the sake of my sobriety that I don't anymore.
Congratulations!!
Happy sober circle around the sun!
Congratulations. Thanks for sharing. I appreciate you saying you thought you would fail but made it anywhere. I worry that my doubt of myself will get in my way - that I need some exactly perfect mindset for it to work. I needed to read that from someone who's got through it. Well done to you
That's why I quit while they were still relatively young 6 and 9 where the passage of time and happy memories can push out the bad. I didn't want them to remember me that way. Fun fact : I quit smoking the same day too. It was...difficult....It's almost been ten years for me. 
Actually 365 I would like to read it. To put in perspective and summarize what my mind is trying to translate. Jim Beam is suddenly classy? 
Having to remind myself daily for the last couple weeks that drinking took me to a very dark place. I dont miss it as it was when it was time to end it I miss how it was when it was fun and carefree... when I was young and carefree. It's never going to be that way again as relapses and try outs have taught me over the last couple years. Its challenging to find activites and thought processes that work to fight the urge but in doing so I've found out a lot about myself. You look very pleasant and healthy! Congratulations and I'll gladly not drink with you today.
Your face gains = ROCK! ..Congrats ;).
Awesome job! Congratulations on an entire year. I look forward to the day I can post my anniversary but for now it is still one day at a time. ..I will not drink with you today
Great work man...IWNDWYT
I don't have words for how stinking proud I am of you internet stranger but damn...your light is shining brightly friend.  You look so healthy and so very happy.  Good for you...sober on friend sober on.
Well done! I needed to read this today.
IWNDWYT
Look 10 years younger at least. Great job!
Such a great a story! The way to keep it is by inspiring others and it looks like you're already doin' it. Keep it rollin' brother!
Looking great friend.  Congratulations.  IWNDWYT
Thanks for the encouraging post. IWNDWYT 
