-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/akye6j/this_disease_is_a_killer/

Just lost a former high school teammate who had struggled with alcoholism and addiction to suicide. Given the chance this disease will kill us. Definitely a dark reminder of why I choose to be sober because I know that could just as easily be me if I go back to it. Sorry for the dark post. Sending out good energy to everyone struggling with addictions or struggling through recovery. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

All posts here are good posts! We are here for you
Hi! It's a harsh reality unfortunately no need to apologize for that. I'm so sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT
I always thought if I kept it up that it would kill me in a round about way.  I didn't think I'd just drink bottles of vodka on the couch alone until my organs failed I figured it would be something like suicide a car accident walking in front of a bus on accident something like that.  I wonder how many deaths are related to alcohol and we just don't hear about it being a factor in that person's death.  
IWNDWYT
I had always resigned myself to alcohol being the reason for my death in one way or another..It's nice to finally think it will be something else..Sorry for your loss it's a waste X
I will never forget hearing a speaker in the rooms once say "This disease kills.  In order for me to live some of you must die"...A bit dramatic and perhaps not necessarily true but I think it made the point that really there are only two choices - recovery or death.
Only time I've ever come close to suicide is when I was drunk. If I'd have had the right means I would have done it. So thankful that did not happen! ..Addiction is a monster but the good news is that we can keep it at bay if we commit every day to not indulge it! ..Stay Strong Friends! IWNDWYT
Here's to living and living well for all the short time we have left. IWNDWYT 
Lost 2 friends I grow up with do too Drinking..I will not join them.
