-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/al4nin/sharing_my_sobriety_story/

Hi I am new here. I have been reading the posts and crying tbh because I understand the struggle with Alcoholism. I am over two years sober but it wasn't an easy journey. I am sharing this because I hope my story will encourage people struggling to see that there is life after alcohol. ..I started drinking at 20 years old. It started with going to parties and eventually ended up drinking alone in my room. I made a lot of mistakes. A LOT. Mistakes I can't never fix and hurt people who were good to me. Eventually even my mother and brother gave up on me. My father was still the only one trying but I could tell he was giving up as well. I lost job after job because I always showed up drunk or hung over stinking like Vodka. Because of my drinking I had gotten raped and at one point tried to drink myself to death. The fact that I am still alive is a miracle. Maybe life had plans for me because one time I binge drank so much I was completely sick. By pure coincidence I had a doctor's appointment that day. He checked me and because I had been puking so much my potassium level was dangerously low and had to be prescribed emergency meds. I still remember waiting at the drug store feeling ready to pass out...Well the last time I drank I had to go to the hospital. I couldn't even hold down water I kept throwing it up. It's amazing now that I am sober how much I didn't appreciate the small things in life. I kept asking for water but the nurses refused because they were scared I was going to rupture something. Now that I am sober I appreciate a glass of Ice water something I took for granted. ..My life changing moment? I had moved into an apartment that allowed dogs. My dad suggested getting one and seeing how it might help. I went to the Shelter and picked up this shaggy dog. I didn't realize until after I picked him that he had been on the news and the lady was surprised that no one had called for him lol.  First day I brought him home he kept following me and I was so annoyed (first time owning a dog). I kept thinking  damn I have to go back and return him that lady is gonna be annoyed with me.  But eventually days went by and I started feeling better about my dog. Unfortunately during that time I was also going through major withdrawals. Headaches shakes I could barely get out of bed. I was in so much pain. No one was there by my side. Except of course my little shagging dog. As sad and pathetic as it sounds looking back that little dog showed me more humanity then my so called  friends  ever did.  It was pathetic I was so tired and exhausted I couldn't even walk him sometimes. I would just be lying in bed and my sweet dog would just pee and poo in the corner so not to bother me. He would lie nextto me and put his head near me while I cried. My dog saved my life. One day I tried walking him and I got this huge headache (worst I had ever had) and called the ambulance. As I was walking him back to my apartment so I could go to the hospital I remember looking at him and he looked so happy because I had finally had walked him. I promised him that day that I would get better and I would take him to the park all the time and give him the happy home he deserved. And I kept my word. ..Now I am two years sober. I have a beautiful son and even though it didn't work between me and his father I found love in my life. Things aren't always fun. These past few weeks I have been struggling a lot but not ONCE have I felt the need to go back to the bottle. My life is my family. My dog is happy and even has a new friend. I found my love for running. I found the joy that no bottom of any bottle could ever give me. ..TL:DR Find love and joy in life and don't give up. There is no solution in the bottom of a bottle. Much love! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for taking the time to share your journey.  I'm glad you finally found your freedom. We can certainly learn a lot from animals about unconditional love and being nonjudgmental especially to ourselves.
&gt;  damn I have to go back and return him that lady is gonna be annoyed with me.  ..LOL - "I got a defective dog."..Seriously though great story.  Absolutely delighted to not drink with you today.  Guess we are all shaggy dogs.
IWNDWYT 
Thank you 
Awesome!!  I appreciate hearing your story..IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
I love your story. Thanks for sharing.  
Thanks for sharing.  Glad you found a furry friend!
 I found the joy no bottle of a bottle could ever give me ..Amen to that!
 &gt;Because of my drinking I had gotten raped ..You were raped because someone who had control over their actions raped you. Not because of you. .Maybe you think you could have avoided the situation if you'd been sober but it is not on you. People who are raped are raped when drunk sober high clean in the street at home by strangers by friends by partners and they are always raped because someone raped them. ...Please don't blame yourself. .
