-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/al5n5u/25_days_sober/

Got an owi in October of '16. Tried to stop drinking several times and always end up relapsing. Today I'm 25days sober and 24 days clean of marijuana. (I've tried pretty much every drug but it's been nothing but booze and pot for about the last ten years) I contribute my "success" so far to the fact that my wife threatened to divorce me and my 2yr old daughter needs a better father in her life than an alcoholic. I'm currently in outpatient drug treatment which I don't think does me very much good. One because i hate my counselor and two because during my sessions we mostly just get onto tangents about how f*cked the government is. I've stopped hanging out with all my friends. Even going so far as to quit the band I was in because 3 out of the 4 of us (myself included in the 3) were drinking beers during practice and we planned on playing bars. Not exactly healthy for my goals. If I try not to think about it it's pretty easy not to drink. I guess the hardest daily challenge is after using the restroom i use hand sanitizer as well as washing my hands. I have a tendency to sometimes use too much hand sanitizer and when the smell hits me (they say smell is the strongest sense tied to memory) and those memories of vodka chugging race back to me and make me want to puke. But for the most I'm doing better than i have been in the last 6 months or so. Finally found a job i start Monday after being unemployed for the last 4 months. Anyways I've been lurking on this subreddit for a while now and just thought id post something about me say hi and that there is hope. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a fellow father who sobered up for his kids.  Good job!  Glad to hear you've got a job lined up and are staying away from some of the stuff that was getting you in trouble before...I've _really_ enjoyed sobriety with my kiddos.  I'm so much more present with them and able to enjoy the time we spend together.  And I'm a regular superman at night when they need me.  Changing diapers in a flash blowing noses singing songs chasing away monsters!  I'm on point!  Feels so so good...IWNDWYT
Lots on your plate for sure. But you have to get sober for you! Just like me I had threats of divorce and a 12 year old daughter that needed a better dad. I had tried to get sober or still use on my terms but doing it my way never worked. I had to figure out what pain I was trying to kill and then get down to work in fixing it. Now I am 2+ years sober. When I fixed me all the other stuff just kind of fell into place. There will be rough days but find new and better way to cope. It works if you work it. 
Congratulations on 25 days drink + THC free &amp; finding work!..&gt;and when the smell hits me (they say smell is the strongest sense tied to memory) ..I use rubbing alcohol as hand sanitizer when riding mass transit.  Hate to say it but during my first 2 weeks of sobriety I used to sniff it (heavily) when I had cravings - esp. considering its scent was so similar to the cheap barton vodka I used to drink. ..Happily that nasty phase has passed &amp; now I just use the sanitizer to keep my hands flu-free.  ..Keep up the good work and strength moving forward.  I will not drink with you today!
IWNDWYT
