-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/alcxop/365_days_and_surprisingly_blue/

Dear internet friends.On my calendar today has a huge star in magic marker. I've been a full circle around the sun since putting any alcohol in me one little day at a time. I can't believe it. I really actually can't believe it. .And yet it seems rather anticlimactic. .I want to write a lot here about where I'm at and how much better my life is. It is - a lot lot better. .But today I have some feelings and they aren't really exhilarated. I'm a bit blue. .But it is a feeling. And I came here - to the sober world - to get my feelings back. So behind the blue I'm really grateful to have feelings again including this one. I drank for so many years to avoid them and - was it Annie Grace who said this? - I can't selectively numb emotions. .Thank you to so many of you here for your posts for your honesty for sharing your struggles. I don't think I could be where I am today feeling REALLY FEELING things if I didn't have this place with you in it. .Oh guess what now I'm crying. Happy/sad mixed together but thank you for these tears. Be well friends and I'm not going to drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Cheers to our sober lifestyle! 
Congratulations nostalgia!..I feel you.
Congrats on your solar circumnavigation! :)..I get 'meh' days too. I use it as an excuse to eat lots of crappy food and watch TV lol. Still not very productive but beats drinking  
Congrats!  Pamper the shit out of yourself today.  
Congrats!!! I'm proud of you! IWNDWYT
So happy for you 
Congrats...IWNDWYT
 And I came here -to the sober world - to get my feelings back.  I love this...so true for me too. Celebrate yourself today...you deserve it!
Hey good job. I don't know you but I'm really proud of you.
Milestones often have me conflicted as well. ..But I hope you feel proud today. I'm proud of you...Congratulations.
Congrats my friend!
Congratulations on one year. I wish you the best on the next year. I remember being blue and just wanting to drink so I could pass out and be done with the day. Today as much as I don't like them I still welcome a down day. As you said we are feeling again and that is great. Today's blue day can lead to tomorrow's sunny skies. I will not drink with you today. 
Sometimes it surprises me how anticlimactic sobriety is. It's really great and exciting in a ton of great and exciting ways but those memories are a lot more fleeting than the moment to moment feelings. Especially when you're taking time to feel each exuberant and excruciating thing that goes through your heart. ..Congratulations! I'm really proud and happy for you. 
It was a little anticlimactic for me too. In a way the one week mark was more exciting than the one year. Sobriety and health have become the norm though and that's really really excellent. ..I hope your blue mood passes soon. Congratulations on your year!
Amazing! I hope to be there some day :) Yes my days are full of emotions (i've been trying to get sober since September). Interestingly I didn't want to drink this past relapse to quench those feelings. I was happier healthier and just thought I was normal and could drink. We know how that goes. I digress. You are an inspiration to me :) IWNDWYT 
This is great! Nice job!
One year is so incredible and you are doing a great job. You might Google post acute withdrawal symptoms which last up to two years and seem to hit hardest are big milestones like this. What you're experiencing is completely normal. You are doing awesome.
one year felt like a bit of a let down to me. I thought what's the goal now? 2 years? That's boring. 1 year just wasn't that great but sometimes not drinking is just not that great just better than the alternative. So I just kept going. Congrats on your hard work. 
One year is amazing! I hope to be able to say the same this time next January. ..All I can say about the mood thing is on the occasions I've quit before milestones kinda sucked. They were enormously triggering for me. I guess that's how it goes. I hope tomorrow that feeling fades and you feel nothing but pride in your accomplishment...IWNDWYT!
Congrats on your First Year u/dammitnostalgia!  I think you'll find this upcoming year one of "discovery".  For me the not-drinking part had been established so I started to learn who *shineonme4ever* actually is; and it continues to this day.  Great Job Keep it Going and Many Blessings to You and your Bright Future!
Thank you for the inspiration! A remarkable accomplishment indeed. 
Be well wishes to you too! I am coming up on a year and I have noticed that all my milestones I feel bad. Like I am sad because I expect to be happier- which doesn't make any sense. The happiness seems to come in the times that aren't milestones in the day to day. Thanks for sharing it is an honour to walk alongside you.
First of all congrats!! A year is a milestone that should be rewarded with celebration. Maybe a new something extravagant? I keep getting days like these and I have a theory of why but I'm no scientist so take it for it's what worth. I think the reason we get these blue feelings about not drinking is because our alcoholic brain sees our stopping as a failure to provide it with what it wants. In essence we feel like we've lost something dear to us even though our rational brain knows better. This subconscious yearning to destroy ourselves creeps in from time to time in an attempt to pull the ol' "you can have just one" bullshit that leads us back into hell. I swear if sobriety has taught me one thing it's how powerful the urge to destroy myself really is. I have had many days feeling blue and thinking about how much I miss the drink. But we know better. We know how great we feel and how much better our lives are now that we've found the other side...It's so cliche in a way but a day at a time is all we can do in this life. Today feel blue feel happy feel whatever comes your way. Just know that blue feeling is an ugly beast that wants to kill you and feel it as it passes through you and out the other side. ..I hope this makes some sense and I hope that I can feel a little blue on my one year anniversary because I'd rather feel that than a hangover...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT! And again congratulations on your success. Now go get a slice of pie and a cuppa tea. It's a celebration!
I so relate to this. On a few of my big landmark dates things have not been the best yet overall I'm a million times better off than before. Xo. IWNDWYT
I remember being amazed at 30 days sober *30 while gosh darn days* and now the longer I go the more it seems like smaller amount of time if that makes sense? Now I'm nearly 2 I think "wow only 2 years so much more still to experience"...What I'm saying is a year is a Heck of a long time but it also isn't give yourself time and space and go easy on yourself - your doing great and can only get better. The blues are gonna happen and they're gonna pass. :) 
I hear you sobriety isn't necessarily very "exciting." For me it's about not compounding that misery by drinking congrats on a year! 
Congratulations on one year! I still have mood ups and downs too. I think it takes a long time for the brain chemicals to get back to normal.
IWNDWYT well done!
I feel like we put so much weight on milestone days -- and it's natural that is how we mark progress against where we once were. But it's only one way and really when you think about it kind of an arbitrary way. Time is just a system we've created to keep track of things not real lived experience. I think that's why sometimes you get to a milestone and you realize -- it's just more of the same thing you've already been doing...But you said it all in your post really -- you don't necessarily need a milestone to be meaningful or to mark progress. Your life is a lot lot better you're fully in the world. You came here to be able to feel again and you're here feeling what it's like to be a human and express yourself and be the only one who can be you. Which particular day it is that you're doing that is less magical than that you're doing that now every day. Good job person! 
The sun also rises! 
Great job!
Congrats on a year! So great...Last few months have been rough for me too as I ticked over a year. I hoped and expected getting sober would relieve my depression. It has been disappointing to find the opposite in many ways my depression is worse. ..But hold on now... it is a big BUT and anyone in early days or feeling otherwise down needs to know this ..I will choose sober awareness and depression over cloudy drunken foggy depression EVERY. SINGLE. TIME...IWNDWYT
I had the same experience at and a couple days before my year marker. And I was a bit baffled as to why I didn't feel more amazing and woop woop about the whole thing. For me I think maybe it was a settling in of a realization that my life was going to have to be really different now. And that that fact just hit me gradually but hard. Like "the work is probably just beginning" kind of feeling. And that's a little bit sad tbh. It's like a big sigh that blows away the cobwebs of the old you and it just feels more...I don't know...real. And daunting. ..At any rate congrats to you. You did it. &lt;3 I will not drink with you tonight. :)
That's such an amazing achievement congrats! I can't trust my emotions it turns out can be at the same light two days in a row and be super pissed and angry or completely serene exact same situation. It's all temporary. 
 IWNDWYT 
