-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/alnoiw/im_really_struggling_to_start_again_after_falling/

Hi all..I am in a bit of a dark place at the moment and need some advice on how to get back on the wagon. ..The short version is: gave up the booze for several months last year and felt amazing. Everything improved. Started drinking again around Xmas and haven't been able to out the brakes on. ..I keep saying that "tomorrow I'll go sober again" but I keep finding excuses to put it off another day. ..I'm getting really lethargic. I'm not going to my personal training sessions I'm not showing up for boxing. I'm putting off my work. I'm eating crap food. I'm just feeling really down. ..I'm not getting wasted and passing out in the street. It's literally only a few drinks a night. But I know myself and it's a matter of time before I start drinking too much regularly. ..What's worked for you all? It's Thursday night here. My plan. Was to allow myself to drink Friday and Saturday and then quitting again on Sunday. Work is ramping up again after a quiet patch over the holidays. This will keep me busy and with my boxing and gym stuff I'll be too busy to drink. ..I was doing so so so so well and it's starting to come apart at the seams. I lost all this weight and got so fit. I can feel the weight creeping back in. I'm terrified that I'm returning to the old me. ..I heard a good line from Jordan Peterson in his book which I'm currently reading. Something along the lines of "you can't trust yourself to do the right thing. Your have a NATURE". ..You have a nature. This really struck a chord with me. Knowing yourself is so important. I know my nature is to return to drinking. It scares the fuck out of me. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I made a vow that I would post here before I drink again.  That slows me down when I'm tempted and I get help.  Some folks go to a meeting or call a sponsor when tempted. Coming here every day keeps me going...Best wishes to you! You can do this. IWNDWYT 
I tried to quit on my own many times. I never got very far. I finally had to reach out to every form of assistance available to me-- SMART AA Refuge Recovery psychiatry and for a while Antabuse. .."You have a nature" sounds like how I used to think when I was drinking. I knew I was a drunk and kept drinking because that was just who I was. My "nature" might include addictive thinking and behavior but it also includes self-preservation and a desire to reduce suffering. 
The first thing I did was stop beating myself up about it because it added to my anxieties and gave me less calm to tackle this rationally (because let's face it drinking is not rational). I also let myself experience all the things I already know about drinking: how my wine didn't even taste that good the increased arguments with my husband the weight creeping on feeling shit in the morning worrying about booze breath at work after a late bender.... I didn't beat myself up but I took note. ..I read  Relapse' in This Naked Mind...As I kept taking note the irrationality of my drinking became bigger and I rediscovered the reasons why I stopped. ..I posted on here just like you did...And then I stopped again. Let's do this together! IWNDWYT!
Thank you for sharing I know you have the strength and courage to change and to resist the first drink.  Perhaps you might need additional assistance from AA SMART or professional counselors/doctors.  Ask and seek from wherever and whomever you can!   It is worth it to be sober.  Comeback to this sub group often for support and encouragement.  iwndwyt
It's the hardest times that are the most valuable to get through someone said to me once. Hope you get through it. IWNDWYT.
Holy fuck you are me. I was sitting on 100+ days and feeling like a bad ass in pretty much every part of my life. Mentally I was sharp as fuck. Had been working out and looking good. Just killing it. Then I drank at a Christmas party drank the next night . Another and another. Thought "man I haven't had a Big Mac in a while". Started eating crappy. Went from 161.5 on the old scale...then put on 15+ pounds in 6 weeks. Saw 175 the other day. ..Oh and arguing with the wife...and the wife and my 5 year old daughter arguing...that shit is hard as fuck to be around. ..Saw a quote the other day about stop relying on motivation as it's a fleeting and inconsistent and start embracing discipline. ..It's funny when I was like a month into sober I couldn't believe how much easier life is. Like at work (where I can drink as much as I want really) all the shit that stressed me out when I was a daily drinker it was almost child's play. ..What's the context of that JP quote? I'm guessing there's more to it than what you posted. 
