-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/alu2k7/update_i_checked_myself_into_detox_yesterday/

Alright guys this seems like an amazing support group and I want to thank you for all the kind words yesterday...I went to a hospital that a support hotline said had a detox facility when I arrived I learned that facility had been cut (I guess there is only one detox facility in my city and it was full). The hospital helped me with some of my withdrawal symptoms and sent me on my way. So I went home last night and DID NOT DRINK! I got about three hours of sleep last night and I'm still a little shaky and nauseous but I still feel a million times better than I would if I had picked up a bottle last night...Today I went to my first AA meeting and got my first chip. And I feel amazing about this whole journey I have just embarked on. There are so many caring and beautiful people who struggle with the same thing I'm struggling with. I got hugs and phone numbers for people I can reach out to (whether I'm struggling with the thought of having a drink or not). It was an awesome experience and I fought back tears the entire time...Thank you guys so much for your support. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Welcome to the first day of the rest of your amazing life! IWNDWYT
Hello /u/Shanekwa I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you got help with detox and that you are safe. AA was one of my main supports as well as a therapist. I hope you will go to many more meetings. I found it comforting to be with people who understood what I was going through. ..FYI: I cried at my first AA meeting. 
You're doing so great! Very proud of you! You've got this. Iwndwy!
Well done!! IWNDWYT
Congrats!..I sometimes still cry at meetings... :)
Yessss!! Day 1 is the most important day on the path to sobriety. So congrats for Day 1!! You have so many things to look forward to--waking up feeling wonderful and refreshed is one of my favorite things about sobriety. Oh and remembering everything I've done the night before.....and the lack of shame in my life!! That's a big one....drinking too much and all that came with it always made me feel very ashamed of myself....anyway welcome welcome and I look forward to updates from you. Take care.
IWNDWYT
Stay strong. Sobriety has been an amazing experience for me. Hope you will find the same. Best wishes. 
You're just gonna keep feeling better and better as the days add up
Awww!! Fantastic!! IWNDWYT!!   
Welcome to the sober train. IWNDWYT
I'm happy to hear of your success well done! You can't loose going to meetings and coming here the support I've received has really got me through some rough patches and I'm nearly 9 months sober. IWNDWYT
The first steps are the hardest. Good for you and IWNDWYT  
Amazing ! Well done   
