-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/alyeg9/12_days_in_unsure_about_everything_hating_sobriety/

Hi all I'm brand new to reddit and I found this sub on my first day of deciding to change my relationship with drinking. (I literally typed  sobriety reddit  into google figuring there's a subreddit on every other useful topic I've seen so far so why not this? So glad this popped up!) .I've been lurking and checking in every day multiple times since then. ..The main problem I'm facing at the moment is basically I just don't care enough about myself to want to keep going..Everything feels like a drag my anxiety is through the roof I can't string a sentence together in a social situation and I'm avoiding people. I literally can't stop thinking about having a drink constantly and I still have a very clear mental map of all the bottle shops within 1km of me at all times like an escape plan. I am also having a lot of self loathing and shame about who I am as a person and it feels very hard to sit with these feelings in stark cold reality without something to take the edge off...I think it's just that when you are blowing thru life just getting drunk every day and wallowing in feeling like a fuckup - you can at least have a delusion that you are a good person who is full of potential like  hell yea when I finally get my shit together I'm gonna get so good at guitar/take up drawing again/be a good friend/parent etc . But I've pulled that curtain aside and instead found a very average and disappointing person with no ambition or dreams to speak of. ..After 12 days of sobriety I don't feel better I feel worse. I'm crankier short tempered with my kid and partner I feel mopey and completely disconnected from joy. I don't like who I am sober. What's worse is there's nowhere to hide from these feelings. I'm struggling to fall asleep because everything feels too much too present. I feel miserable and am really struggling to remember why I'm not drinking when I genuinely have fun and enjoy things with beer. I'm sure that should be a red flag in itself but also I have that common (here at least) mindset where one beer is never just one beer it will always turn into as many as I can get away with. ..TLDR; I thought the booze was holding me back but it turns out it was just my failings as a person  \_( )_/  
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to /r/stopdrinking! There's lots of wisdom and support here. "I just don't care enough about myself to want to keep going" &lt;-- Wow I know this feeling all too well at least for me alcohol was a big part of why I felt that way I thought it was other things but with the alcohol removed most of those things were removed as well. Congrats on your 12 days that's a big deal! It's pretty normal to be grappling with feeling shitty and irritable this early on I found therapy very useful for developing non-alcohol-based coping mechanisms for life. ..What are some things you've been doing to relieve stress and let yourself relax? I know that was a hard thing for me to learn how to do.
Welcome! Congratulations on 12 days and also on being perfectly normal in what you're feeling and experiencing. I'm sure you're like is this it? The answer is no it gets better much better as you can see from all the testimonies from people who have finally broken free of the chains and are actually truly happy!  Can I suggest giving it some more time maybe reading some of the books recommended (This Naked Mind Alcohol Explained etc) doing some things you like to do that don't involve drinking finding other ways to destress relax and have fun? It can be done I promise. What have you got to lose? Best of luck to you! 
One thing I've learned in my small amount of sobriety is that nothing stays the same. How I feel right now will not be tomorrow next week next month. When I have a craving that goes away eventually. When I have a shitacular day and I hate life and myself that doesn't last forever. I keep growing. Life and sobriety is all ups and downs but the longer I stay sober I'm seeing that I can handle it. ..This sobriety business is a process. Things move along and honestly get better. Hang in there friend. You've come very far keep on going. See what's on the other side of drinking. ..Iwndwy
That's the insidious thing about alcohol - it's just so available and so easy to decide to get drunk when things aren't going your way.  It's a nasty drug and no matter how you look at it you are actually in a big fight right now to kick this nasty drug habit.  You just got to keep plugging away and string those sober days together.  And the more sober days you get the easier it gets and the better you feel about yourself...Maybe I'm wrong but I can't imagine anyone who has been sober for 6 months or 1 year thinking to themselves that they've made a big mistake and they should have never quit...I loved getting drunk - from the first beer of the night to the last one before passing out. After one particularly terrible night I told my wife I needed to quit drinking and she laughed at me!  She laughed and said  You can't quit - you love it too much! . But I did stop (years after that mind you) and it was the best and also the scariest decision I ever made in my life.
The first few weeks were hard for me too. I had to learn that alcohol was a poor solution to my problem. ..For me my problem is I'm very sensitive and I have poor emotional resilience. Meaning I get hurt easily and it takes me longer than others to recover from criticism or bad luck. ..You are craving that drink for a reason. I craved the ability to numb out from the pain I feel all the time. By working on the root problem and learning that alcohol had zero positive effects I was able to let go without relying on will power. ..You can do this. Let your mind heal and get that poison out of your brain and the logic will come back. It did for me. .
What you are describing is typical of alcoholism. For alcoholics life gets worse when they stop drinking...Not all people who drink heavily are alcoholics...There are heavy drinkers who drink as a learned unhelpful behaviour. When they drink life gets better because they've removed their problem - alcohol. There are a lot of these folks on the stopdrinking sub. Very good and helpful people but not all of them are alcoholics. ..Then there are people with alcoholism. When these people stop drinking life feels like it gets worse because they were using alcohol to cover their underlying problem. My problem wasn't alcohol it was alcoholism...That's what I was like. For me AA helped because I didn't need to just stop drinking I needed to address my alcoholism...I didn't understand this for a long time and I felt very frustrated because I'd read posts on this sub by heavy drinkers who through learning more about themselves and a desire to stop drinking stayed sober and their life got better. This is great news for people who drink because of learned behaviour...But I kept trying that but my life felt worse when I stopped drinking. ..I can say that my life got better once I stopped focusing on  stopping drinking  and started focusing on treating my alcoholism...My experience may be different for yours and others on this site but I wanted to share it incase any of it resonated with you.
