-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am0rpj/hes_lying_and_drinking_again_but_its_all_under/

After 20 years of drinking and 5 years of trying to quit I have reached over 6 months without a drink. My husband was my codependent although I had a bigger dependence on alcohol. Throughout my attempts to quit he continued to drink and there was always a trend where he would typically do it behind my back and lie about it. He has been struggling with depression and has been highly dependent on pot for more than 20 years and has been addicted to an online game for over four years that he has 6 accounts he plays with. He is an angry person and his angry side usually comes out when he crosses the line and has too many drinks. He normally gets home from work before me so he would try to get most of his drinking in before I would get home. As a way to not drink in front of me he would drink and drive. In December he got a DUI and his license was suspended. For about a month he didn't drink and directly following the incident he was talking about getting his life together and it seemed like a real wake up call. He is driving again legally with a breathalyzer needed to start his car and not long after this he started drinking again at home and lying to me about it again. I flipped out because I hate being lied to and I liked when he wasn't drinking. By court order he's not supposed to drink or buy alcohol but he doesn't care. After being lied to this time I mentioned divorce for the first time but he didn't seem bothered by it. He claims that he should be able to have a couple drinks after work and that he doesn't have a drinking problem now. He also has a court order to go to drug and alcohol counseling but he hasn't done that yet and at one point he told me he was going to lie to the drug and alcohol counselor. In my opinion he should not be drinking for numerous reasons and it's doubtful that drinking is no longer a problem for him. He clearly has a highly addictive personality and it doesn't seem to be working in his favor since he is depressed and angry all the time. I'm upset frustrated and sad about the whole situation. I'm trying to get my life together and have plans to work towards a masters degree in one month. I don't know what to do. :( He thinks I'm over reacting.
----------immediate responses--------

Doesn't sound like you are overreacting to me..::hugs::.IWNDWYT
So sorry to hear about your situation...Have you looked at AlAnon?
Never underestimate the selfishness of an alcoholic.  We will do and say anything.  My family watched me slowly deteriorate.  My wife and I talked many times about me getting help.  OK then back to the garage for a few more beers.  I was at the point that I was ready to cash in my entire family so I could continue to drink.  But then I would still be this 59 year old pathetic drunk old man.  Something clicked and I decided I wanted to live.  Something has to click inside your husband to want to live life sober.  He has to want to do it for himself just like you are doing for yourself.  I was able to save my marriage but it was a close call.  I truly wish you the best in your recovery Ally and hope for your husbands sake that he see's the light because like myself his future is not bright if he stays on his current path.    
I am very sorry you are going through all of this.  I know just dealing with my own sobriety is tough as hell I couldn't imagine having to deal with a spouses or their lack of as well.  Unfortunately even after what should have been countless wakeup calls for myself I still would drink take a break and return.  It had to be my choice to make the necessary changes.  I hope your husband comes to that point before he can't.  ..IWNDWYT
