-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am1i84/relapse_reaffirms_why_im_stopping/

So I relapsed a few days ago after getting 28 days together...But it's not all bad because I learned a few things about how it felt and why I ended up doing it:..- I gave myself enough excuses..- I didn't avoid triggers like walking down the booze aisle; this is what built 'relapse momentum'...- It felt bad; when I awoke the next morning the paranoia was back the suicidal feelings the major anxiety and my head pulsed and really hurt. Part of my reason for relapsing was (foolishly) to 'test my mettle' and see if my expectations proved true. They certainly did...- I drank a bottle of wine and had a few beers. I don't even remember drinking the beers; and this just goes to show what a tremendous worryingly strong effect drinking has on memory...- It was not enjoyable...The best thing that came out of relapsing was this: the main line of thought my brain was throwing up was: This is unacceptable; this is no longer what I expect of myself...In just 28 days of not drinking my entire belief system and my self-expectations had begun shifting...This felt like a considerable 'revelation' and not one I had been expecting...
----------immediate responses--------

Well that test is over. Thanks for the reminder of what awaits us if we choose to drink. You confirmed some things and hopefully added to your tool box.  Now back on the journey and a better life sober ! IWNDWYT
I needed to read this right now! .It's Friday .I've been paid &amp; just heard some good news about a potential new job.....the stars were aligning for a fuck up.....I'm only 8 days in though &amp; feeling great so thanks for the reminder of what would've awaited me had I succumbed to temptation..IWNDWYT 
I have relapsed too  .just gotta get back on the wagon  .and appreciate sobriety  ...iwndwyt x  .
I did 35 years of testing..same answer every time.
I relapsed on day 22. Took me 2 days to recover from one night out. Working on day 9 again. I was one day short of my previous record 23 days. At least I didn't go off the deep end and go out for a week a month or more. Every time I relapse it seems easier to get back on the wagon. When I was hung over last week I thought hey this was the life I once considered normal...For some reason I feel like I lost all the excitement I had about sobriety.
I'm glad you came to this realization but your method is dangerous. ..I have heard from people with 5 or 10 years of sobriety deciding to 'test themselves' and going on a bender from which they didn't recover. I liken it to Russian Roulette - I don't want to play because I never know when this bender is going to the bullet. 
&gt;This is unacceptable; this is no longer what I expect of myself...That's a great big light bulb realization! It really is a shift in a belief about alcohol and what you really want for yourself. Welcome back! I am staying sober with you today.
Thanks for your post it serves as a good reminder of what will happen if we pick up.  One constant for people that relapse seems to be that it just wasn't even that much fun.  I think we romanticize booze and think that if we drink again at least we'll enjoy it but that doesn't seem to be the case from what I've heard.  
I remember thinking that I could try and   just drink one  ... but I never drank one.  Who was I kidding?  
Relapse Momentum... an excellent term for something I've experienced.
Way to learn man!
I can relate because I almost did this a few days ago. I was at day 30 and basically went the whole month sober which was a huge milestone for me. I almost wanted to "treat myself" and just drink again for one night. I raise some sparkling water in a wine glass to you. IWNDWYT
Man no kidding! My last relapse reminded me of why I quit. Worst hangover with all the awesome anxieties etc.....it was a nightmare and I never want that feeling again. Keep up the good work! IWNDWYT 
