-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am1w4f/i_could_really_use_some_words_of_encouragement/

After 115 days off that dreaded 'future self' rationalized drinking again. So here I am 6 weeks into it and I'm struggling to go even a day without drinking. Guess I'm just reaching out and trying to get myself back from all this. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me just  not drinking  was not enough I could always talk my way back into it. What tangible actions are you taking to stay sober?
Every single thing in life is better sober and alcohol is a miserable liar trying to tell you different. You know it's not true. You know that you deserve to be sober and free. You can do this even when it gets hard because you are strong and beautiful  and brave. You CAN live the life you want to live. I will not drink with you today. Much love.  
I remind myself to just slow my roll take a breath and that I can decide all of that when I get to it. But for today I can confidently say I'm not drinking...Iwndwyt :)
I dealt with each urge to drink one at a timeor as I like to think about it one drink at a time. BUT when I quit I quit for life.I am done with that crap forever.I know it isn't the popular way to view it but it actually helped me to have that mindset.I walked out of a family party and after walking 10 ft. I said to my wife "I'm  done".I put a few tools in place and made a plan but all in the headspace of never touching alcohol again in my life.Its just my way but it's working. IWNDWYT
I was not able to stop drinking by myself and found really quickly that just staying dry was no where near enough. I had to find a way to live a reasonable life without constantly feeling that I had been "deprived" of alcohol...It turns out that it is SO much easier to stay sober and to learn how to live a good life without the booze etc if you surround yourself with people who already know how to do that...The best part is that they are super easy to find actually publish lists of where they will be hanging out at specific times and if you need a ride call them and they will come and get you!..They are also in every city of any size in America multiple times a week!..Obviously I am talking about AA because just staying sober is really hard you have to find a life as well and these guy's have done that. 
