-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am5css/i_relapsed_after_over_a_year/

i relapsed after over a year of staying away from the old alcohol. im not sure which way to go about this because i wasn't really expecting to relapse i feel lost and idk where to start over at again. i never went to AA i decided to quit on my own and did good for this whole year plus. i changed a lot of things in life i started mountain biking working out went back to school got a management position in my job. but i feel like i failed myself and all those things feel like they don't mean anything now that i relapse. can anyone give some advice id really appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I wish I went a year. I have not gone that long since I was 16. Maybe just start again. 
I can't give you advice I can however tell you it is OK. Anything this hard has set backs and that is all a relapse is. You are doing awesome amazing even. You slipped up it happens. Get back up dust yourself off and get back into the ring. You got this bud. ..
You know how to go a whole year. Now you also know one thing to avoid next time around. ..Get back on the wagon dude you're rocking it. 
You have accomplished much in a year. I am proud of you. Unconditional self acceptance is hard to achieve. The guilt of making a mistake is horrible.  I would suggest that you try to forgive yourself. Leave alcohol behind you. And continue on making your life better as you seem to have been able to do a lot in just one year. Alcohol will  eventually steal that away from you again. It has happened to me more than once. I am tired. I am now trying to rebuild my life just like you have. You give me hope.
Hey you didn't fail.  I lapsed after periods of 3 and 5 years.  Consequences were worse each time.  This time I knew I needed to get with a program.  I got involved with Smart Recovery but there are many programs.  They help build accountability to yourself and others.  Learning to live sober is more than not drinking it's developing a whole new you.  I'm glad you're back and don't give up!
Welcome back. AA is what worked for me because it helped me deal with more than just  not drinking . The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. They exist because they work. AA is the only one I am familiar with. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Don't feel like you failed that's a great achievement!. It helped me to focus on each present day I spent without drinking as it came rather than looking back at the amount of days I'd had without a drink. It helped me appreciate each day on it's own rather than adding to a pile of days in the past. The important thing for me is how I can make myself feel better now and into the future and that's by not drinking! Im sure that's the same for you so stick with it.
May I offer a perspective from someone who has not yet had a year sober? You haven't failed at all. If anything your story is a warning and a lesson to someone like me. ..Here's something I was told. Imagine you start in Wisconsin and are headed to California. On the way if you get lost in Iowa you don't have to start over at Wisconsin. You just have to find your way out of Iowa. .Think of this as your Iowa. You'll make it through and go on to inspire more people like myself. This is just a mild gut check and if anything a reminder of why you started sobriety in the first place. .Good luck. IWNDWYT I know you won't either.
thank you all i really appreciate it. i have some consequences to deal with due to this relapse. but i will be better i will get back up because after 12 years of drinking and it getting worst one year of sobriety showed me a lot of who i am and who i can become. good luck and gods speed to all who know this journey hang in there like i did. it took some major changes to become who i am just a short year later. i look forward to whatever life bring to me. much love to all IWNDWYT!! 
