-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/am8i7h/i_have_400_days_and_i_keep_thinking_about/

All this while I comment and boost help and generally love on those people here struggling with the same thoughts. It's baffling to me. Baffling. I mean I mean *every word* I say to other people grappling with this exact thing. Why doesn't it seem to apply to me? My own words? I'm disturbed by the seeming duplicity of what feels like my very soul. :( 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there kiddo. I don't remember if you are involved in a recovery program but if you aren't maybe it is time to give it a try. ..I think you may be past the window for PAWS but you might want to check it out and see if the symptoms match. ..We can't give medical advice but I have found some safe (legal) supplements that help elevate my mood. Google should point you to the right direction. ..You got this. Keep encouraging others if you can. That is a big tenet of my recovery. ..IWNDWYT 
A few years ago after a full year I went back to my old ways rather quickly. The raw reality is that that we all know here no matter how long we've stopped is that there is something that will pretty instantly relax and de-stress is and make us feel good. Of course only in the short term but that knowledge is always in the back of our mind and I think the right circumstances can bring that action pretty quickly and then it can be hard to turn back. Part of the insidious and nasty aspect of drink.
Why did you stop in the first place?
I found a bit of a post year slump. Like i got a year then some stuff bubbled up. I stayed so focused on year I didn't think what happens next.  I knew I wouldn't drink but it was now a new sober normal.  ..I started posting here more. To provide some service but also record what I had learned in the past year. That helps. ..I haven't been working towards my goals as much. The grind of life has intruded a bit. But...I am working a plan to get back. To make time  for myself and not sweat the things I can't control. Other people. Job stress. ..But yeah. I hear ya. Plus it's really f'ing cold. 
I just wanted to put some internet love out for you. Feelings are weird. Feelings about drinking are even weirder imo...Maybe going back and reading some of your own old posts would be useful? ..Plus I think everything comes and goes in waves. I bet if you stick it out you'll feel better in a few days. ..Iwndwyt :)
Why doesn't it seem to apply to me? My own words?..They do!. U wouldnt a made it to 400 days otherwise. U got strength. Youve proven that. Stay strong. 
Wait until you get to 500 days and see if you still feel that way. These urges are temporary and will pass. 
IWNDWYT
I also keep thinking about it I know I don't want to but then I think...am I really gonna not drink for the rest of my life? But It's the insidious nature of alcohol it's an addictive substance. I am in control not alcohol. ..So I return to the  not today' mantra. Just for today I won't drink. 
