-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amb5bf/after_years_of_trying_finally_made_it_to_my_first/

Sooo I don't know anyone who can relate to the struggle and had a couple of questions. I feel better physically than I've felt in a long long time. On the other side of it I find it increasingly harder and harder to manage my emotions. I never realized how much I used alcohol to deal with my feelings. Has anyone else experienced this and how do you cope or maintain a healthy state of mind? I just seem to swing from sad to angry and back with few feelings of happy between.  Also how did you guys deal with sugar cravings? It's been a year and I feel like every day I'm craving sweets.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!  Anything different this time... I feel like I'm in the same boat and hope this time will be different.  However I think that every time and just trying to put my finger on some guidance that will help. 
Starts a slow clap
There is a theory out there about the crazy 8 of the endless loop that plays out between depression/sadness and anger/rage.  The sadness is based in fear and the anger is how we feel strong afterwards when we get tired of being sad.  It's an interesting theory to think about.  The message in that about a possible remedy had been to embrace the reason behind the fear (am I using sadness as a tactic to get attention am I using it to avoid work or effort or success or possible failure?) and recognize the anger comes from wanting/needing to be strong in opposition to the depth of the sadness.  And understanding that these things don't  make me a bad person  but if I'm tired of doing the learned cycle on repeat I can break the habit and start fresh new ones.  Breakthroughs come in small packages- I like to remind myself of something i did recently that I'm proud of I like to think about the possibilities in what's in front of me because they are always always there and I like to pick something I want to work on for today so I can be proud of my progress at this time tomorrow.  I'm not sure if any of this will resonate with you friend I wish you the best out there and congratulations on one year of freedom from booze.  The stuff's still no bueno isn't it.  If we kicked that habit we can climb these other hills too   iwndwyt 
Way to go! A fucking Year is huge. Maybe try meditation or exercise.
