-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amdacs/first_24_hours/

I need to get through these first 24 hours. Help! I had my last drink about 10 hours ago and fell asleep for a few hours but now I've been up since 2am. The anxiety and insomnia suck and I just want to have a drink to make it go away. I'm laying in bed and keep drinking glass after glass of water and Pedialite. It's making me go to the bathroom constantly. ..I've been a daily drinker over the last year and a half. Not binging but having drinks throughout the day once the alcohol starts to wear off at 6-8 hours. I used to use alcohol to fall asleep but would find myself waking up in the middle of the night so I'd have another drink and go back to bed. ..I've had sober periods over the last year when I put my mind to it. Anywhere from 3 days to 2 weeks to a month. Relapsed again 2 weeks ago after hosting a party with my husband. Told myself I'd just have one beer. Then I ended right back where I was. ..I know getting through the first day is the worst (jittery sweating lack of appetite). That usually is better for me starting day 2 but the sleep takes a few days. ..I know I can do this. One day at a time although right now it's like one minute at a time. I can't wait to get back to that great feeling of being sober. .
----------immediate responses--------

Can you turn on a movie or perhaps my favorite right now the Great British Baking Show? Maybe distract yourself If you can't sleep. ..So glad you are here. Keep fighting and take it just one second at a time - you are fighting a good fight. ..Deep breaths. We got this. 
Well done. You know all this from previous times but just remember it takes a while for everything to right itself. You only needed that mid night time drink to get back to sleep because you woke up mid night due to going to bed drunk. ..I'm finally hitting a solid 9hrs a night of good sleep. 
I remember that period for me where it was minute to minute.  And it worked.  You can do this.  Nothing good will come from having a drink.  If you can't sleep then try to distract yourself somehow with a podcast or a movie or anything.  If you're able to try eating some sugar.  You can do this those minutes add up to hours and the hours days and the days months.  I'm pulling for you here.
I strongly recommended reading or listening to the audiobook of:.Alcohol Explained.This naked mind.Alcohol lied to me..You will learn how Alcohol causes you to be awake at 2am.  Causes terrible anxiety and how drinking give if water and Pedialyte is pointless until the effects if alcohol wear off...Educating myself about the physiology and all the neurochemical imbalences alcohol causes was a huge key to my on going recovery...You got this!..Get the books!  They are excellent!
Made it past the first 24 hours! 
