-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amfrt1/losing_it_at_the_supermarket/

Yesterday was my 32nd day completely free of alcohol. After an embarrassing drunken mess of a holiday season I decided to quit drinking on New Year's Day. I used to buy the cheapest alcohol from our local supermarket so my shopping list would always inevitably have "vodka and beer" written at the bottom. ..For the first 30 days I went grocery shopping exclusively with a family member particularly my grandfather. He knows I have an alcohol problem and that I decided to quit so him being there acted as a deterrent for me. Imagining the disappointment he'd feel watching me grab a bottle off the shelf and teetering at the edge of a relapse--it was enough to stop me from even looking at the liquor aisle. ..Well for the first time since January 1st I went shopping alone. Old habits kicked in and I found myself walking through the market's sliding doors and straight to the liquor section as if my legs were operating on muscle memory. ..I stared at the fifth of vodka I'd routinely buy. "Do I have the self-control to drink half now and half later?" I stopped and quickly reminded myself that I've *never* had the discipline to not down a fifth in one sitting. One drink leads to two two to three three to the bottle. ..I stood there bargaining with myself for ages. "Maybe just the 500ml. Or two 250ml's. I'll drink one tonight one tomorrow. Or maybe just one tonight and I'll take a break again." I would've settled for a drop of the stuff. Anything to make the night livelier. ..I literally felt the impulse my brain was sending to my hand to reach out for the bottle and throw it in the shopping cart. Old emotions and temptations arose in me. "Sobriety is boring alcohol makes everything better!" I raised my hand and went for the bottle........but then I told myself two magic words: not today. ..I left the liquor aisle wrapped up my grocery shopping and went home with a proud smile on my face. Today I stared addiction directly in the eyes and for the first time in 10 years I said no. After years of looking down on myself struggling with low-self esteem and insecurity I actually feel proud of myself and I wanted to share that feeling with all of you. ..Today was my 33rd day of sobriety tomorrow will be the 34th and the day after the 35th. We'll beat this addiction one day at a time. ..Remember not today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Thanks for sharing! 
Aww this made me feel a little emotional. In a good way. Reading our own struggles from someone else and knowing they made it out feels so. damn. good. ..So so proud of you for saying not today. I feel empowered by you   ..IWNDWYT    
&gt;I actually feel proud of myself..I'm proud of you too. Grocery stores are a minefield.
..And that is how it is done!..You would have made Syrio Fortel proud. ..https://gameofthrones.fandom.com/wiki/Syrio_Forel
Awesome job! Iwndwyt
Well done ! That's inspiring   
Nice work! I had a similar experience this morning taking a shortcut through the Costco wine aisle (what was I thinking?!).
Thank you for sharing that. You're quite a writer - how did you write me in so well? I passed those words  magic' and  not today' as if they meant nothing powerless... but then I rewound for a second and I got something of how they can be powerful to me. I just racked up 92 days with the help of Antabuse a magical ally in making  not today' a much easier to come by certainty. Unfortunately I had to stop taking it and I've been fretfully stockpiling my responses to the inevitable question  Why can't I just have tonight off? What about just having X?' that I'm gonna have  to arrest and put down when the Antabuse is out of my system. I'm saving this post. I dunno why but there's something in the telling that feels like a certainty I can use. It was  not today' every 90 times I took that pill and never drank I can juuust conceive of it being  not today' even without my pharmaceutical fairy sobermother. You helped get me closer to safe.
Thank you for the post. I'm happy for you. Iwndwyt 
Very good! Stay outta the poison aisle
Awesome job! Breaking old habits is hard. We need to rewire our brains. I have in more than one occasion in the last 33 days said no you don't do that anymore.  And do something else instead. Right now its eating dairy free ice cream but I'll be breaking that one soon. And will find something more healthy.
Good on you. 
I'm very proud of you! One of the worst days of my life was the day Pennsylvania started handing out six-pack and wine licences to grocery stores and gas stations. 
Proud of you. Great job.
Ahh so I am not the only one !! Good job  IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
FUCK YES! I love this story. I have had similar experiences driving. Like my car was driving me and pulling into the parking lot of one of my old liquor store haunts. It honestly felt like I was not in control (and had other issues on my mind) but when I spotted the car and saw where I was I called a friend and headed home. It was a bizarre experience. 
Good job! Very important distinction between: a couple standard drinks and a bottle of Vodka or half a bottle.  For me it was a six pack of IPA and a large bottle of IPA. I knew I would probably want the "one more" which usually equalled a couple because of the size.  
That was so awesome to read. Thanks so much for sharing that one.
&gt;I stared at the fifth of vodka I'd routinely buy. "Do I have the self-control to drink half now and half later?"..I like how even your 'reasonable drinker' voice is ok with you drinking 14 units of alcohol in one sitting - the recommended maximum intake for one week lol...Well done on keeping sober :)
This was the best thing I've read in long time. All the very best to you.
Yeah when I bought I always had to have extra just in case I wanted to get really drunk. A fifth and a 6 pack was preferable.
You rocked it! And can they please make supermarkets without alcohol...
Thanks for this I needed to hear it. Great job! 
Great job! I experienced something similar yesterday to the point that I was literally shaking. IWNDWYT
Yes!! Good for you. 
I just wanted to say that I'm really proud of you and you did a great job. You'll always remember this milestone. Keep up the great work. 
I wish I had your willpower. Very proud of you. I walk into my grocer and head straight for the special aisles. One day I won't 
Great job! You SHOULD be proud of yourself.  You made a different choice. Your quote makes me think of Jean-Luc Picard "Not I think today commander" as he is beamed off of the Romulan warbird denying them a prisoner. You showed that your desire to quit is real. That's so good.
And you have to know: every time you do something like this you're rewiring synapses in your brain to respond properly to situations like this. Every time you do something which is good for you but you don't like/want to do - you're making things infinitely better and easier for yourself in the future. Rejecting alcohol cravings or going to the gym or sitting down to work 7 days a week after a few months it'd feel weird not to do those things...If you're anything like me after 2 months of sobriety you actually lose the memory of drinking - reducing the cravings. Then after about 4-5 months the cravings almost entirely disappear - the only thing that can make you relapse is curiosity boredom or (in my case 2 years ago) delusional self talk.
Great job you should be proud of yourself!
That takes a lot of strength great work! I quit just before NYE 2018 and had moments and thoughts just like this. What's awesome is that once you've done it one time it gets easier because you see how happy and proud you are after walking away. The same goes with parties or gatherings with friends. They start out hard and anxiety inducing and then they get easier and easier until it rarely crosses your mind. I NEVER thought the constant feeling of FOMO would go away...but it did! My last biggest temptation was new years this year ironically when my parents opened a bottle of the best wine our favorite. It was very very tempting and so hard to say no but I wanted my badge to keep counting. Maybe someday but not yet :)
So proud of you way to go!..&amp;#x200B;..After a while the addiction mindset gets very exhausting.  I began to hate the countless time I spent and wasted figuring out what beer I wanted or how I was going to drink it over the next few days (which usually ended up never sticking to plan)...&amp;#x200B;..Once you begin to see how hamstringing addiction is you begin to develop a sort of resentment for it and a respect for yourself.  
My first trip to the grocery store was scary. I'm still not crazy about them. The alcohol isn't confined to a few aisles. There are displays everywhere. Target stores are the worst. You're in the shampoo aisle one second and you turn the corner and run into shelves of vodka. While it's momentarily tempting  it also takes me just a second to remember how much it messed up my life. I don't know how many people have this option where they live but a lot of grocery stores now have home delivery. That's how I get most of my groceries.
Yay!!! Great job! That muscle memory is a bitch aye? My car liked to drive itself to the liquor store...Sobriety always seems boring at first and I was really frustrated by it at first. Finally I realized that it wasnt that sobriety was boring I just was more easily entertained drunk. ..Spending all my free time re-watching episodes of TV shows I'd seen multiple times before but could still be surprised by because I didnt remember them was not more fun than sobriety. It just takes more effort to be entertained now that I'm not constantly drinking myself stupid and sleepy...Congratulations on your days! Over a month for the first time in 10 years is amazing...IWNDWYT.
