-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amjvoc/2nd_time_relapsing_after_after_2_weeks_in_a_month/

I have been in the process of quitting over the past couple I keep relapsing after 2 weeks but this time feels a lot different. I absolutely do not want to ever drink again and know I cannot. I am not a fan of AA and tried it years ago and was sober for 2 years but then i had a horrible relapse that lasted years and took me into opiates and weed heavily. I am making this post as a way to do something different. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

Hello and welcome.  This is a great place for support.  We are all here for you.  Keep plugging away at it.  IWNDWYT.
Keep chipping away at it I relapsed 3 times before I really put my soul into it because it is a difficult thing.  I was desperate and went to AA and I found a group that is extremely supportive.  It sounds like you are a different person now than you were when you initially went and AA meetings vary greatly.  I attend a 'new comer' meeting on Sunday mornings and find the mix of people really great veteran sobriety mixed with very early sobriety and everything in between.  I found I could not do it alone so I had to turn to others and other people that have struggled with Alcohol have been essential to my recovery.  Best to you!
You said this time feels a lot different? What thoughts were going through your mind when you decided to drink? ..Also keep going. It's a process. This is my 7th or 8tb quit attempt also 
Sounds similar to my story. I've never admitted I had a problem until a year ago although looking back I can see that I already did in college 10 years ago. The last 6 months I've managed to stop several times for 10 days at a time and then even for all of Thanksgiving up until Christmas. ..January was a lot of starting and stopping but difference is now I feel so out of control and I've blacked out a few times. I never used to drink whiskey or bourbon but I was drinking it since it's all my SO has in the house and drinking it FAST to hide it and in copious amounts. ..I restarted myself again and I know I have to be more honest with my family now so they can keep me accountable. 
If AA is not your thing some people really like SMART. I have read their book and gone to a meeting or two and I really like it.
