-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ams0d5/my_experience_with_vivitrol_the_miracle_drug/

Hi Folks lurker for 4-5 years have been struggling with heavy binge drinking since college.  I'm a 33(M) in a stressful corporate job - requires a lot of travel client dinners team dinners -&gt; all translates to multiple drinking opportunities I everywhere I turn....I have desperately tried moderation to that I could seem  normal  at dinners and functions it just turns into 20 drinks later making horrible life decisions.  This is when I started to research medication to help with alcohol abuse.  ...Every 30 days I get an injection in my butt check - Vivitrol does 2 things: 1) Blocks pleasure receptors for alcohol (would also block opioids) so if I have 4 or 5 beers I get no  pleasure  from it its just like drinking O'Douls. 2). It helps with cravings - to the extent that not only are you not getting pleasure from the booze you dont really have a want to continue drinking....This has been an absolute fucking game changer!  I can have a glass of wine at a client dinner a manhattan on a date or really anything without concern of spiraling out of control.  Try as hard as you can - your body just wont want to continue drinking on Vivitrol. ...Side effects are minimal its also pretty expensive which may be a barrier of entry to some if you dont have good insurance. ...Success story:  It has been 6 months on Vivitrol and since then I have lost 15lbs the love of my life that threw me out 6 months ago because of my drinking is now sitting next to me and I look and feel just phenomenal.  My liver enzymes went from about a 52 down to 17 - in SIX MONTHS.....If you have lost hope your brain and body just refuse to give up the bottle tap science on the shoulder and ask for a little help. ...Wont drink with you today friends :-). Because even if I wanted to - I couldn't!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! Medication assisted recovery is a game changer for a lot of people. I took campral the first 3 months! 
I also got the Vivitrol shot but I haven't tried drinking on it just haven't had the urge to.
Congratulations!
Thanks for sharing this!  I am about to get a prescription for this after hearing stories like yours and watching this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EghiY_s2ts..
Funny as I've had little success and had been on vivitrol for about 6 months straight.  .Glad to hear it's helped you and was curious to how little I had heard about it discussed in this group; but sadly didn't seem to make me want to stop or even slow down \*shrug\*.  .
