-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/amzzy7/i_am_so_embarrassed_about_wetting_the_bed_when/

This happened once last month for the first time and then again last night. I'm so embarrassed and devastated by this because he is super straight edge and this is clearly a huge turn off for him. Well it would be for anyone. Who wants to have a grown adult pissing in their bed? He says he doesn't want to break up and he loves me but I can tell this has affected the way he sees me. ..I am so wracked by guilt embarrassment anger at myself. I spent today completely mortified. I broke down and divulged a trauma about how I was raped when I was black out drunk three years ago. I don't think I have forgiven myself for that or any of the other instances where my drinking put me in dangerous situations. ..I have ADHD and when I get bad flare ups I tend to drink more. This past month has been a huge struggle for me and I'm coping with it by drinking too much. I'm so disappointed in myself hating my body hating my choices feeling like a total failure. I am struggling with intense emotional pain. I love this man and I feel like I'm sabotaging this relationship for absolutely no reason....I feel so broken. Can anyone help?
----------immediate responses--------

My SO doesn't drink. Maybe a fruity marg once every couple months. He's never struggled with alcohol and sat in silence as he watched me almost destroy myself and our relationship with it. We are younger but have been together over 7 years. Some days I don't know how he did it but he stayed by me through all the horrible decisions and lies. Your person knows you. If they decided to commit to you they decided to commit to this too. It'll be hard and that guilt won't stop until you can find your center of control. Then it will remain with you quietly but you'll feel good to have made it through all that together. If you want to earn any respect you may have lost you need to show change. I repeated time and time again that I was done getting drunk and promised regularly I'd be home right after work with no drinking with my coworkers. Those were lies. To him and myself. I think he hated me a bit but he was always there waiting for me to get my shit together. I couldn't have done it without him. It's good you opened up about your assault (I can relate and it is not an easy thing to do no matter how much you love someone or they love you) and I hope you don't feel embarrassed in any way about that. I don't have ADHD but my so does. I have depression though. We're a fun pair. I know how hard it can be to grasp onto a thought that isn't insistently present in your mind so you really must do whatever you can to remember that you can't /shouldn't /won't drink. This shit is very hard to deal with and it takes sssoooo much time energy commitment and tenacity but if you guys can make it through this you will be stronger as individuals and (in my experience) as a couple of you can. Please find someone reliable to help you through cutting back or quitting drinking all together even if it's just is redditors. Support is everything. I really hope you guys can make it through this and that you can find the true happiness you deserve. IWNDWYT.
It sounds like you have plenty of reasons  not to drink. Time passes and wounds heal. Eventually you will be able to laugh about getting drunk and wetting the bed. ..If your boyfriend doesnt drink you already have a perfect companion to do sober activities with. Which in my opinion is one of the hardest parts of quitting. It's way more difficult when everyone you're close too is also a lush...Also I have loads more focus after quitting drinking. ..Good luck out there! IWNDWYT..
Sounds like a rough time! I've been there...the embarrassment is painful but that will fade with time. Today is a new day. IWNDWYT ...sending you hugs and a hope that your healing starts now. 
Have you received any form of therapy for the attack three years ago? Nobody gets to do that to you no matter how drunk you are. You may feel like it's your fault but being drunk doesn't give anybody any rights over you. Being drunk doesn't change a thing about how people should treat you. ..You are not broken. You said it yourself: you are struggling and you are struggling with intense emotional pain. There is *nothing* wrong with you you are trying to cope and trying to survive. I've been there it is *hard*. ..Do you get treatment for the ADHD? I found that having better treatment for physical ailments helped calm me down in a general sense. For me these things nag and nag and nag in the background and basically wear me down. I don't feel as strong to resist the drink if that happens so I try to prevent that. For me not drinking starts way earlier than 'refusing a drink someone offers me.'..I make sure I rest often and often enough because fatigue and mental tiredness that just breaks me down. I make sure I eat well. I treat any know ailments the best I can. I make sure I do something that relaxes me and makes me happy (not always the same thing). For instance I like to knit and crochet and I've met more ladies who used it to help them quit drinking. If my hands are busy with my knitting they can't be busy with a drink. It also has health-benefits it lowers your heart-rate and bloodpressure and has similar effects as yoga or meditation...I'm not saying you must stop drinking but you are here so obviously you want to do something with it. I started with 'not drinking' for 100 days because I read somewhere that it takes about 3 months to really notice benefits from not drinking and to get over the initial hump. Also 'just for 100 days' made it all a little less daunting and less I don't know permanent? 'Forever' scares me but I figured I could do 100 days (and I fully admit it was harder than I thought but I'm so happy I did)..IWNDWYT!
