-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/an3r6y/my_day_one_thoughts/

I've been stalking this forum for awhile but wanted to get through a five week vacation abroad before committing to sobriety. We landed yesterday I drank an entire bottle of wine last night by myself and this is my Day One. Early apologies for a somewhat long post but since it is my Day One I want to think through why I'm here- and I think doing it in this forum makes sense. ..I've been an alcoholic since the very first time I tried booze. It's all I've basically ever wanted since and I've carried this reputation with me for 23 years now which is a mind boggling amount of time. ..Even though I've accepted for a long time that I'm an alcoholic I've wondered about the degree to which I care because I've always considered myself high functioning (I'm a business owner we have a nice car I'm married have a masters etc.) and I'm not someone that is drunk in the park in the middle of the day.. but I've had a terrible past few years. A lot of my friendships have eroded. I wasn't holding jobs for longer than a year. I had put on a ton of weight. My finances were not that great. And I've started to think- actually because I'm self-employed and have a dog that needs to go to the park occasionally- I am drunk in the park midday some days. And I had a hard time working a lot because I was constantly hung over or drinking at lunch. I spent a lot of time when I should have been preparing for work presentations or whatever getting drunk. Some of my relationships weren't ever managed because I just dealt with them by drinking drinking drinking. So was I even that high functioning?..Also I love my husband and I think if I continue to drink we'll break up. He is extremely supportive and never says anything but he doesn't drink as much as me we get into huge fights when I am drinking he can only hear me say I'm going to quit so many time and relapse before he loses all respect for me. ..So anyway I'm here. I'm trying this again. This is my Day One. I want to be optimistic about the future. I want to feel better. I want to sleep through the night. I guess I even want to have feelings again. ..Thanks for listening. Today I will not drink with you. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! You're making a great choice for yourself and your husband. Keep coming by here I really helps!
Great first day post! It sounds like you've really been thinking about what you want out of life and are coming to this decision rationally.
IWNDWYT
Good luck. It's hard work getting sober - often the issue is not just the drink but dealing with emotions and people and situations we may have drowned out before. So there's the physical work of not picking up a drink there's the mental work of figuring out who you are and what you want and learning how to relax and socialise without booze and there's the spiritual work - what void did alcohol fill and is there part of me I need to heal. ..If we take it one day at a time it's all a lot easier.
I'm there with you. :) I am a professional with a "senior" title. The last few years I've been lucky enough to work from home which only means I get to drink while I work. Not good. This accelerated my drinking causing 40 lbs. of weight gain comments from my kids and a husband that wants to make me happy (= stocking the bar) but wants normalcy. This is my day 3. I've only ever quit before while pregnant and once on a gym challenge. Outside of that it's anything and everything for over 20 years. It's time. It's just that simple. I am taking it a day at a time with you. 
I always think the myth (I'll explain why I term it as such) of a  high functioning alcoholic  is so...misleading and disingenuous and truth be told detrimental to honest self reflection. There's not really any other realm in which we pat ourselves on the back for harming our bodies and our minds but still achieving what are to me bullshit societal markers of success. Sure that's great and all you've retained some composure/dignity as you define it you're not the (again societies interp) bum on the street drinking out of a paper bag but you're not a special snowflake either you're one and the same the only difference is time and concentration. Remember alcoholism is a progressive disease so we're all not far off said  bum.  ..I disillusioned myself into the same false sense of security for a long while. I prided myself on abusing my body and mind to the max and not breaking down. It was a sick mental gamble to see how far I could take it and not break nor suffer societally negative effects. In my experience it's a razor thin line you're playing with fire and it's not a matter of if but when you'll get burnt. Eventually my mind and body gave out I couldn't function I couldn't self regulate mentally I just fell into depression and disrepair. Ironically this was when I was drinking less and being more active but it's a cumulative process and it reached its max and I got burnt. I'm still dealing with the fallout and it's not pretty. 
"Functional" alcoholism is a myth...it is just one stage in the downward spiral. Some people manage to linger there longer than others but in the end it will *always* get worse.    .    .Welcome to the club!
Stay here with us.  The folks here are incredible and you will need support.  When you feel weak stop in and let us know.  You can do this!
Welcome. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. They exist because they work. AA is the one that worked for for me. And I was never drunk in the park T lunch. Oh wait. Maybe a few times. You don't have to face this alone. In fact it is always wise to talk to a doctor to help you manage withdrawals. ..Good luck. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
I'm here rooting for you Denver.  IWNDWYT
I'm taking these same first steps with you after 20 years of near-daily heavy drinking.  Along the way I picked up three master's degrees found an awesome spouse started an amazing family and landed the job of my dreams ... and yet I flirt with throwing it all away by giving in daily to the cycle of shame-drinking-anxiety-drinking-shame-repeat.  Part of me worries that I need the "devil's cycle" to keep pushing myself. But as others have already said here that kind of "But I'm functional!" thinking is an illusion.  When I decided to be honest I admitted the countless lost days ruined family dinners rescheduled appointments unfinished projects and missed deadlines. The only person I was fooling was myself.  Every day I'm striking matches and throwing them at my paper life.  No more. I accept who I am and what I am. This gives me the clarity to act when I can and let go all the effing bullshit that I can't do anything about.  And what I can do is make a conscious decision to not drink today. IWNDWYT. Glad to join you Denver.
