-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/an6u1q/day_5_questions/

So after seventy five days of total and complete sobriety out of stress I slipped and drank for a night. ..I'm now facing the shame and guilt and trying my best to know I'm way better and stronger than that and that I'll get through this. ..I've been struggling with drinking for eight years. I am well aware that alcohol will destroy every relationship burn every bridge and destroy my entire life. I'm pretty over it. I spent most of last year trying to get sober and half of the year was probably spent sober granted it was staggered between relapses. ..My question: Has anyone here ever slipped up and bounced back from it? Like avoiding a total relapse. And if so how long did it take to level back out and get past the feeling weird? I don't have urges to drink I just feel very mixed emotions right now...Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Perhaps? Everyone is different. Since moving to NYC 8 years ago my drinking has steadily increased. From a couple times a week (in the beginning) to 3-5 drinks every night. I'm 35 and it slowly began to creep up on me. I never black out but I consume alcohol at a pretty good clip. Enough where people have commented  wow you drink pretty fast.  That's not something to be proud of. I've decided to nip it in the bud because I don't want to see where I'm at in another 8 years. 
I think that we need to be really gentle with ourselves during this step. I was sober for about five years got back into it slowly with just mini-benders but then full blown blackouts since spring. I didn't realize how much of a problem it became until last night. ..You know what's helpful? Saying OK tonight I'm not drinking and I'm going to go one day at a time? Or saying I fucked up I suck I destroy everything. I think it's that latter that has us going back to booze day after day.... ..You're OK you know? And you're here. What an accomplishment! You're not dead. Much love to you. Hit me up any time. You got this. 
Took me a whole year of trying to moderate to get to my true Day 1 as well. I was a fool for thinking I had control when I could go a month without getting drunk. I felt confident and drank some liquor near the end of last year (I stopped drinking liquor all together for a few months) and ended up spending January in the clutches of alcohol yet again. Not as bad but enough that I knew I had to buckle down before I let myself fall down the rabbit hole again. It's all day every day and each day at a time. Hold onto the pride of how far you came and strive to achieve that and better moving forward. That's all we can do when we slip up. We are with you in this. IWNDWYT.
Yes people have!  They are around.  You still have all of your sober time minus one day.  Iwndwyt. 
Your destiny is not defined by the experiences of others. It's your choice on what happens next. I went to treatment and was sober for 60 days. I drank an IPA felt stupid about it through it out and havent drank since. I am 169 days today. ..&amp;#x200B;..Detox and treatment really helped me. Diving into the program and being part of the community has helped greatly. Without the peer support and the program I don't think I could have made it this far. 
