-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/an7yzw/i_need_to_share_and_i_dont_have_the_guts_to_speak/

Tl;dr. Realizing I'm in a toxic relationship finally helped me see the why in my mission to get sober. I've been dating my mirror image. ..I'm not new here...I've always been a binger. But for a long time I considered myself "functional" (yes I've learned since then)...I managed three sober months last year until I lost my job on a technicality. As a single parent this caused a panic. I'm a worker so I managed to work odd jobs until I landed a spot as close as I could to schedule and pay etc. But when I wasn't job searching I was in my favorite bar. I'm enough of a regular that I could run up tabs and roll with it between pay dates...I became the heavy daily drinker with shakes within three months. I gained 50 lbs of straight beer weight. I began a relationship with someone who has a similar issue but a bit more leveled up. Suddenly I was black out every time I drank. I could get about four days sober white knuckling between. I started AA sort of (I was not consistent but constantly thinking about fixing this). I started buying books and working steps talking to my dad who's got three years sober for the first time in thirty years. I've listened to big book study. I've been doing what I know to do but nothing kept me awake to the reality long enough. Like clock work relapse every 4 days...Well I had two real bad days with my boyfriend. The first night we were equally belligerent. The last one I was sober and got to see him clearly...This was last night. I've since moved him out of my house and I've got a sitter lined up for every local meeting. I'm going tonight. Idk why this is the thing that pushed me. My codependent nature says I love the dude but I know I have to walk away from this if I'll ever be okay. I've decided the only thing I will focus on outside of parental obligation for the time being is repairing my mental health...I won't say I feel strong. That's bullshit. I'm currently sitting and shaking and my anxiety is high enough I left work early. I'm chain smoking. I definitely am not yet strong. But I'm determined and surrounded by a plan and a system and support people...I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing. You can do this! IWNDWYT.
Keep on keepin' on. You got this.
AA saved my life. I hope it works for you. IWNDWYT 
Good luck. Thanks for sharing here. My experience in AA is you certainly don't need to share details- but letting them know you are new(ish) or struggling can be helpful. Keep us posted! And nice job on your plan. The more days you string together the easier it becomes to take action before needing to react (didn't say that well but I hope you get the idea) happy to not drink with you today!
