-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anitky/one_month_down_after_many_badge_resets/

2018 was one of the worst years of my life depression wise and I slunk back into numbing feelings with drinking. My depression only further increased and I knew I had to stop because I didn't care that I was actively participating in hurting myself. This isn't my first attempt with not drinking but this time around I'm fighting for my health and mind. I don't want to die because of fucking alcohol...Here I am one month of not drinking it hasn't been easy as I'm still fighting off a deep depression. I have a ton of crap I'm working on to improve my life which is overwhelming and it sucks to finally deal with feelings I used to numb. But as each day goes by I'm happy to see my badge number rise and know that today I'm not drinking. This month means a lot because over the past few months I've reset my badge numerous times and I'm sick and tired of doing that...Wanted to share that it's been a struggle I've had to actively work on but I know that as each day passes I'm getting stronger and healthier without alcohol. Hugs to everyone fighting this battle cheers to all of you with my glass of mandarin orange sparkling water. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a month! That's really good going! I will not drink with you today :)
iwdwyt! congrats 1 month is huge. 
Good work! I'm day 7 after a long relapse. Happy monthday...&amp;#x200B;..iwndwyt
Hey one month is great! Well done! I read a great book called Stop Thinking Start Living when I was very down it really helped me. It's cheap on Amazon maybe it might help? Anyhoo chin up! :)
Big congrats!  ..I'm wading through all the BS I tried to kill with wine so I'm right there with ya! Tired of my badge resetting as well I can't wait to see it hit 30 days.  ..Hang in there and thanks for sharing this...Cheers with my watermelon Perrier! 
Stay the course!
This is a fight for your life. You can do this! IWNDWYT.
