-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ankwes/saw_my_doctor_today/

Made an emergency appointment and went before I could change my mind. I was so nervous; churning stomach shaking all over stuttering the works... But I did it! Finally told someone exactly how much this is hurting me and you know what? She was so compassionate and gentle. I must have looked ready to bolt. I was so so scared you guys. ..I've finally accepted that I can't beat this on my own. I've tried so damn hard but I just can't. And that's ok. It's time to get help. ..Anyone else out there struggling with seeing a doctor just remember that they are there to help you. Be as honest as you can and just let them help you... which is very easy to say and so much harder to do. Guess who shakes like a chihuahua when stressed? This girl   
----------immediate responses--------

You are the bravest person! Even chihuahuas can bite! Strong lady!  
 IWNDWYT 
You did the hardest thing to do to get sober you admitted you had a problem and asked for help. Good for you! 
I had to make that same trip and after 3 months I thank God everyday that I did. Good job starting your journey to sobriety!! IWNDWYT!!
Well done. You are on your way! Happy to not drink with you    
With you!!!
Awesome! What did the doctor say / advise? I need to do this I am very scared I may actually have liver damage but I feel too embarrassed to have a blood test etc.  I want to at least have some days sober before I go but I puked this weekend and there was blood in it and where I think my liver is located has hurt for months :(
I'm terrified to tell the Dr. I'm afraid they will record the alcohol abuse in my file and that shit never goes away. Future employment or life insurance application...rejected 
Huzzah! Way to go. I saw my doctor to detox today too! We've got this!  Iwndwyt. 
The first time I saw my rheumatologist which was the middle of September the nurse was doing my blood pressure and stuff and asked if I had any other issues you which I bluntly admitted "Debilitating alcoholism." At that point I didn't care about anything. I had just been arrested a few weeks before that was about to lose my lisence within a few days for a year my body was betraying me because I was developing an aggressive form of rheumatoid arthritis (read: my immune system attacks my own body destroying joints and even bone I have pain everywhere my fingers are starting to look like mangled little tree branches etc.)...It took me a few weeks and reading Annie Grace's *This Naked Mind* but I quit drinking. It's been over 100 days. And I love when the nurse calls me with my labs (which sadly don't look so good always) but I can tell the nurse is almost giddy that I gave up drinking. And my rheumatologist is proud too. Maybe they're one of the few people right now... But at least it's something that feels good...Doctors want to help you. Never be afraid to tell them the truth!
Did they prescribe you anything?  Do you know if it gets recorded under your permanent medical record (not sure if that's an actual thing) or only that clinic's?
Awesome! Telling my doctor saved my life. 
