-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anp90i/relapse_advice_need_hope/

I had made it alcohol free since 13th October. A few stressful events and I relapsed straight back to where I was over the weekend bottles of spirits hidden in water bottles and complete loss of control. ..I knew it couldn't go on and had also been caught by wife as if I thought she wouldn't notice... I phoned the dr on Monday morning and somehow made it to the appointment. She was excellent and saw what a state of anxiety I was in prescribing Librium and a follow up appointment...I know this extreme anxiety and rush of stress hormones will pass but I'm really hanging by a thread. Librium has a minor effect but nothing I know of other than time takes this away...I would so much appreciate any stories from those who have come through this sheer panic and perhaps advice on making up to loved ones (again)...I hope strength for you all
----------immediate responses--------

The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. They exist because they work. AA is the one that worked for me. Good luck. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
The best way I've found of making up to loved ones is just to not do shameful stuff anymore. ..I quit about a hundred times before this period of sobriety. That might sound like an exaggeration but it was over 35 years so my guess may be conservative. I'd get a few days here some weeks there and maxed out at 9 months once. Stopping and starting again is what the illness is about for me. When I finally realized that drinking was going to kill me and that I couldn't outsmart it or overpower it I was able to get stopped. I didn't do it on my own as that had failed many times in the past. I started attending various meetings of recovery groups (SMART AA Refuge Recovery) and got medical help including a few months of Antabuse...Please stop by and let us know how it's going. Congratulations on recognizing the problem and seeing a doctor. 
Good job on heading back in the right direction. To get through the anxious parts I'm all about distraction which means just getting lost in something like a good novel binging a Netflix series (just watched Russian Doll was pretty good) a favorite album with some headphones on putting a jigsaw puzzle together whatever can focus your mind on something besides alcohol and anxiety. ..As far as the relationship part. I had apologized to my SO so many times that I stopped apologizing because I thought I was making the word 'sorry' meaningless. I realized that the only "true" sorry had to be spoken through my actions the act of getting my shit together getting sober otherwise what would another sheepishly mumbled "sorry" even mean? I did tell him that I was ashamed of how often I had to apologise and that though it may seem like I didn't care I really truly did. ..Best wishes on your journey my friend! You are capable of more than you realize you just have to accept that version of yourself that future you that lives a fulfilling life without booze. 
You'll feel better in a couple of days.  I use the Headspace app to help calm my anxiety though.  ..Staying sober is the best way to love your loved ones.
