-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anr726/finding_the_courage_to_go_to_a_local_selfhelp/

I've been struggling with alcohol on and off for more than 10 years now. Last September I got admitted to a withdrawal facility and I did well for a couple of months...Today I went to see my psychiatrist (who helped me with the withdrawal) and had to admit I had a relapse. He asked me if I wanted to be admitted to the withdrawal facility again but I don't want to. So he suggested to cut down over a period of 2 weeks to manage withdrawal symptoms. I don't think I can make this I'd rather quit alltogether. Don't know if I should listen to my doctor or follow my instincts. ..Where I live there is a local group calles 'SOS sobriety' something like the AA but without some kind of god or the 12 steps. I really want to go but I don't dare to tell at home that I am going. So now I am trying to find the courage to go. I know for sure it will help me. I really feel alone in this. I feel very ashamed and weak-hearthed. I lost faith in myself. I think a group will make me realize there's a 'we' in this problem and not only an 'I' that's having this problem. ..I might sound confused but my thougths are whirling around. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone.We have all been torn up inside by this addiction.You can defeat it.Take that first step.I for onewill not drink with you today.  
The fellowship and accountability that meetings offered saved my life. I hope you attend. 
i can tell you from experience that i could not get sober on my own and being part of a fellowship/recovery group (aa for me) has been key.  i no longer feel alone.  as for withdrawals please follow the advice of your doctor.  withdrawal can be serious business. 
Go...Also your doctor's suggestion is good. He can help you taper. But ongoing support is the best option long term. This is a we problem and millions have dealt with it through group support. 
This meetings are the best!  The room is full of our people!  People that can see and cut right through your bullshit.  People that want nothing more than to help you recover because by helping you recover they are helping themselves recover...Just go.  You'll be welcomed and loved...Much love to you my friend
