-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anrvbo/i_cant_poop_day_8/

So I was a daily pooper when I was drinking and somehow they were all pretty solid normal poops but last Tuesday was my last day drinking. I pooped Wednesday morning like normal but then couldn't poop at all. I went three days without a single poop and finally took a laxative Sunday. The same thing is happening again...I haven't pooped at all since Sunday and I feel so constipated it hurts to even sit. I drink almost a gallon of water a day eat plenty of fiber and I've gone to the gym every day. I want to take another laxative but I'm trying to give it another day because I don't want to be dependent upon them. Anyone else struggle with this?
----------immediate responses--------

Kind of. Every time I quit I am really irregular for like a week. Like 2 or 3 days without going. I end up taking fiber powder and it puts me on track 
Are your eating habits the same as they were? Maybe your body is trying to correct dehydration? I am dealing with the worst flu I've had in a decade on day 5 and believe this has to do with my body's response to quitting drinking. Hope you feel better soon!Iwndwyt!
My recommendation is to get some glycerin suppositories. I never had problems with pooping when related to alcohol but I did have that problem when I did certain diets for lifting or losing weight. I would say drink a ton of water then use a suppository. What it does is pull water down into the intestines. It works within 20 minutes it's very fast. In my experience it works much better than drinking something or taking actual ex-lax. Hopefully after one or two good poops you can get back to normal. That's how it was for me. You don't want to rely on something that makes you go otherwise you won't be able to go without it... so use sparingly. 
I went thru the same thing. It seemed to go back to normal after 2-3 weeks. If I were you I would take the laxative and if in another few days it isn't better head to a Dr :)
Try a magnesium supplement  Calms is a good one - read up on it it's can really help regain that rhythm ;)  
You said your eating fiber but have you tried eating nothing but fruit/veg for a few days? It will make you go. I cant make promises but the best thing to get me going if I'm stuck is avacado. Eat 2 large avacados and see what happens in 24 hours. Worst comes to worst your only down 2 dollard.
