-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/anw5qq/im_feeling_positive_and_things_are_going_allright/

Hey everyone..I usually don't post I stick to giving upvotes but I've been struggling a bit lately and was hoping for more knowledge and your experiences regarding this issue...I have been clean/sober for exactly 14 months today. My life has really improved ever since. I'm currently going back to school plans on studying further in september. Surrounded myself with sober and loving people and things seem stable. At the start of my recovery I went to meetings daily had a sponsor and worked the steps (not trying to promote anything here). I do believe these things helped me get to the point I'm at now. As time passed I started going to less meetings 2-3 meetings a week seemed healthy to me. However it's been 4 weeks now since I've been to a meeting. I'm having trouble finding the motivation to go to meetings and I guess this is because I can't think of any real reasons why the meetings are still helping me. I do have to say typing this made me realise I'm currently being very selfish because I forgot an important reason why meetings exist and that is to share my experience (strength and hope) to the newcomers. Besides for that point I'm having trouble finding the real value for me personally. Is it because I'm slipping towards a relapse? (although it 100% doesn't feel like that). Have any of you had this experience as well?..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for taking the time to read this I'm happy to be part of this forum. When I'm in meetings (AA NA CA) there are still fears that withhold me from sharing (I do share but that's 1 out of 20 meetings). I guess the power of this subreddit is that I can just say whatever is bothering me without scanning the room if people are listening and agreeing (if not adapting my story). .. IWNDWYT! ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Do whatever it takes for you to get through. Then when you feel the need or desire help others. 
I know that for me I need some sort of meeting each week. (AA Smart Recovery Refuge Recovery...) and when I get away from meetings it usually ends up in a relapse...I need the camaraderie support and good vibes that I get. And you never know something I say might actually help someone else...&amp;#x200B;..Hang in there!!  IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
The utility and value I received from meetings was immense in the beginning.  Free recovery meetings absolutely provided a major element of what I needed to stop drinking...In the beginning it was "me me me"......  Help "me" stop.  Help me get better...After a while the transformation began to occur.  I moved more and more away from my self-centeredness and more toward "other-ness".....  what could I do for others...I still go to meetings.  Not because I'm in danger of having a drink.  I have no interest urges cravings.....  *I no longer think of alcohol*....  That's a miracle!..However I do for several purposes - to ensure that someone is there for a newcomer or someone struggling; to clear my head and sweep my mental attic; to practice being less selfish and more giving; and mainly to live from my Heart and not my Head...Sober on!!
This was a season in your life.....Like using training wheels on a bike when you are learning. By being able to fonction in your life now you are helping others. It's only a matter of location. People at the meeting will get help when they really need it and the right person will be there. ..It's ok to be strong to fly on your own. There will be opportunities to help. .No shame in moving on. 
I can relate to this 100% and I am almost exactly where you are in your sobriety just a little bit behind. When I was super newly sober (days and weeks and first few months) I went to meetings almost every day and they were a HUGE help to me. Then I gradually stopped going to them regularly. I went on my year soberversary and that was really nice and I spoke (I raised my hand when they asked about anniversaries too quickly as I had forgotten people had to speak on their anniversaries! Gah! lol) and got a year chip. Since then I went on New Years Eve I think but haven't been back since then and don't feel the strong pull to go like in the very very beginning. I got the Big Book and read much of it but didn't do the steps with a sponsor though just enjoyed being there and hearing other people talk and sharing myself occasionally. I think that's just fine and ok. I'm sure many AA acolytes will warn us that we're cruisin for a relapse but I don't feel that way generally at all. I feel mostly secure and when I don't I post here and get lots of loving and kind support. This place is all I need I think. I love it here. :)..Congrats on 14 months and I hope your road gets even easier. Hugs. 
I think it's a very personal thing. There's not a 'one size fits all' journey into sober life...My take would be to just carry on with what works for you. AA will still be there if you feel like you need it in the future. ..Personaly I'm a staunch Atheist and I attend 1 AA meeting a week and find it really helpful and beneficial. Mainly for the fellowship and being around my own kind. Also the ritual of going and the structure of an AA meeting I find to be quite grounding. ..I am looking to get myself a sponsor and work the program. I have seen 1st hand that it works and it seems to be working for me. ..I hope as I get further down the line I could possibly be there for someone else to help them on their journey too...IWNDWYT 
Lots of folks -  myself included - don't do meetings but we are here in SD every day. Others are all about going to meetings. I find reading posts here while writing to others and posting myself and reading feedback on SD is a really good outlet. Things that are paramount in my healing is being honest with myself about how I am doing keeping to a schedule exercise not isolating myself and keeping myself properly titrated - gotta keep my chocolate and caffeine levels up. ..You DO you.....BUT you mentioned that you feel like you might be on the road to relapse and don't normally post - so I think I would unpack that a bit...&amp;#x200B;..14 months is awesome - and as I well know - you don't want to have to go back to day 1. ..&amp;#x200B;..Do what you need to stay sober...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Have you tried the In The Rooms app?  Online meeting every two hours. It helped me. 
