-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/any5zg/25_days_personal_victory/

I've done it. I've really done it...25 days. ..The longest I've been sober in years. Living alone mind you but I still consider it a personal victory. I can only compare myself against myself and the man I want to be..I had a coffee date last weekend and I didn't immediately get drunk afterwards in a vain attempt to ease my social anxiety. Sober me must have worked. We are supposed to meet again this weekend. If we don't then I won't wallow in the brown bottle..It's been a struggle. I'll be honest it gets easier and harder all at the same time. I've had dreams fevered and almost real of the drink and the drunk. I can taste it the booze. .Those solitary Saturdays nights of nothing and loneliness were the worst. I've been to the precipice and almost fallen or leaped or toppled over the edge. I've bought alcohol intending to drink. But I didn't drink I found some inner strength and that matters to my cat and myself. We like myself better this sober way. I'm sure my neighbors don't like the pacing but hey it could be worse...Tonight its around 7 PM and I'm working on a short story I intend to finish sometime this month. I hope you'll read it and my forthcoming works one day. In an hour I will head to the gym then I will go to bed sober and wake up sober and try to get another day underneath my belt. .I will reach 31 days. I want to continue making positive changes. Maybe get a 4-legged friend for my cat with the money I've saved. Perhaps. But that is for another day. Another sober day!.IWNDWYT!.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. Congrats!!..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Congrats on reaching this personal milestone! I'm happy that your date went well and I hope the next one goes even better. I too enjoy writing I hope your writing session is a cathartic one and the words flow from your fingertips. Best wishes on your journey of continued sobriety friend. I never imagined being sober as long as I have been and I gotta say it's only gotten easier and more enjoyable. Keep it up!
Congratulations on your hard-earned 25 days and your new outlook!  IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
Stay the course and you ll write a damn novel!.Iwndwyt
My cat also likes me a lot better sober :)
25 days here as well. High five! IWNDWYT
