-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ao0lnp/drinking_again_after_kicking_the_addiction/

No I'm not drinking.  I don't want to and I don't have to - I'm loving it.  I just wanted to post my thoughts about the phenomenon after a few weeks of not drinking a drink of the alcohol doesn't really do anything for people.  This is a common post here.  This happened to me last year as well.  I've been struggling with why this happens...I've read Allan Carr and Annie Grace's book.   I haven't seen this addressed specifically but they dance around it.  Maybe I read it and I am plagiarizing subconsciously right now but I don't think so...To the point:..As we know once you are dependent on alcohol most of the good feelings we get from drinking is simply the relief of withdrawal.  Therefore I think that once we are no longer addicted to alcohol and we drink we aren't getting the relief from withdrawal that we've  come to  love ...I think a lot of us find pride in saying  I drank and it didn't do anything for me.   However instead of some sort of positive revelation I think it just shows the insidious nature of alcohol addiction and how addicted we once were...Maybe not just a thought.
----------immediate responses--------

That's not a bad thought but I'm not going to be the one to volunteer to test it experimentally. :)..For me I know exactly why I wouldn't enjoy a drink or two it's because I never enjoyed *a* drink I always drank to get shitfaced because I crave the oblivion of blackout drinking.  Even in my worst drinking days if I only had 10 beers in the fridge and not enough money for more I would rather go without any than only get halfway to oblivion. I considered it a waste of time and money and I would be super pissed at myself whenever I went to bed still aware of my surroundings.
I have no idea what you are trying to say. 
Now that I think about it seems like that was the case a lot of the time... and sometimes I would not be "happy" because I was so hungover that I couldn't get a good buzz again (most I could get was a weird spacy buzz) but I'd for some reason still enjoy that I "needed" to drink because otherwise I'd have a terrible panic attack..I have been kind of blah the past week but I know any romanticizing of alcohol is a lie...
