-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ao4et1/i_want_to_stop_drinking_is_tearing_my_life_apart/

This is going to be long thanks for sticking it out and reading it means a lot to me....I fell hard yesterday I only meant to have one and  ended up blacking out...My fiance  has asked to be removed from the mortgage and given her rings back. My life is falling apart faster everyday and I just can't seem to make the right choices...In the last year I was diagnosed with severe IBS (irritable bowel syndrome). For which I now have to take awful medicine daily to just barely maintain a normal lifestyle. After struggling with it for months it got progressively worse to the point where I now have panic attacks upon the simple thought of leaving the house. ..With the severity of my condition I was basically forced to quit my job as a delivery driver for a florist. I attended a psychiatrist and a therapist for months until I forgot to schedule an appointment. Honestly I didn't feel like a person being heard more like symptoms to be fixed...I don't think I am capable of happiness because from the ages of 5-16 I was fed a steady diet of Ritalin which I can't help feel has damaged my brain irreparably...I would like to attend meetings but I don't believe in a higher power which makes me a bit hesitant in going. ..I don't know what to do anymore please help.
----------immediate responses--------

go to a meeting I am an agonstic and have never had a problem in a meeting - except when I started to "preach" my non beliefs.  Nobody asks nobody cares if you don't like the prayer at the end say something to yourself... 
You are always welcome here! I am new here but I find it very very nice and useful. I am skeptical about AA meetings due to the "higher power" stuff as well and don't go to meetings. 
The next meeting in my city in Tuesday for new people. I can make it until then..IWNDWYT!
Congrats on your decision to quit drinking. It is worth it. You deserve a better life without alcohol. Today I will not drink with you. I found out that I don't have to worry about never drinking again. I just have to make sure I don't take the first sip. ..There are many paths to recovery. Many people choose AA others go to SMART or Refuge Recovery meetings. Others just use this sub or have their own methods. There are tools that help that will make it easier as you go...Remember quitting is hardest at the beginning. It gets much easier if you stick with it. You don't have to do the hard part over and over again. I will not drink with you today.
Definitely try out a meeting asap.  All you need is the desire to stop drinking.  Don't be afraid to walk in the doors.  From my experience everyone is very welcoming and have always left more positive and thankful.  Also for AA I don't believe you have to wait for a meeting for just new people.  Just show up to the next meeting you can make and take a seat listen and share if you wish or pass if you don't.  ..IWNDWYT 
I had to quit drinking more than I had to worry about someone else's vision of a higher power. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs and it has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. Good luck. 
You are not beyond repair! I believe in you. I know you can do this and we are all cheering for you!.
Thought I had IBS for years.  Turns out it was booze the whole time..   back to normal now and can be away from a toilet about as long as I want
Hang in there.  Kelly Brogan M.D. is a psychiatrist in NY that has helped a lot of people.  All of the new discoveries are showing the same old wisdom.  Eating a whole foods diet and if you can taking some whole food supplements will make the gut biome happy and help you.  Good luck.
