-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ao4i80/its_been_a_good_year/

One year!  Woo!  Looking back I can't believe I waited this long to get sober.  It was hard but it was great!  And I've accomplished so much.  I:..*Participated in my sister's wedding--sober.*Had a lot of great professional accomplishments--without needing booze to deal with stress.*Went on an amazing vacation to Iceland that I simply could not have managed while drinking--I didn't have to spend each morning hung over and the rest of the day anxious about how I was going to get enough booze to last through the night.*Attended a bunch of concerts/festivals to see a bunch of great bands (Bad Religion Weezer Alkaline Trio Bullet for My Valentine Sum 41 Every Time I Die Turnstile Beartooth Knocked Loose Ice Nine Kills Reel Big Fish Andrew WK Wolfmother Smashing Pumpkins Motionless in White and more!)--sober.*Played through the board game Pandemic Legacy with my wife.*Made substantial progress in the Gloomhaven board game with my wife.*Painted the miniatures from the board game Stuffed Fables and played through it with my kids.*Gotten back into Magic: the Gathering including top8ing a sealed UMA PPTQ and winning a Liliana of the Veil ($250 card) as a prize.*Gotten back into reading including reading the entire Wheel of Time series again and finally getting into Brandon Sanderson's other books..So much of this I never would have done while drinking either due to lack of motivation to do anything other than sink into oblivion or due to being simply incapable of doing cognitively demanding things while drunk...Many thanks to this community for helping to keep me on the path.  Just seeing that I'm not alone and that others have faced the same struggles and overcome them is worth so much.  IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a year! I'm happy for you. IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT
Too busy to drink you are!  Congratulations on One Year.  That's quite the accomplishment.  IWNDWYT.
Live it! Love it!.Youve earned it!.Stay the course..Iwndwyt
Sounds like a great year! Probably saved so much not drinking all those drinks and festivals were possible :)
Great year!  IWNDWYT
