-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aohii0/this_subreddit_is_the_best_thing_ever/

Almost a year ago I joined this subreddit and there weren't this many subscribers or this many daily posts. It makes my heart so warm to see this community grow so quickly. It's reassuring to see many people in this world realizing that alcohol is a drug and although it's  socially acceptable  it can also ruin your life if you can't control it. And I also don't feel so alone in my powerlessness to it. ..While I was not here while battling relapses this past 10 months this group has helped me through my early recovery so much. I am so grateful for that right now. I can't say I couldn't have done it without you guys but damn it would have been really tough and really boring. ..New people don't give up. Ever. Start over 1000 times if you have to. It will stick. My favorite reminder this week: Quitters never win and winners never quit...IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

What a great message to wake up to friend! 
We're glad you're here with us.
Thanks for sharing. Congrats on 19 days!!..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
I just found this place at a time I was in desperate need!..IWNDWYT
Nice quote! 
I agree with you. Having this sub where we can be honest with ourselves and this community about our drinking habit is terrific. The bonus is that we are truly anonymous so we don't have to care as much as we would in real person. I think that's a key towards a quicker recovery. Relapses happen primarily by triggers so as long as we learn from the Why we relapsed and make the positive changes then we can drive a little more quickly towards recovery. None of us would be here if we didn't think we had a problem and needed some oitside help. Kudos to all who support one another...IWNDWYT and I agree this is one of the best communities worldwide to support a more amazing life without alcohol.
Yeah we don't want to disappoint each other. Not like the other subs like WTF etc
