-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aoks5f/1_year_and_thanks/

I had my 1 year a few days ago what a trip! 13 months or so ago I figured I'd be dead by now so it's still a little shocking to be writing this. /r/stopdrinking was my #1 resource in the hardest parts of the first year so a profound thank you to everyone here I almost certainly wouldn't be sober had this place not existed. Sharing your stories here can sometimes feel like you're typing into the abyss but they're read and absorbed and learned from by others so thank you. ..&amp;#x200B;..Another big surprise-- I didn't rush here right here on my 1 year to post this. As amazingly helpful as SD is I don't read it much anymore (you can check my post history to see I was a pretty regular contributor) because I don't think about drinking much these days. Not drinking feels like the default state which is INSANE and would've been unbelievable just a few months ago. That to me is a HUGE success of the community. ..&amp;#x200B;..My 1 year story isn't too much different from what I see here a lot-- it was very hard life still isn't perfect by any means and overall it was just a net improvement to my life I often have to remind myself how terrible I felt at the bottom pondering who would take care of my dog when I off'd myself. ..&amp;#x200B;..If I could go back and share 1 thing with me on day 1 I'd say 'the effort and mental pain required to stay sober decreases month over month. There might be spikes and valleys but the longer you're sober the easier it becomes'. Simple shit and perhaps something I suspected would happen but I didn't actually know for sure. So many of my relapses started with "if i'm going to be this miserable not drinking for the rest of my life I might as well drink fuck it." But it does get easier if you just hold on. Don't let a bad day or few day fool you into thinking it's hopeless because getting through that bad day will make you more resilient when the next one comes around. ..&amp;#x200B;..OK one last thing that scared me-- I was so worried I was going to lose my personality and I was only fun when I'm drunk because I'm a bit introverted. I wasn't going to be funny anymore. My writing (which I care deeply about despite what this rambl-y post would suggest) would be less daring and more bland. I always come up with my best ideas when i'm drunk. My self esteem issues tell me I am a sack of shit so I do not say this lightly or without much consideration but the complete opposite happened. After a few months when I no longer felt \*completely\* unhinged and unable to relate to the world sober me was much funnier a better conversationalist and now my 'best ideas' stand up to scrutiny 12 hours later. ..&amp;#x200B;..All those traits that I used to think were brought out only by drinking were actually hindered by it. It took some time but it was such a relief and a pleasant surprise when I came to that realization...&amp;#x200B;..That's it! I always said 'if I make it to 1 year my SD post is going to be like 500 words max'. Woops but it is such a life changing experience that it's hard to do any sort of meaningful reflection while being brief. Thanks again to the community who was my biggest support system throughout this. When I think about all of you folks I have such an immense sense of gratitude and well wishes that it is getting me a little choked up right now...Happy to answer any questions if there are any. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

ibam not even a week into it and just realized that a bottle of red was how i reward my self after a day or week. did you find other ways to reward you? i am not sooo much looking for something alternative to eat or drink. more something "good" in general. did u find such thing? and btw can relate to your feeling re this community. i love it already...
Congratulations! And thank you for your reflections on your journey. I'm looking forward to being where you are in a year   
Yay congrats on your milestone Pllist and Fizzy-Water-Cheers to many more to come!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Today was one of those days where I was thinking:..*"if i'm going to be this miserable not drinking for the rest of my life I might as well drink fuck it."* ..*But it does get easier if you just hold on.*  ..I really needed someone to tell me that right now.  Thank you for posting.
IWNDWYT
This was very inspiring and encouraging to me. Congratulations. Cheers!   
Living my dream friend! Well done!  
Congrats! 
