-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aosolv/self_improvement_during_rehab/

Due to a legal issue related to my past drinking my lawyer has me going into rehab on Monday. ..I'm not opposed to this but I am on day 48 clean now and will be crossing day 50 as I check-in; so I am not sure it is something I truly need...But instead of fighting it or looking at it as something I need to struggle to get through I'm trying to be positive and look at how I can best use this time to improve myself and my life...Any suggestions/ideas are welcome...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Lots to learn seek out others who truly want it. During my rehab I found several who were there by court order and if allowed would have been a major drag. I built a set of tools that serve me well today on this sober adventure. Keeping that positive attitude and the willingness to improve should serve you well. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
&gt;But instead of fighting it or looking at it as something I need to struggle to get through I'm trying to be positive and look at how I can best use this time to improve myself and my life...As I've gotten older I've come to realize that I'll be in situations sometimes where I feel they're not ideal. I could be doing something better...But I've learned to step back and understand that realistically I probably wouldn't really be doing anything that tremendously better. And how have my past decisions where I thought I knew better turn out? Often not so great...So I learned to just shut up and listen. Take what's useful and leave the rest. Get through the time it takes and move on taking what you can from it...But in my case first and foremost just shut up. :)
Thing is there is so much more to recovery than just not drinking...We have built up incredible momentum with our warped thinking rationalization justification and fear.  In my case much had to do with self esteem that is warped cracked and otherwise out of shape...I use AA there are alternatives but they all require an emotional reeducation and resetting of priorities and understandings.  Your rehab may introduce you to the steps  - or some other program  - it's worth paying attention to - and it all can eventually be adjusted to your needs (I work a non religious 12 steps) but  at this point just listening and not debating will get your closer to where you need to be.
I also did a rehab program after relapsing after 11 months all on my own willpower. i suppose I had an open mind and I definitely learnt a fair bit that I otherwise didn't know before. I'm glad I made the most of it and even made some real sober friends that I'd never meet when i was drinking. I say good luck it can only be helpful.  
