-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aotqgd/i_have_really_been_struggling_since_wednesday/

I havent drank since Novenber 4th I also havent had any tabacco since then. I have strong together plenty of good days and even weeks but for some damn reason without changing anything that I know of I can just plummet into anxiety and depression. I got on some meds for the anxiety that had helped me before and still I have horrible stretches. I was tempted for the first time since I quit drinking this week but didnt have any. I'm ready for this to get better but it's so damn hard I woke up this morning bn ing just numb not wanting to do anything and not interested in anything at all. I know i took away tabacco and alcohol witch i had used to come with stress and everything for years but I didnt expect the mental problems to last this long after quitting. Fuck. Not going to drink but could use some insight to know if this happens to anyone else and if bj it gets better. This sub always seems to make me feel better. Thank you guys.
----------immediate responses--------

For me the depression is a constant and drinking just makes it worse. ..&amp;#x200B;..Ride the wave it will crest and ebb with time... you can do this!  IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
&gt;I got on some meds for the anxiety that had helped me before and still I have horrible stretches...Hey that could be alcohol! ..You're avoiding a legal safe drug because it doesn't work 100% in favor for a different one that works even less?? And is a known *cause and exacerbate* depression and anxiety?..Idk if you're a dude or a chick but for me I had to try a few different birth controls to find the one that worked with my body well and helped keep my cycle-driven anxiety and acne under control. I'm sure the same is true for anxiety medications the first one you try may not be the best but that's no reason to write it all off.....You can do this good luck 
During my first year I'd get waves of good and bad. Paws(post acute withdrawal syndrome) is real and brings on the bad. You should familiarize yourself with it. The good thing though is it's just a phase and passes. Hold strong and keep pushing. 
I had a couple of weeks like this and it finally lifted the other day. A couple of days I wanted to drink worse than I have since the first few weeks sober. I think I finally learned the meaning of one day at a time. One day I nearly gave in and was around alcohol but made it through by telling myself I could drink the next day if I wanted. I woke up the next morning and was so very grateful I didn't cave...I do take meds and they work but it's not perfect. I still have to get better at coping with down days. And like mentioned above if you are a lady you can expect to struggle at least once a month. Hormones are real!..I'm glad you posted. Sometimes I think everyone else is having an easy time quitting and that must mean I'm doing something wrong or that there's just no hope for me. It's not true. We ALL struggle sometimes...IWNDWYT ...
