-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aowj14/day_3_checking_in/

I hope I'm not doing anything wrong by checking in like this I'm new to this sobriety thing and I really want it to stick. As I'm a bit homebound at the moment I don't really have a support system in place and I'm trying posting on here...There was a stressful situation this morning so I got dressed walked down two blocks to a small shopping center and asked who was hiring. Out of the 14 shops I could only ask at 5 for various reasons but out of those 5 one actually was hiring. So I asked for an application raced home filled it out as neat as I could as my handwriting is  atrocious and immediately went back. I'm hoping to get called. I usually don't have to struggle to get a job it's just wether or not I am willing to take a small pay cut. Then I came home rode my very cheap resistance bicycle for a mile did 50 jumping jacks and curled a 5lb weight 20x with both arms I'm not very active or athletic by any means...Talked to an old friend for a bit and now I'm getting ready to go see the Lego movie 2. ..Thanks for reading I really appreciate it as I don't have anyone to talk with...IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you. I went to watch lego movie 2 with my kids and wife yesterday ( was not my cup of tea but trying to get family back ) you need support though is there no AA meetings near you full of really good people to help you if need it? Good look and enjoy the movie. Keep yourself busy like you have been it will help you greatly..IWNDWYT
sounds like a great day!  and nah not doing anything wrong at all by checking in.  this place is a tool to help you with your sobriety.. use it however suits you.  pretty much all my posts are "just checking in" or "just wanted to share this with someone".  congrats on 3 days IWNDWYT
Awesome!!  Great to hear!!..Keep up the good work.  You can do this!!..IWNDWYT 
Then I came home rode my very cheap resistance bicycle for a mile did 50 jumping jacks and curled a 5lb weight 20x with both arms.. Keep this up. Be consistent. Your body craves it. You can succeed. 
Good work friend! IWNDWYT!!    
