-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aox6o4/alcohol_prescription_meds_and_the_fragility_or_my/

Hi friends..This post is a little different from the usual. I hope you don't mind it as it's not strictly alcohol related but it is related to the struggles we all face. Addiction...I was diagnosed with adult ADHD this year. I'm in my 30s. The docs prescribed some stimulant medication. This weekend I abused them by taking too many for the purposes of getting high. I also drank. Not much but I drank. ..I've got a long history of recreational drug use. The drinking and weed started around 13. I didn't quit weed until I was 28 thank God I did. I took lost of ecstacy in my 20s and cocaine appeared more recently. Luckily most harder drugs rarely make an appearance these days. ..It was just scary how quickly I got and abused these drugs. I didn't even plan it but once I started taking them I couldn't stop...The drugs are a stimulant and I found they alter my mind in such a way that I change. It's a bit like the booze I guess. It changes me into a person I don't want to be. I became really hyper sexual and that's when the gateway to all the bad habits can open up. It reminded me so much if getting on coke and getting drunk. ..I'm a father and a family man now. It just scared the shit out of me. It made me realise that I'm one drink/drug away from setting myself off on a chain of events that could tear my marriage and family apart. And it would be my fault. ..So far I've been managing my alcohol intake. I took a long stint off it but have been dabbling here and there. ..I just think I really need to give it away because it turns me into someone that frightens me. I recognise myself less and less in this person. It's like my shadow self. ..I created this account because I wanted to be a role model for my baby son. I need to remember that. ..I don't even know what my question is but any advice would be appreciated. ...
----------immediate responses--------

In my relapse I struggled with both alcohol and prescription stimulants. When I was hospitalized 2.5 years ago at the end of my relapse they put me in psychiatric facility I was given the ADHD scales and scored off the charts...They asked how I had functioned so highly in previous sobriety (18 years) without help. ..My answer: meditation exercise and Buddhist study...It is the same today. They wanted me to go on meds but I know how I react on stimulants who I become...hyper sexual amoral vain etc.  ..I am glad I chose not to take them...Hopefully that helps.
i've struggled with various addictions for the past 10 years or so.  one thing that i have learned about myself is that i dont moderate very well.  just cutting back only abusing on weekends "oh i need to quit damn ok well i will make a plan to take less and less and eventually stop" etc.. never did it for me.  the only way i have ever been able to drop my bad habits was straight up cold turkey.  i was only ever able to quit when some kind of switch flipped in my head and i truly didnt even want the substance any more.  its just on/off.  once i decide im done and that switch flips its over.  it was like this (for me) with opiates amphetamines and alcohol all at separate times in my life.  .  .i guess what im trying to say is straight up until i was able to flip that switch i would always find ways to justify it.  sitting on the fence hyperanalyzing the situation never really worked out for me.  i just had to decide i was done.  after that quitting was easy  .  .good luck man
I asked my doctor to specifically prescribe a non-stimulant ADHD medication for these same reasons. I used to abuse Adderral and drink like hell on top of it. There are a few non-stimulant meds out there that work well...
I hear that. I had a tall boy at a show and it was just weird. I didn't want to drink more because I know hangover sucks yet that one beer was just to have something in my hand since I was tired etc 
