-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ap0qbi/questions_re_antabuse/

I've been struggling with quitting for over a year now. I quit for few days moderate then end up back at the beginning. So I'm considering something to hardwire my early feelings of steadfastness in sobriety to help me make it further than 3 or 5 days. ..A couple questions re: Antabuse:..1) can you get Antabuse online or OTC or do you have to see a doctor?.2) I've read it can make you drowsy. I've got a fairly high intensity work life and drowsiness is not an option. Thoughts?..Appreciate your insights. Thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

Dont worry about drowsy to much. .Booze is poison. .You know this is true. .We poison ourselves with each black out. .Cross the bridge when it comes.see if you can use it to stop drinking.THEN.decide. .love you
You have to see a doctor and they'll probably order a blood draw to test something liver-related (but mine let me start on it right away anyway.)..I did have intense drowsiness -- the worst of my life. I slept up to 16 hours a day -- like 10 hours at night plus most of the afternoon. It went away completely within 2 weeks. I don't think everyone gets hit this hard. I was also on antidepressants and coming out of a depressive episode. ..Antabuse worked miracles for me though. Since you're interested I'd recommend trying it anyway. If you do have unacceptable side effects you can just stop taking it immediately.  
It didn't make me feel drowsy but it made me feel weird - hard to say how but physically and mentally a little strange - so I stopped taking it.
You have to see a doctor. I did not experience drowsiness but it gave me an upset stomach and a headache if I took it for more than a few days... unfortunately. Taking it with food seemed to help a bit with the upset stomach thing. 
I got antabuse through a doctor a couple years back. I Took 1 or 2 pills but then left it as I subconsciously wanted to be able to drink at a certain event. 5 or 6 days after taking a pill I had a few drinks. It took until probably 5 drinks in before the trace amounts in my system reacted. It was absolutely horrible and scary in a way. Very shallow and slow breathing with horrible nausea and an intense headache. Be careful if you go that route even kombucha or cough syrup etc. can cause a severe reaction which is neurotoxic.
