-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ap0u8c/thoughts_on_wanting_to_work_the_steps_but_not/

I have been in and out of the program multiple times and a common push for me to run away from it is when a new sponsor or people within the program tell me the cause to all of my problems is a lack of higher power. I have left multiple times but have remain sober through all of my ups and downs. ..I would really like to extend my step work specifically step 4 and 5 with a sponsor but I cant seem to get there. Yes I am aware that part of this is stubbornness but at the same time I do not enjoy all of my bad moments being labeled as a lack of connection with my high power. No matter how great of a connection I have I will always struggle with my mental health. ..For example my mental health recently hasn't been the best. not once did I think about drinking through all of the madness but I was labeled as a dry drunk because if it. I know that there is a possibility that my emotional sobriety is not in the best shape right now because of the lack of meetings and just plain conversations with fellow alcoholics but that doesn't mean that I am a dry drunk because my mental health was on an extreme low. ..I know this turned into a huge rant but that really is not my primary purpose of this post. I was curious if others have worked the steps without claiming and relying on a higher power? if so was it with or without a sponsor? Also have others been able to place boundaries with a sponsor that let them be comfortable around the topic without losing the feel of AA and the true relationship between a sponsor and a sponsee? 
----------immediate responses--------

The universe is a higher power. .Use it. 
Have you explored the possibility of using a higher power like the universe or the meeting group itself? My understanding is so long that you believe in a power greater than yourself that you cannot control everything you should be okay.  I read a great definition of faith today and I'll share it as it could be helpful:..Faith - The realization that the tragic irrationalities of life must be counterbalanced by an equally irrational commitment to the essential goodness of being...I think that really helps me identify what faith is independent of religion.  I hope that helps and doesn't add to the confusion. Best to you!
Read Common Sense Recovery: an atheist's guide to AA by Adam N. 
Choose anything my friend. It's like the serenity prayer "To the God of our understanding" It's totally up to you!
A book that really helped me was Buddhism and the 12 Steps by Kevin Griffin. He talks about his struggle with  god  or higher power as it's known in AA. Depending on the population density in the area at which you attend meetings there could very well be a person in the program who is willing to sponsor you in a non-theistic manner. FWIW I think there's a lot of people who struggle with this too. You might bring it up at meeting level that you're interested in working the steps with a sponsor but that you are atheist or agnostic and would like to work with someone who is aligned with that type of belief. Chances are if you announce this at a few meetings there will be someone to help you or someone who knows someone. 
I am atheist and I still try to work the AA program. I find the absolute surety if belief that many Christian AAs have to be a bit condescending but so what. Science is my higher power and I personally cannot deny that the AA program has stumbled upon some helpful and verifiable steps to keep me sober. When pushed on the higher power thing I always just say I am willing to try to believe in a power greater than myself.
I personally don't work the steps but I dabbled in them long enough to learn that a higher power doesn't have to be anything spiritual. You can pick basically something greater than yourself could be a concept like "community" or "music" or "love" etc. Something bigger (higher) than yourself you can lean on when the going gets tough to remind yourself what you're living for that's more than just yourself and stuff.  ...Hope this helps. Also in Russel Brand's book Recovery he mentions a similar atheist who does the 12 steps. While the 12 steps was created and has a favored bias toward the higher power being spiritual or forced you don't have to have it that way.  ...Hope this helps. IWNDWYT
I'm almost done with it and an excerpt I took a screenshot of says:  This idea of conscious  contact-which is just another way of saying mindfulness-solves a lot of the higher power problem. Indeed for Buddhists trying to reconcile their practice with the Steps the immediacy of mindfulness of contact gives a nonverbal direct experience of something greater than ourselves something that doesn't have to be explained or defined - indeed defies explanation or definition-and allows us to rest in our understanding born of experience of the mystery power and majesty of life and the manifest world. 
