-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ap1sux/phone_reminded_me_that_i_should_have_4_years/

On February 8 2015 I called off work cause I wanted to day drink more. I ended up sneaking in thru my window like a teenage girl so my roommate (who a few weeks before had pleaded with me tears in his eyes to slow down) wouldn't see me. I ended up going in to work on the 9th shaking badly and sweating like it was mid summer. Ultimately I would decide to leave in the middle of the night and live on the streets. I would have another relapse that ended me up in the hospital about 2 weeks later and that would be my first long run of sobriety. But here I am looking forward to day 4. Since that fateful day sneaking in the window I've learned a lot. I've made amends with my old roommate. I'm writing this from my own apartment. That I paid for with the job I've had almost 18 months. Sometimes faster. Sometimes slower. But as long as I dont drink today I have a chance to make tomorrow better. IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

The impact of a long ago set reminder can be huge.  You have my support
You have my support. I will not drink with you today.  
Good on you friend for your return. I certainly think that what you have learned will be put to positive use. To fall is not failure unless you don't get up and try again. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! I will NOT drink with you today! Peace..PS...If you would like to share it might help me &amp; others to know what triggered your slip. Your post has already helped...it strengthens my resolve to stay vigilant. Keep coming back!
Today should've been 66 from my first real time of quitting. Today is day 3 and I feel stronger and have learned from everything that caused me to relapse.  I can't sleep at all but there's not one bit of me that wants a drink. We will get through this!  IWNDWYT. 
G luck
Perspective is everything. 
In May 2017 I found this sub made a user name and posted a heartfelt plea for help. I poured all my liquor down the sink and told my wife I was serious this time. She believed me and even commented that "it seems different this time." I made it about 11 days if I remember right and I was back to getting drunk on the daily. ..It took me almost a year (with a few weeks-long runs at stopping) to stop with sincerity again. Working on 10 months now and things are going great. It would be nice to have 2 years on the horizon but rarely is life that simple and easy. It takes trial and error sometimes repeated efforts to figure it out and find what works. Point being none of your attempts have been in vain and I believe you can and will do it. Strong work for your achievements so far and I'm rooting for you! IWNDWYT.
I thank you for your post...Over the years I've relapsed after getting ten months here eighteen months there another eleven months again...it's crazy...Reading and listening to the stories of my brothers and sisters in recovery is a part of my daily routine now.  It is a constant reminder of how easy it would be for me to "slip" back into the Old Grim Habits...My last relapse was October-November 2018.  I'm finally back to the place where I can happily begin counting months in the plural rather than days. Good people like you sharing helped me get here ..Those early days are the roughest. Just know a lot of us have been there and we're terrified of being there again. It's part of what keeps us sober today...Thank you. I will not drink with you today!..
IWNDWYT
Best of luck!  Sober is real life!..IWNDWYT
Welcome back!  ..I will join you in not drinking today!
We all get that chance to make tomorrow better :D I will not drink with you today!
IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing. I feel sometimes my grasp on sobriety is so tenuous I need to isolate. It sucks and I don't want to do this again. IWNDWYT 
