-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ap5fd5/birthday_celebration_ruined_streak/

7 months out the window.....I went out for my birthday last night and convinced myself I could have a glass or two of whiskey and be fine. After my first some friends bought me shots and I decided not to turn them down. I thought I would be fine. I wasn't. I didn't get blackout I didn't get super crazy but I was drunk enough to make some bad decisions and now have a hangover today. It's eating me up and I'm crying like i never have in my life but I learned my lesson. I can't have one sip of that stuff ever again. I don't have control and I never will. ..I'm literally heartbroken about breaking my streak. I don't want to move I don't even want to go celebrate my birthday with family. I want to lay here and cry it out and forget this ever happened. For those of you who have lost good streaks how did you deal with the pain of relapsing?
----------immediate responses--------

Don't even trip! The fact that you are upset about drinking and how you feel about alcohol today is what's important. 7 months is a huge accomplishment but the fact that you don't want to drink today is an even bigger one. All the best.
Have a good cathartic cry take a warm shower put on some clean comfy clothes and shake it off. Consider it field research. Now that you've done your experiment and came to your conclusion you don't have to try it again. Come back to this post if you feel tempted again. Tbh it's better you feel crappy about drinking rather than "ok nothing bad happened maybe I can do that again". Thanks for reporting your findings for the rest of us :) 
I stumbled a few months in my first attempt. Had the worst hangover of my life in a Nashville hotel room...2 days in bed and missed everything the trip was for. ..You got this. It's part of the process for a lot of people for a lot of people on their journey.  It sounds like you have galvenized your commitment IWNDWYT
Your 7 months still count. If I had a savings account that I put a little bit of money into every day but on ONE day I decide to buy new shoes instead...that doesn't mean I have to throw all the money I saved before that day into the trash and start over. Just keep moving forward. You're doing great!
I messed up last weekend and the day after I was so upset with myself. I posted to the group and was reminded that I even though I had slipped up I hadn't failed. It's a new day and you can choose not to drink today. It's not 7 months out the window it's 7 months minus one day.  IWNDWYT 
Your 7 months are so amazing and I'm so proud of you! Some people can't even do day ONE AND YOU DID 7 with yo bad self! Life is too beautiful to cry. Celebrate your birthday and live in the NOW. That's all we got  
I went through several 'broken streaks.' I don't mean to sound harsh but I'm in a rush so I'll get to the point: the idea that your 7 month sobriety is 'out the window' is 100% untrue. ..If you know how to stay sober for 7 months with all of life's ups and downs and moodswings then my friend congratulations: you already have 95% of the skills you just need to tweak and refine the last 5%. You are in karate terms a brown belt already. You just need to learn a last few skills and sophisticated moves to graduate to black-belt...You know what one of those 'black belt' moves you still need to master is? If you made a mistake and drank you do not lose your mind and start freaking out and 'all is lost' thinking. That's what a yellow-belt does. He panics and freaks out but then also has that horrible thought 'i screwed up so I might as well drink for awhile now and then go back.'..The black belt stays cool realizes that most people will have a few mistakes before it sticks remember what they want and move forward. IF you stop again now this is no bug deal. At all.
It's hard but try to focus on what you can learn from your lapse. What tools  can you add to your toolbox  so that next time  the outcome might be different?!..I would focus on the present  and moving forward with your new plan. You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
Remember even though you lost the "streak" you did NOT lose those seventy days. Seventy days of not poisoning yourself seventy days of no drinks seventy days of clearing that out. You just had over three months of sobriety you slipped and you used the slip as a determination to add more resolve that no matter how much time goes by you cannot sip that stuff ever again. IWNDWYT  ...Also happy birthday! I hope you end up having a good one.
Well done though. Caught it immediately...
When some people slip up it takes them years to find their way back. Clapping back the next day I think reveals that you're ready to let it go. 
Those 7 months are not lost!!!  As others echoed those 7 months took an insane amount of hard work and now you have that experience under your belt.  Heck I've thrown so many 30+ days out the window because of one silly night of drinking. But it makes me stronger the next time.  I know next time those silly nights are not even fucking worth it.  ..Get back on the saddle!  IWNDWYT!
Get back on the wagon!.All is not lost..Iwndwyt
