-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ap9q79/its_been_awhile/

It's been awhile since I have stopped in here and I was inspired today to log back in. I am about a week away from 21 months and there were many many days in the beginning where that would have seemed an impossible dream. My life has changed in beautiful and drastic ways and continues to surprise me. There are still days I struggle (Christmas is hard) but it's nothing like what it used to be and I have collected a whole lot of empirical evidence that my life is better sober so any argument my brain tries is pretty pathetic at this point...For me what worked was education and action. In the beginning I read absolutely everything I could on recovery and sobriety. I spent a ton of time on this forum. I went to a few local Refuge Recovery meetings. Eventually I found an amazing therapist. I went back to school. I asked for help. I put myself first. I tried a million hobbies and a few stuck. I did everything different than I had the 15 years previous. That first year was the most terrifying and rewarding year of my adult life. ..The hardest part was restructuring my social life. I lost some friends. There were some lonely times. But sobriety was already out of my comfort zone so I figured I could challenge my comfort zone a little more. I met people at yoga at meetings at meetup groups and fosterd better relationships with the friends and family who supported and celebrated my recovery. I found a lot of love that had been under my nose the whole time. I am not wanting for friends and in general I feel a hell of a lot less lonely than I ever did when I was drinking...It's really hard don't let anyone invalidate your journey. Healing isn't linear so don't give up if you have set backs. And know you are worth it-- you are worth pursuing every possible solution and support system for this chance to give yourself and the people in your life the most incredible gift. You are worth it. Sobriety is so worth it...Keep fighting the good fight.
----------immediate responses--------

