-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apdes2/1_year_thanks_sd/

I loved to drink. I drank for lots of reasons but mostly I drank to not feel what I was feeling. I drank when I was overwhelmed bored anxious or when my daughter had completely gotten on my wick (which was every night). After she went to bed I could crack open a bottle of bubbly and chill. ..One year ago I woke up feeling awful again. I'd tried to stop countless times and I felt like a failure. My anxiety was killing me  My life was stagnating I was seriously overweight and I had no energy to fix anything.  Finally I decided I was done.  I wrote it again and again in my journal: I'm done. I'm done. I'm done...I came here read some of the books in the sidebar ploughed through the cravings. It wasn't easy - at all. But it's been worth it. Although there's still a lot of work to do my life is SO much better. I've managed to give up caffeine as well and I've improved my diet a lot and am finally starting to lose weight. I've taken on a couple of professional projects and am getting really good feedback (and paid!). I have much more patience and my anxiety is WAY better. My absolutely favourite part of being sober though is going for a swim at night when it's all quiet and the lights are shining on the water. I could never do that when I was drinking - instead I'd be sweating and uncomfortable inside. ..If you're struggling keep at it. I struggled for years but I'm so glad I tried one more time. Lots of people say this but it's true: if I can do it you can too..Thanks so much to all of you for being here. Your stories inspire me and help me warn me of the pitfalls and help me not feel alone. I'm proud of all of you...So cheers (with bubbly water) - I'm off for a swim..Penguin....
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on a year Penguin! Life IS better sober. IWNDWYT  
Congratulations and thank you for your inspiring story. I also had relapses in the past and it's difficult to find the courage to believe that this time it can work. But if you can as you say there's always the possibility that I can too! Good luck on your further path! 
Congrats!!!! 
Nice work on a year!  Enjoy your swim.
Thank you for sharing your story and congratulations on one year!..I'm keeping at it.  Hopefully this one sticks.
Congrats Penguin!
This post is just what I needed to read this morning. Thank you and congratulations on one year alcohol-free!
Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Congratulations sober twin. I hope you had an amazing day!
You too! Well done :)
