-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aph50c/back_to_day_1_feeling_miserable_right_now/

Hi folks I wanted to post here yesterday right after I had my first sip after several months but I wanted to make sure I follow our rule of only posting while sober...I relapsed yesterday after a few months of sobriety. I had been doing so well since well before the holidays. sober christmas sober new years sober weddings - it was all going so well...I don't know what came over me but before I went to go to see some friends (who are aware that I am trying to stay sober so we meet at coffee shops and pastry shops not bars)... I just outright decided that I'm going to have a beer. I knew it would make me feel awful afterwards but I did it anyway...The moment I had the first sip I regretted it. but of course I'm an alcohol so I didn't just walk away. I sat there and drank the beer. I went to meet with people then I stopped for two more beers on the way home...I felt fucking awful sitting at the bar so ashamed and idiotic because I knew I was doing the wrong thing. I wish so badly that I could just somehow erase what I did that I could take back my stupid stupid stupid decision...the past couple of months have been amazing and because I had those drinks yesterday I feel like absolute shit today. I want to cry I want to scream at myself for being a fucking moron...so much hard work and the pride that comes from being sober for a long time all gone for an hour or two of buzz that was completely and utterly miserable. I didn't feel the "warmth" of alcohol that I used to. I didn't feel the lightness and joyfulness of being drunk that I used to feel. I just felt like a fucking loser. like a dumbass moron who has no self control...I'm back to day 1 of being sober now. this morning I went for a meeting in the general vicinity of a bar that's open basically at all times of day and night. in my pathetic state of mind the alcoholic in me was suggesting that perhaps I have a quick drink to tide me over...I didn't. I walked back to my office I sat on my couch and I am writing this post instead. I know I can make it today and I know I can make it long term: every relapse has been smaller and more brief I just need to remind myself that I will NOT be happy short term or long term because of alcohol...thanks for listening to my rant. it feels good to get this out. I feel so much self loathing right now. I don't want to admit it to even myself that I relapsed yesterday. I just want to cry and yell at myself I wish so so much I didn't touch any booze yesterday.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't be so hard on yourself. Stand up brush yourself off and sober on. A slip doesn't negate the period of sobriety you accomplished. We've all been where you are now. IWNDWYT
3 beers now move on.  One day at a time. That was yesterday.  
Staying sober was too hard to attempt without help. Besides I had no clue how to build a sober happy life on my own. I started by getting a therapist who nudged me onto the road to recovery. AA meetings put me in touch with people who understood and many who knew how to help me. ..I hope you find the support you need and deserve. You are a good person with a bad disease. Be mad at alcohol not yourself. 
The months sober are not gone.  They still hold value.  I do know the misery of giving in though.  When I do I think it's because  I keep hoping I can return to my happy go lucky days when drinking was fun.  But those days are gone.  The morning after - full of self-loathing and misery - is proof of that.  Carry on and consider this a blip on the radar.
Sadly the devil inside will always whisper the loudest when you believe it to be gone regret nothing and start a new beginning 
