-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apmb69/i_have_been_sober_for_6_months/

I just celebrated my 6 month soberversary and I still don't think it's sunk in really how far I have came. A lot of days I forget about alcohol ever being in my life entirely but then I do have random flashbacks where I feel a lot of shame and regret about my past drunk actions. ..I'm not going to lie and say life is all marshmallows and unicorn farts right now. I am struggling with deep anxiety issues (which is the main reason why I always drank to excess - it was the only way to quiet my mind but the next day ooooh I'd feel so bad I wanted to be committed to a mental hospital). The anxiety was always there before I drank and it's still here even though I'm sober. I am now taking steps to deal with it (just got put on some medication which will hopefully help). ..I think one of the biggest things that has helped me stay away from alcohol was the realisation that it is harder for me to moderate than it is for me to give up. I could try and moderate sure I could only order 2 glasses of wine but I would then have to force myself like literally sit on my hands for the rest of the evening to not drink anymore. And moderation never works because even though you set yourself rules beforehand by the time it comes to deciding whether you will drink more you are already drunk. So then your decision-making skills have gone awry and the next thing you know you're waking up feeling like you're at deaths door. No that's not for me. ..I have also got so used to feeling 100% in control of my body now that the thought of ingesting a substance which will make my emotions go crazy and do things I regret is a really foreign concept. It scares me almost. I recently had a big argument with the husband and I was feeling so upset that I thought about going to get a bottle of wine. I saw myself walking into the shop and buying it and could taste it even. This made me feel physically sick at the thought. I went and bought chocolate instead. ..I so wish I could do a side-by-side comparison with a photo of me drinking but I deleted my entire Facebook when I stopped drinking (highly recommend!) so I don't have one. I have definitely lost weight though ..I kind of just wanted to post this to let anyone else who's struggling mentally or physically that it's ok. There are so many positives gained in my life from stopping drinking (the big one is the fact that my 1 year old son will never have a memory of me drunk like I have of my mother) but unfortunately I can't say that I'm totally free of anxiety. It's a work in progress. I had anxiety long before I drank so it's only normal that now I've stopped drinking I now need to deal with my mental health ..On reflecting the other night about my 6 month anniversary I remembered that I have a friend who has never drunk in her life and I always used to secretly wonder  how does she cope with the stresses of life without alcohol?  But now I am also that person who copes with the stresses of life without alcohol. And I am proud of that..IWNDWYT   ...PS: Augusten Burroughs book  Dry' has been a solidly entertaining but also thought-provoking read for me. Highly recommend it! 
----------immediate responses--------

"marshmallows and unicorn farts" - ROTFLMAO..Well done!..IWNDWYT
You should be proud...well done. IWNDWYT
I have never related to something more than I do to this. Thank you for posting! Congratulations!   
Congratulations! I always tease that I have a  malfunctioning moderation meter. It just doesn't work. And Dry is a good book! 
Nice job!!  Congrats!!  IWNDWYT 
This is awesome. Congrats. To many more days!
 IWNDWYT 
6 months is my next  goal  I'm on my way. You give me so much hope I am so proud of you!!
