-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apnupd/im_disappearing/

Haven't posted in a while. I was doing okay not consistently sober but I had 18 days dry in January and for a little while was going out sometimes and it wasn't a nightmare. Had some fun met a girl and things like that. I didn't need the drink to do that but what I'm saying is that I did and I didn't feel guilty.  .\*This is also a  regular relapse pattern. Couple days sober and I think You can handle this after all but then I can't...\*  ...The toll is really there. I'm coming up on 30 and have been a heavy drinker for 12 years and this is one of those mornings where it's clicking. I woke up remembering how early last year I was in-between jobs and living on the couch of a mate not paying rent because I was broke and also being a nuisance to the other flatmate and how I would wake up early and go right to the liquor store buy a 12 pack of beer and then walk over to the beach. I'd go out on the rocks and just drink until they were done then go buy more and do it again. Eventually I found a new job and that's how that ended.  .It's a strange story though. When I think about the people I now know the friends I've made in this new place I moved they wouldn't believe that story if I told them; they literally couldn't understand it. They know I drink a lot but they also have no idea. I tipped the hat a little the other day when I picked up a 1700ml of beer and told a friend I drink 5 of these every night of my life. She laughed and said Really and that's when I realized that the amount I drink is cartoonish for most people. How could you drink 5 of those a night? How could anyone? And yet I do...  ...I struggle the most with the idea that alcoholism is permanent within my own self. I can accept not drinking again theoretically anyway but I hate the idea that I myself am permanently marked with a disease. I hate that thought so much. If I don't drink then there's nothing wrong with me--- that's what I want to believe but that's also part of why I relapse.  ...I'm physically frail these days. I am trying to eat I have eggs and bacon in the morning cook chicken at night but my body is evidentially withering and I feel like I'm disappearing. I've no energy and no concentration; I also don't have any feelings that much. I used to really hate myself because of drinking back in September but then I had more than half of October sober and ever since then I haven't had those guilty self-hating feelings return--- and honestly I miss them because now I just ghost through every day. I don't feel anything nothing--- I don't get excited I've lost all sexual interest ideas don't strike me fantasies don't distract me. It's not even like it's all drinking; I've had a few sober days this February at least--- there's just nothing there besides me whose cheeks are sinking in and ribs are drawing out hacking up the same cigarette phlegm every morning phasing through shifts at job and then restoring to apartment at night alone and even then losing interest. I was so bothered by the loneliness just last month but now---  .I just lay around and chain-smoke and then this month drink more than not so far. I'm really smoking way too many cigarettes too even for me. I was always pack a day and then maybe 1 or 2 from a 2nd pack before sleep but nowadays I'm smoking at least 2 packs a day. In the morning before work I have about 10 and then after work it's 30 or even more. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm going to put away the drinking again but I feel like there's something else there too now. I really feel like my body is eating itself and not just health but also my own apathy--- like I'm directing all this sober or drunk; like I want to just collapse and be done.  .It's odd but today I will be sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Quit the goddamn cigarettes man. Get a vape pen and wean yourself off. Alcohol sounds like second priority to that. Then get yourself into rehab or AA and get moving on this thing. Your body will heal itself if you just give it the chance. Your mind is included in the deal. 
Who knows maybe you have some underlying depression or something else going on. It's going to be really damned hard to tell beneath all the alcohol though. And I think it's safe to say there's no way alcohol is making anything better in your life.....Good luck. I hope you can string together more sober days and rediscover your mood set point.
I would hit up a cpl random AA meetings and just sit and listen. You may be surprised how much it can help just hearing other ppl recount the same issues we all have. 
You can think about alcohol in a different way- not as a disease or infirmity that you personally have but as a toxic substance that changes your brain chemistry and structure because it does. Once you reach the point where you are now my friend your brain has fine-tuned itself to deal with all of that alcohol and to keep asking for more. But your brain can heal itself if you stop putting poison in it. Once you aren't drunk all the time you can start dealing with the stuff that is making you feel bad and your life will start changing. Come post here every day and let us know how you are doing. IWNDWYT.
Hey it sounds like you have a lot going on in your head. I can relate a little bit way different life situation but lots of apathy/existentialism in my brain too sometimes. I don't know if this will be helpful at all but I like the saying that " The best way *to find yourself* is to *lose yourself* in the *service* of *others*."  not sure why the italics haha but yea. I don't know often when I'm feeling really down I just say fuck it I may as well try and help someone else and I might reach out to a struggling friend or an elderly neighbor take my dog to the dog park and at least he can be happy when I can't. And yea cigs are so bad haha it's 2019 man and you're young switching to vaping may help the body eating itself feeling :p anyway we are all here to support you &lt;3
18 dry days in January is no small challenge that's a victory. Up until just recently I hadn't gone 18 dry days myself in decades. Once the booze goes it's just you and your thoughts. It takes time to come to terms with loss. Loss of a loved one loss of a relationship and loss of a lifestyle even if the thing you lost wasn't any good for you. I hope you stick it out and push past the dark hole you're in right now. Good luck!
