-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apnx61/2_weeksneed_some_advice/

Two weeks sober!!! I'm doing so good--have seen a counselor have a super strong support network and have another follow-up with my general practitioner tomorrow...My husband however has not made good on his promises that he made in December to work on his anger issues and our marriage issues (including seeking out a therapist--of which I've given him referrals as has his doctor). In fact I think me getting sober has made him less willing to make an effort on this part. He says he "keeps forgetting" to make an appointment...He asks no questions on how I'm doing or where I'm at. I have been pretty quiet about it and don't bring up sobriety at all. I just go about my day and reach out to my support network or counselor if I'm struggling. ..I don't want to nag. But I feel kinda alone and am worried that my sobriety might actually be hurting instead of helping my marriage...Any nuggets of wisdom you have?
----------immediate responses--------

Your husband sounds toxic 
My only advice is to keep evaluating your relationship with your husband. You will see things more clearly now that you're sober and you can use that clarity to make good decisions. This doesn't mean anything inherently "good" or "bad" for your marriage it just means that now you'll be able to think through things much better. I'm sorry that he doesn't seem to be putting forth the effort you are. ..Congrats are in order for finding a counselor and being sober for 2 weeks! 
Marriage is hard. Especially with any amount of addiction. All you can really do is you at this point. Your husband will either see your progress and rise to the occasion or...not. Two weeks is not soooo long(I mean it is long and quite an accomplishment!!! But in the whole life big picture sense!!!) anyway - I also found for me - sharing my drinking struggles was better left for my network that could relate. Although it is nice to be asked and checked on - I needed to do quite a bit of work on myself and wrestle my own resentments and feelings before I could really start asking anyone else to do their work! Good luck! Keep up the good work! 
When I am struggling with others or in the world around me recovery has taught me the limitations of what I can control.  I can only control me and I can not control others so I have to be confident that by being the best version of myself that everything else will fall into place.  You cannot will love or force another person to be better or to care more.  Keep grinding and stay positive!
Wellll... people react against change even a good change like you getting sober. It is easy to be mad at your spouse for their issues but when they start dealing with it your anger is still there and well sounds like you know... I think it is a bit of a lonely time when we first quit alcohol. Nobody really understands it they are either afraid it means they can't/shouldn't drink any more and you'r judging the or they are afraid you are a different person now or something. I remember when I got sober for the first time I was so upset because my husband and I still had the same problems. I remember saying "I'm trying so hard to make things better why is this still happening?" and he said "what made you think it was all *your* fault?" LOL I always thought all of our problems were my fault and it turns out that he has his weird issues too. It might be helpful to go to some kind of recovery group. It may end up being bad for your marriage but if that's the case it might be time to re-examine things.
OP congrats on your 2 weeks despite your challenges!..**Reminder to all who comment on this post:** please keep in mind our rule to speak from the "I" where we speak only from experience and do not tell other sobernauts what they should and should not do...From the sidebar:  The rule to speak from the  I' is not nullified when someone asks for advice. This rule still applies. .
