-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/appemn/dae_feel_like_theyre_faking_it/

Hey y'all. Longtime lurker here...I've been struggling with drinking since I was 17. I'm 25 now and in that time I've run the gamut of terrible consequences as a result of drinking: dropped out of school ruined numerous relationships and friendships lost jobs DWI (among other legal troubles) broke and was admitted to the hospital for detox 2 years ago...Objectively I have a serious problem with addiction and it's ruining my life but I can't get over this sense that it's  not that bad  or that I'm playing it up to bask in self-pity even though I am CLEARLY at a critical point in the downward spiral. Sort of like an imposter syndrome for addiction as if I don't feel  worthy  of the pain I'm in. I don't know if that actually makes any sense but I can't think of a better way to articulate it...Does anyone else feel anything like this? What do you do about it? 
----------immediate responses--------

I've suffered consequences from my drinking but luckily nothing permanent. ..I'm protected by the word *yet.* And anyway you don't need to have been through hell to stop drinking. It's probably better to stop *before* going through hell. 
I had a similar story.  Lots of alcohol related mistakes yet I kept drinking.  Part of me thought I could keep drinking but not do dumb things anymore.  That wasn't the case.  Bad things kept happening.  ..I've finally decided that I can't have any alcohol.  
Neat thought. That does seem to be just another factor in what addiction is/does. One of the "voices" you have to learn to phase out.
Alcohol is a nasty beast. ..My life was completely unmanageable when I finally sought help. I'm successful by most conventional measures in life so my mind fought long and hard with admitting alcohol addiction and that my life was actually crumbling at the foundation. ..Don't belittle your issues or feel bad that you have them. This shit can tear down literally anyone. 
I was wondering if I had a problem at about 3 bottles of wine per week. Yeah I know it seems like not that much right? But it's actually nearly *twice* the amount at which researchers say women would have a problem and an increased risk for cancer. So even though I was not falling down drunk I absolutely was poisoning myself (and let's face it sometimes it was 4 bottles). It was really helpful reading "Alcohol Explained" and "This Naked Mind" (there are free podcasts for Naked Mind too) and that made me realize just how badly I've been poisoning myself. Especially when I added in a few shots of vodka to "top off" the effect. Our addicted brains don't WANT to let us think we have a problem but the safest amount to drink per week is zero so I focused on that goal rather than worrying about any labels I earned or didn't earn.  Maybe a better way to frame this is you are *definitely* worthy of not being in pain and you are worthy of being healthy and whole! Lurking here is awesome and if you're ready to try not drinking we've got your back :-)
I'm a little younger 22 and all the same consequences minus lost job (by some saving grace.)..In a way yeah. I study neuroscience/addiction/psychopharmacology stuff and try to see it objectively. Science and medicine can't identify  alcoholism  or a drinking problem. Risk factors and behaviors can be identified sure. ..But I told myself I can use psychology/science to moderate my drinking. I can just control it. Conditioning sensitization tolerance craving environment amount mindset. I manipulated a lot of variables. ..I wasn't as bad as some people because I didn't drink when I woke up. I only just started drinking before class. I just like getting drunk. Everyone else is still in school maybe I'm lazy? Why can't I manage it?..What I came to realize was that it was a problem when I say it is. I just got my dwi on the 1st. I don't want to be another statistic. With the way things go when I drink I'm lucky I wasn't already. Even with the dwi I thought my life would feel more  over  but nothing is stopping me from drinking now except myself. And it has to be that way. ..I know it can get so much worse I don't want to see it happen in my own life or yours. You can end your consequence list there. I believe in you. 
When I compare my habits to others' I sometimes get a feeling of  was I really all that bad? Do I need to keep doing this? They drink just as much and are doing fine. I just have a moderation problem.  But the fact is MY habits were stunting MY personal growth and health and well-being. Others' habits have no bearing on my life. MY drinking was a problem to ME then I affirm that what I am doing is very real and very necessary to what I intend to accomplish 
Well for myself it depended on the people I was around.  If I was taking the advice of fellow drinkers seriously I felt normal in what I was doing.  It was only until I talked to people who had their lives together that I saw that I wasnt going down the right path..Another thing Ive noticed is that a lot of people think they can handle whatever is going on until its too late.  Even if you arent a full blown alcoholic quitting drinking earlier rather than later might be the better option.
What I've learned from feeling like an impostor more often than not is that I'm only an impostor in my projection of what others must be thinking of me. I start to wildly doubt the things that I love the most when I make the awful mistake of observing myself from someone else's POV and when I disconnect from that and just let myself flow naturally I feel totally authentic because I am totally authentic...To be an impostor depends on there being an outside observer to set a social expectation and to judge the impostor. Remove the observer and there's no more expectation or judgement. Your losses are your own your pain is your own your self-pity is your own and no one else can decide how they affect you. This is also why I don't broadcast anything in my life but only confide in a few trusted people (This sub included).
