-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/appgvl/i_was_10_years_sober_then_i_relapsed_and_drank/

So I'm a 68 year old guy who's spent a good amount of my time drinking so I know what I'm talking about when I say YES it is possible to quit. I know it's real hard; I've certainly let the drink get to me for most of my life but I suppose what I'm trying to say is no matter how long it's been since you were last sober no matter how long you been drinking now it's never too late to change. Just a couple years back I was 28 years into an epic drinking binge and thought I would never be sober again but then I found myself an outlet that not only let me deal with my conflicted emotions but also let me re-enter the workforce helping me replenish my then non-existent self-esteem and even giving me enough money to pay off my bills for rehab and Xanax prescriptions. I'm very proud to say that after nearly 2 years sober I'm now working as a director of my own adult film studio channeling the causes of my addictive tendencies into other more positive mediums! I found my true passion in this life and it motivated me to completely drop the demon drink once and for all! Hope my story serves as an examples drinking SUCKS mkay.
----------immediate responses--------

Man good for you this was super fucking motivating and I appreciate you sharing your story. I will not drink with you today 
Thanks for the post.  IWNDWYT
Love reading positive posts first thing in the morning with a happy ending. Good for you. IWNDWYT  
Well done   I think we all benefit from having reminders that if in the future we've managed to go without for a long time it doesn't mean that alcohol will be any different. It will affect us the same way it has and it has the potential to mess things up again. My father also went 25 years sober after some turbulent years in his late 20s. He started to drink in moderation some years back wine with dinner etc. That lasted for a while he's now drinking too often and too much. Last year he broke his foot being drunk and was on sick leave for months because of that. He drank the whole time and didn't feel motivated to work after the foot had healed. He drinks alone in his home I'm worried he's also in his 60s. As our drinking becomes frequent enough it disrupts everything else. Alcohol made me feel like a slave in the last months of my drinking. Doing it even if I did not want it anymore constant neglect of everything else my life started to look like crap. So happy I quit life is so much better being sober...IWNDWYT
Good job old boy!.Iwndwyt. 
That's so inspiring man! Thank you for sharing! You may have my dream job sir! IWNDWYT
Inspiring
Just a day or so ago I was encouraging someone who slipped up on day 5 I think but came right back here the following day to recommit to their sober journey. The very next day. I told that person that some people slip up and takes them years to find their way back. This story is a great example of that.
Bullshit karma grab troll
