-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/apyvyo/welp_after_a_few_years_of_sobriety_i_gave_in_and/

My life is undoubtedly a mess right now. I relapsed September 29 2018 and have since managed to completely decimate all good things in my life. I'm a senior in college and am failing all of my classes I believe I've lost my internship with my dream company my car is dead (RIP) I'm facing legal and financial troubles and my relationships with my partner and my family are in ruins. All it took was 4   months for me to go from having it all to losing everything. I think it hurts a bit more too knowing that I worked so hard after initially getting sober to earn all of those things and it feels as if it was for nothing. I don't feel like myself anymore at all. I feel lost empty mean selfish etc. To put it simply I feel like a stranger to myself...I'm 24. I first got sober at 19 and while I did a fantastic job through my recovery I don't think I fully understood the implications this habit will have on my life. I'm finally seeing what my life will look like if I continue to pick up the bottle. When I was younger I knew it was definitely an issue but I was naive and didn't fully appreciate the dangers to my health or how I would be unable to support myself.I'm not a functional alcoholic and will certainly end up in jail or dead and I am really SEEING this for the first time. It's painful to admit but it's the reality of the situation one that I never saw until this relapse. I feel stuck hopeless and weak. All I know right now is I need to make it through the withdrawals and what not these first few days and I'll be much more clear minded and capable of tackling this monster. ..To bring some positivity to what feels like nothing but doom and gloom right now here are some things I'm excited to have back and few "next steps" once I'm physically feeling better:..&amp;#x200B;..I'm excited to:..1. Not waste ridiculous amounts of money. .2. Try to save my relationship with my partner..3. Wake up feeling well-rested refreshed and NOT A DROP OF ANXIETY (Hell do I miss that)..4. Have nice peaceful movie nights with my sister and friends..5. Keep my living space clean and well taken care of..6. Keep MYSELF clean and well taken care of. =).7. Not have to think about how much worry and concern I'm causing my loved ones..8. Love and be proud of who I am again...&amp;#x200B;.. "Next steps:"..1. Get better physically. I feel worn out and I've been battling a hell of a cold this week so I may need to visit a doctor..2. Connect with my professors to see if I can manage to passing this semester (I think I still can)..3. Build a stronger support system by frequenting this site reading literature keeping open communication with my family my old sponsor and good friends. I would also like to explore therapy in the area..4. Do a purge of old party buddies from phone/social media (huge triggers)..5. Get working on sorting out my legal issue..6. Possibly try to get my job back. I'm still going to think about this one and see if it might be best to just take the time off and focus on school/myself. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Now you know. You've had great success and can have it again. Youth is your best asset right now grab the reigns and get back on
Welcome back!  IWNDWYT. 
It looks like you have a game plan which is great.  Try not to get too down on yourself.  Things will get better over time.  Even if you can't accomplish some of the goals you laid out there will be other opportunities.  Hang in there.  Focus on getting through the withdrawal period.  See a doctor if you need to they have the meds to help with the withdrawal symptoms.  One day at a time friend.  IWNDWYT
Hey hi! I was welcomed back after destroying 7 yrs sobriety - we can definitely do this and our stories are so so important to help each other. So glad you made it back and your plan looks ace. All the best mate! 
The first step to the solution is to admit you have a problem. The second is to ask for help. Are you getting help? You do not need to do this alone my friend. ..And keep this feeling in mind permanently. Because after a while sober your mind will start playing tricks with you; trying to convince you that "It wasn't that bad. You are just exaggerating." At least that is the case with me. My first year of Sobriety was hard. Then I was sober for a while and things started getting better. Now this year six has been hard once again...But for whatever it is worth; welcome back my friend. Your life WILL get better. IWNDWYT. 
At least the relapse served to make you aware of your toxic relationship with alcohol. Hell if I got sober at 19 I would def wonder by 24 if I was even really an alcoholic. I'm also not a functioning alcoholic and would drink myself to death or jail. It's so awesome that you are picking yourself back up. 
I believe in you! Welcome back!
Aw man I'm sorry you're going through a rough time but wow what a strong and positive post. I love that you plan to work with your professors and feel positive about this semester. You seem like you have a really great mindset right now truly an inspiration &lt;3 we are all here to help support you!
Ohhhhh this was good and so needed. I believe in you! Gosh your young I felt old reading this! Either way we are all in this together. Stay positive and live in the NOW! 
What I would give to be in your shoes! You are wise beyond your years! So maybe you messed up but you are so young and have already figured out your worst enemy in life. That is amazing! Take it from someone double your age and still dealing with alcohol. You have been given an amazing gift of insight and maturity! Take it use it and .Enjoy your life without the struggle of alcohol addiction. Proud of you!
What I'm seeing in your post and in many other posts is the focus on the downside of drinking and basically forcing to not drink. This is all good and reasonable but for me it was also important to understand WHY I was drinking...Do you know why you have picked up the bottle again? Any specific trigger? Certain feeling? Boredom? Anxiety?..Being 4 years sober is awesome! 
I'm excited for you! Sounds like you are motivated to get this train back on track. Everyone loves a good comeback story! Yours starts now! IWNDWYT
Always the Sinclair method if you want to talk to your doctor about that
Welcome back. You say you feel like you're a stranger unto yourself but it sounds like some part of you knew that that the last four and a half months were actually you living a stranger life. So your better angels prevailed but sometimes when ya person returns home it takes a while to be comfortable again in the place they belong. Call it road weariness...I can relate to all of that because my counter has been reset a couple of times after years of sobriety. This last time something different clicked and I just became at utter peace with who I am and grateful for ALL the experiences that got me here. There are so many hurting people in this world and sometimes only people that have really been through some shit can reach others in the midst of theirs. I have no doubt your experience will help others. ..Welcome home friend.
I feel you! I'm 25 got sober over two years ago which allowed me to finish my undergrad and eventually get into grad school (which I'm in now!) but relapsed a bit over a year ago and kept drinking all throughout my first semester of grad school which fucked things up considerably also got myself in a lot of debt from the drinking. Now in my second semester and doing a lot better but still repairing the damages (e.g. still working on final papers that were due two months ago). All your "looking forward"-to's are super relatable and things I am doing now that I'm sober again (especially 5. and 6. lol). We can do this! :)
Welcome back! I went back out after almost six years of sobriety. I can 100% say that I was able to build a stronger sobriety this time.  I think the first time I wasn't even really aware that I had so many doubts about whether or not I *really* needed to be sober until well I wasn't. It's actually been really freeing this time to know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this is how I need to live. I hope the future brings you similar clarity and relief! IWNDWYT!
Welcome back!.Try to just get through the day thats a heady list and a lot of responsibility for the first day...
