-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aq26m2/does_having_the_same_sexual_orientation_for_a/

I have been attending meetings daily and have met several very welcoming guys that I have seen at the same meetings I attend. One of them is very knowledgeable of the steps he had 6 years of sobriety working the program but relapsed briefly in October. Today he offered to be my sponsor he said no pressure think about it and to keep coming back. I thanked him and told him I would definitely consider it. I have heard to choose someone with years of sobriety and someone that you can connect with. I like this guy he seems very genuine and dedicated to the program and I am comfortable talking to him which can be difficult for me as I deal with social anxiety. I know I need to get a sponsor soon but the fact that he is gay and I am straight and that he relapsed within the past year are two concerns of mine. I'm worried some of my past and some of my issues we won't relate on. Is this difference a thing to worry about in choosing a sponsor? Or is it a minuscule difference in the program of recovery? I appreciate any input from other members! Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

No...
I've never used a sponsor but I don't think it would make any difference to me who it was so long as I felt I was getting the support I needed...Man or woman straight or gay black or white liberal or conservative etc.  You get the picture.  Help is help.  I guess you could always change sponsors if a problem came up.
I can only share my experience. I've had 4 sponsors and I've finally settled with one that I really click with and am willing to do the work with. It has been a HIGHLY personally intimate relationship as when going through the 4th step I've shared things I'd never tell anyone including my former spouse. My experience is that I had to work through sponsors that weren't for me.  Knowing what I know now I'd never choose a sponsor with under a year of sobriety as this person you've described (relapse twice in the past year means he's got less than a year sobriety) even to cut my teeth on so to speak because I've been there done that. My first sponsor was a guy that had 11 months and was really really eager to get into sponsorship as if it were a promotion within the ranks of AA. The guy and I were drinking together within 3 months.  The sponsor I have now informed me that it's rare that people really understand sobriety before they've had 2-3 years of their own to base your 12 step work on. Furthermore my sponsor told me that anyone willing to sponsor another alcoholic before they've fully cleaned their side of the street is likely a bit rash and irresponsible and unlikely to be able to give you the support you need in sponsorship. In other words someone looking to sponsor you without some good time in sobriety might have an agenda. Self promotion ego whatever. ..Of course these are generalities the words of one alcoholic and do not at all apply to every situation. ..I don't feel like sexual orientation would steer me away from a potential sponsor.  ..Your mileage will most certainly vary and you should talk to other alcoholics in recovery and get several opinions on this before making a choice that works for you. ..I don't regret anything I've done in the pursuit of my sobriety... including sponsor hopping because it all led me to where I am now. A year sober this past February 2nd.  .Best of luck.  
Hey friend thanks for posting. You might try the folks over at the [AA subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/) they might have more specific experience in this area. 
Personally I wouldn't want to work with someone who relapsed in October even briefly. When I started AA I wanted to find someone who could help me with the steps who had solid long-term sobriety and was happy to boot. 
