-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqe0xw/my_first_full_day_of_sobriety/

I don't have much to say right now. I've done myself in pretty good and I'm tired of doing so. I have a beautiful wife a supportive family a great dog and I've still got some opportunities to be successful in life so I'm fortunate. I'm also thirty-one and with the help of alcohol I just quit/lost my job at my uncle's great business and I've hurt so many people in my life who I love so much especially my wife. I've betrayed everybody's trust and I have yet to achieve a singular accomplishment of any note. I'm defeated. Alcohol is not my only issue but it is at the very least the lubricant that allows me to behave so horribly. My health is terrible for being so young. My outlook on life is terrible. I'm always angry and I'm irrational and unpredictable.  I want it to stop. I can't lose my wife. We've been together since high school and I don't deserve her but someday I'd like to feel as though I do. ..Today I did not drink. That is all that I can do right now and tomorrow I will try to do the same. My goal is to visit an AA meeting tomorrow and I will report back to this sub if I do. Just a heads up I might make daily posts about progress or struggles. I feel as though it might be a sort of accountability for me. Thanks in advance for your understanding. 
----------immediate responses--------

Do it. Continue being sober you will love how cleaner life will get.
Good decision.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
Congrats! You can do it! Be wary of withdrawals with cutting cold turkey depending how much it was you were consuming. I almost ended up in the ER on night 2- day 3. Go to your doctor and be honest with them if you want to be sure! 
Welcome friend! Many of us reached the same kind of tired-of-the-merry-go-round decision point. It's hard to get off that ride even when it's giving you spins and nausea. Because of the nature of addiction it's hard to resist climbing back on for another ride. With support and intention each day you can walk another step away from that carousel. ..The good news is you'll find so many folks walking the same direction understanding where you were and keeping step with you in solidarity.  This place has over 100000 such souls and I know they also wish for you strength to make it through your struggles. ..Post away friend.
Shot I wish I had even begun to figure this out at 31. I'm 44 and just got to the point that I knew this drunken path was leading me to a dark place I didn't want to be in. ..Stay tough. These first few days can have some heavy sick. But they pass quickly enough. ..You can do this..I wish you strong resolve. You are making a good decision. Trust yourself and stay committed. 
I Will Not Drink With You Today 
Ditch the poison!.Iwndwyt
Lower your cancer risk is a great benefit as well
One day at a time it gets better. I will not drink with you today.
Win the day!
One day at a time. I will not drink with you today! 
Welcome to SD. We will be here. ..Keep posting. ..IWNDWYT.
hope you had a really good first day
 Today I did not drink. ..That is all any of us can do my friend. Hang in there. Try to attend an AA meeting if it helps. Or try posting here as often as you need to. But keep at it. ..The first two weeks are usually tough as nails but It gets better. IWNDWYT. Wishing you the strength you need to get through this - one day at a time. 
We can't change the past. The future is uncertain. All we have is today right now. And right now I will not drink. That's all I can offer. 
Looking forward to reading your updates
You  can do it! IWNDWYT!..&amp;#x200B;
IWNDWYT
