-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqfddt/tomorrow_marks_one_year_of_no_drinking_its_been/

One year ago tonight I downed my last can of cheap beer. This is my first post on this sub. I found this sub a few weeks before I stopped drinking but didn't pay it much mind. I lurked on this sub pretty frequently for about a month after I quit It helped to read others stories and know I'm not the only one going through this. I wasn't much of a writer back then...I'd been an alcoholic for about ten years before last Valentines day (total coincidence quitting had nothing to do with the holiday). Cheap beer was my poison of choice at the time I was drinking somewhere between six and twelve every day more on the weekends. My alcoholism earned me an OWI and two public intox attests several injuries depression that I hid from everyone frequent suicidal thoughts and a reputation as a drunk idiot. And somehow I considered myself to not have a problem and that I was a "highly functioning alcoholic"..On the hung over morning of February 14 last year I told myself "I will not buy more beer after work today." and somehow I managed not to. I was not expecting to experience the earth shattering epiphany that I had a huge drinking problem and my life would be a hell of a lot better off if I stopped entirely (I'd tried cutting back countless times). By the end of day two it was the longest I'd stayed sober in the past three years (I tried to go a week without once didn't quite make it) by the end of day six it was the longest I'd gone without since I had my very first drink when I was seventeen...It was kind of awkward for the first few months drinking had become one of the main elements of my identity. I was motivated by all of the awesome new time and energy I had to pursue new hobbies. I started keeping a journal which helped a lot and still does in so many ways that I'd never imagined when I started out. I rode my bicycle so much that all of my friends and family think I'm insane (I fucking love riding). I started using the money that I wasn't wasting on four cases of beer a week to invest in equipment for my own welding shop and start the business that I'd dreamed of for years (as of a couple weeks ago It's finally starting to actually take off!). Perhaps best of all I started building enough respect for myself that I was able to treat those around me with the respect that they deserve...In conclusion stopping drinking was the best decision of my life. For some crazy reason it wasn't really much of a struggle for me as much as it is for most and I feel grateful for that. I feel better about my life than I ever have before and it feels like my dreams are achievable and the sky is the limit. Thank you all for your stories and inspiration. I'm not going to look at this post until Friday as I am putting my phone away for the day in observance of this personal holiday and plan to spend the day riding my bike painting writing and reflecting...I will not drink with you today!!!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Hellll yea!! I fucking love riding too!! Congrats super awesome I'm proud of you iwdwyt!
Keep fighting the good fight!
I'm excited for you! I'm almost to 7 months and it's been great. Keep enjoying sober life. I will too. 
Seriously congratulations you've worked hard stated the course and beat it!..Not an easy accomplishment but a very noteworthy one. 
Awesome  
I LOVE THIS POST
You're an inspiration! Happy V-day and happy one year anniversary!! Thanks for sharing this. 
Well done!! Congrats! 
Thats awesome! Congrats! Iwndwyt!
Dude. This is amazing! You give me hope for my future sobriety. IWNDWYT 
A brilliant post and a fantastic achievement.   Well done and good luck with your business.
Thank you. I needed to read this tonight. 
Congratulations!.Great job..I will not drink with you today 
The truth will set you free. Well done &amp; congratulations my friend.  
Congratulations on a year the best thing is the second year of sobriety is even better 
Congrats!!! That is so inspiring! You should be really proud!
Awesome to hear...keep it up and keep us posted...You never know who you are inspiring....
This is great! Congrats! Every day is a blessing man. They all add up to great things. We all have our own personal greatness inside of us. Alcohol just blinds some of us to that fact. Thank you for sharing your amazing story. Keep up the good fight. IWNDWYT
Congrats...IWNDWYT!!!
Nice!  IWNDWYT. Proud of you and look up to you. 
This is awesome. One of the key things I find is that the people who are successful are able to navigate that initial feeling of awkwardness step out of their comfort zone and funnel that newfound energy into something productive rather than tempting fate with one more drink. ..Your story is a testament to how it's done. Congrats. 
 congrats! That sounds like an awesome day!   I'm proud of you! 
Thank you great read!
Congratulations!  So very proud of you! IWNDWYT 
Awesome job man! Keep it up!
Such strength! Congratulations! IWNDWYT.
Congrats!! 
Congrats and continued success to you
Yaaaa.  Congrats! Enjoy your day take care!!..&amp;#x200B;
What an amazing tale of sobriety! Well done you!
I am so happy for you! Congratulations on a year! IWNDWYT 
Happy Valentine's Day to you! Stay the course!
Thanks for sharing a huge success story!  Keep on keeping on!  IWNDWYT
Congrats and thanks for sharing!
This is so inspiring. Congrats and I hope you enjoy your holiday!!!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
That is awesome!! Congratulations to you. I too am amazed at the TIME we get back when we're not drinking the kool-aid. Good God. It's like where did all this time come from?! And the money too. I could easily blow $20-$50 on wine but on groceries? Or \*gasp\* clothes for the kids? Pffhh! Go rummage in your sister's closet for some polo shirts for school. I will not drink with you today!! 
Congratulations!  So happy for you!  IWNDWYT
Although I am no where near a year. Your story is identical to mine. At leaat when I was drinking. Congrats. iwndwyt
YEAHHHH!!!
Awesome!
This is great. Thanks for sharing. It cheered me up.
Fantastic! Congrats! 
Oh wow! I wasn't expecting so many awesome responses to this! My most upvoted reddit thing is one to be proud of at least :) thanks everyone for your kind words. You are all awesome!
Brilliant work and well done. I'm going for 300 days sober in about one week's time. Cheers 
