-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqnoon/meeting_my_sober_self/

It has been a fighting battle each weekend or weeknight to pickup beers on my way home or go to the bar and have a few drinks. I have been sober for a little over 60 days since my last blackout night at a Christmas Dinner. I promised my wife to not pick up a bottle but there are always the temptations and luring finger egging me on to have a sip. ..Over the course of these past 3 months I have definitely struggled however through this I'm having more issues finding out who I am as a sober person. It's been over 7 years of drinking every any moment that presented itself and I am now rediscovering who I am without the alcohol. Is this how I would feel if I never picked up a bottle. Dealing with problems is even harder. Facing problems face to face is whole new beast and it hurts it hurts a lot to look at reality dead in the eye and not run to the home I've known for the past 7 years (drinking). I come from a family of alcohol abusers and being Native American it's hard to say I'm not a statistic of the evergrowing trend of alcoholism. ..I find the extra time on my hands and sit there wondering most of the time what could I be doing. I won't let boredom get the better of me and kick me back to where I started. I remember the fight nights with my wife and the danger I was when I would have too many. I will be following this sub with the hopes and inspiration to follow the leaders of sobriety. ..Also I picked up my highschool hobbies again like running and reading in hopes this will become my new time spent. Thanks for reading just thought I'd throw this out there. ..Maybe you can give me a boost in letting me know what you do when you are bored and want to have a drink? Or what you did when you had face the new you and didn't have any other option but deal with the reality of your new self?..Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi ya Brokebroker - I've been where you are and picked up drinking again...  It was going smoothly just a glass of wine or 2 or 3...  Then a bottle then a litre then 2 litres next thing I knew  it was a 4 litre box over 2-3 days...  Don't let this be you...  I'm tapering off right now cuz I'm afraid to die but Saturday looks like I'll be free (if I'm not a pig about it).  My husband stands behind me and hates when I drink...  He's threatened to end the relationship if I don't stop...   I hid it...  I hated myself...  Yeesh....  I'm not being helpful at all but really bro know you're not alone and you are kickin' some fuckin' arse!!
With not drinking you do have a lot more time on your hands. Besides working out &amp; reading watching series on Netflix has helped keep me occupied. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
This is a really interesting question. I also come from a long line of alcohol abusers so well done us for breaking the pattern. I think I have needed to identify where the boredom comes from. I have two sides one where I need to go do something even just a single push up and another side where my boredom comes from trying to avoid feeling or thinking something. The first kind of boredom for me is fine- I can then run or meditate or draw or cook most of the time I need to just make something - be creative- in some tiny way. .The second mode- the restlessness of discomfort is much harder. That's when I need to stop and work out what I am avoiding. That is also the state when I am most likely to not do good things- to sleep too much too comfort eat binge TV etc..What I do now which sounds stupid and self indulgent is to love the shit out of myself when I am struggling. That's when I need it and to tell myself I love myself and i am proud of myself gets me through the discomfort of being me and facing whatever pain it is. The pain always passes..Congratulations on your sobriety it is a big achievement and you should be so proud:-)
My life is significantly fuller since I have stopped drinking. I attend a meeting every day I have sponsee's I work with I go to the gym regularly learning Spanish using apps and a local class study....Hola!..Learning to play the guitar longer visits with my parents better talks and conversations.  Doing a little extra at work and it is being noticed. My hygeine has improved overall household chores are done without aggravation and it feels good keeping it clean. ..Everything is changing in my life anxiety is a ghost of what it once was. ..It is hard to even recognize that what I just wrote is an actual description of my life now. I left out my morning routine I pray the serenity prayer 3rd step prayer no social media or emails until I do a 15 minute meditation with an app. Then I reflect and pray for all those in my life now...&amp;#x200B;..Wow who is this guy! LOL much love to you all IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;
Congrats on your time sober. Getting a hobby is a good idea and your reading and running are both good for you. ..I'd like to point out something else you said "Facing problems face to face is whole new beast and it hurts it hurts a lot to look at reality dead in the eye and not run to the home I've known for the past 7 years (drinking)." ..That statement tells me you are doing the right things. Most people (myself included) drink like we did to not face reality. Not drinking is only a part of getting sober. Learning to face reality and deal with problems instead of hiding them in a blackout - that's a HUGE part of sobriety...I'm proud of you man. Great post and great insight. Keep it up. ..IWNDWYT
So wonderful!!  Thanks for sharing.   IWNDWYT 
Whenever I'm struggling I ask myself to think of three things that I'm grateful for. I think the dissatisfaction wer'e prone to feel stems from not spending enough time going inside ourselves. I think Self Discovery is the key. I will not be drinking with you today  
IWNDWYT
