-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aqnqs7/wow_scratched_up_relapse_queen/

Jeeeeeeeezzze!  I don't even know what to say. I'm a drunk. I feel like I need to hear stories from other people who have been here. Usually I try my best to stay positive and pick myself up but dang today is especially depressing.  If not for my drinking I would be married baby house happy. Instead I've chosen depression darkness loneliness... I'm successful ish good looking ish what is my fucking problem.  So hard to remember. I don't drink every day or even once a week but when I do it's so bad I puke and say terrible things lose everything... smoke crack in allies with people who rob me and beat me up. No one would guess it.  I need help and need to know I'm not the only one. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone. I don't drink every day either. However when I do drink BOOM. I run into a brick wall at 100 miles an hour...I went on a terrible bender from Sunday noon to Monday evening. I'm paying for it now but the beauty of it is those who I am closest to that saw me that way have forgiven me and know I can be better.. because I have been before and they've witnessed that. I'm not gonna let them down and most importantly I am not going to let myself down. :) ..IWNDWYT!! 
I have not gone down the crack in an alley biz but I had a coke addiction for many years and have been almost 3 yrs clean...  I do however drink every single day give or take a few here or there...  I have like you said things that I wish I hadn't or maybe more to the point wish I had said sober.  This is a hard road to travel and I wish you all the bravery in the world...  I hope you're path will be a bit less bumpy because I hope mine will be when my box yes box of wine runs dry....  
You are not alone my friend. Keep trying. Professional help was the key for me. 
Would it be alright to recommend a book that helped me understand addiction?
You can do this!! Don't drink and keep checking in with us!! I promise you will be glad your sober. I will not drink with you today  
I have been sober before for close to a year and other times for varying lengths. This final time and I do mean final time I am at 33 days.  I really really wanted it this time.  The only other option was death.  I remember crying in my car 33 days ago with a bottle of booze beside me a block away from home talking to myself for help.  ..I went to an AA meeting the next day started reading and posting here.  I feel amazing mentally and so positive.  I feel blessed.  33 days is not a long time but I feel night and day different.  If I can do it you can too.  I won't drink with you today and let's not smoke crack and get beaten up for an added bonus because it's valentines day and all that.  
