-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ar5anu/naltrexone_in_the_us_minnesota_and_treatment/

I am seeking advice for my sister (22f) who just relapsed after a week of in-patient care. We're Native American and alcoholism is ubiquitous in our family and social circle. I mention this because my family continues to steer my sister away from trying unfamiliar treatments and instead toughing it out...She does have a primary care doctor and a psychiatrist from the in-patient place who she is (thankfully?) accepting treatment from. They prescribed an anti-depressant. I tried to do some research and convinced her to at least ask about Naltrexone..* Primary care doctor stated it's only used for opiates and would not prescribe. This was unexpected....* Psychiatrist stated he has not seen success in the past and would not prescribe (was not familiar with The Sinclair Method)..They're talking about 30 more days of in-patient care. I'm all for this if that's what the docs say but is there anyone out there in MN that can recommend a solid Addiction Specialist for a second opinion?..tldr; Has anyone in Minnesota been able to get a prescription for Naltrexone and where? Or recommend an Addiction Specialist?
----------immediate responses--------

Not in Minnesota but any doctor can proscribe Naltrexone. I've been on it for four weeks now and its been fantastic. Zero cravings no side effects that I can tell. Completely takes away the desire to drink...Getting down to the root cause of what's causing the drinking is the bigger problem though. Once you stop taking the medication it'll just come back if not. 
[removed]
NYS here I've been on naltrexone for two weeks. Definitely takes the edge off of cravings giving me some space to work on the personal issues at the base of my addiction. It's especially effective w Wellbutrin not just for alcoholism but obesity as well.
Not in MN myself but you might check out the [C Three Foundation](https://cthreefoundation.org/).  They show 3 providers in the Minneapolis/St. Paul area.
Hi. I stumbled upon the movie *One Little Pill* and have been researching opiod blockers ever since. I began taking Naltrexone last week and i have to report that it's definitely disrupted my alcoholic tendencies. I was able to get an online consultation with a doctor who prescribed 30 Naltrexone 50mg pills. The only problem with this method is that it's a little sketchy if you're in a precarious position with alcohol - as it requires a person the drink. ..&amp;#x200B;..Let me know if you need any information...Good luck!
Hi! Sorry you're getting a ton of people outside MN commenting and I'm just adding to the pile. I'm in another midwestern state tho and had to go through a few different doctors before someone would give me a prescription. It sucks and it's anxiety inducing but the one psychiatrist who eventually prescribed it to me was very chill and trusted my reasoning. If she's up to the task it's worth a shot calling around to see if it's even an option at different primary care or psychiatric places. 
