-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ar9kja/opened_up_to_some_friends_about_my_alcohol/

I work with some pretty rad ladies and we went to lunch on Friday (4 of us) to chat and catch up. 1 of them is my "work wife" a friend whom I'm close with and drank with in the past. She was one of the first people I told I quit drinking and she's been supportive of me and been quite cool about finding non-drinking stuff to do together because she wants to drink less too. I think it blows her mind that I don't drink though cause sometimes she'll bring it up to others but then she kind of defends her own binge drinking habits in the same breath. I think it's her way of getting a conversation started about alcohol and getting our peers to admit how much they are drinking. But it's not like I made a grand pronouncement to everyone. So work-wife does her thing and works in "well Cruzin doesn't drink anymore how long has it been now?" "Mmm about 7 months". The other 2 gals were SHOCKED. I had quite the reputation as a sophisticated beer nerd and actually did a fair amount of business in the local beer industry...One of them R asked why. I shrugged and gave my standard answer of "it was getting out of control/only bringing me negatives". Usually people stop there but R has a knack for getting bluntly and straight to the issue. She asked if she could ask some more questions. I was a little surprised she was interested but I said sure. ..She asked me more about why I quit and if it was 'really bad or something'. I elaborated that my dad's an alcoholic and I was starting to see myself go down that path. I admitted to them that I was drinking at least 2-3 craft beers (and pointed out 1 craft beer is more like 2 drinks) a day but usually more. That once I started I had a hard time stopping and got understanding nods back. Work wife said this is her problem but in binge format instead of daily. R kind of said something similar. R+S said they would have never guessed I had a problem that they thought I had so much self control because I am a slow drinker and get teased for it so they would finish 4 (cheap low alcohol) beers in 2 hours and I'd still be nursing my first. I explained that I probably would have left and continued to steadily drink all day after and that the secretive drinking was part of how I knew I had a problem (although apparently I hid it very well). ..I told them about This Naked Mind. We talked about alcohol and hangovers and society in general. I told them about the relaxing with alcohol at a party versus just waiting until everyone gets comfortable and how it creates this false sense that the alcohol is responsible and it creates a feedback loop or a self fulfilling prophecy. That there are tons of examples of how alcohol totally warps our perception of reality. They were mind blown. R said we should throw an alcohol free party to test it out. I pointed out that us ourselves were a little bit awkward when we first sat down for lunch but now we were fine no alcohol involved (I had ordered a beer when we had lunch at this restaurant last year lol). I could tell it was a HUGE lightbulb moment for them. I recommended that they read *This Naked Mind* and they all seemed interested R declared she had tons of audible credits and I know she's a big audio book listener lol. I told them that making the decision to quit drinking was the hardest part and following thru has been just  that...I'm a very private person so it was weird and uncomfortable to really honestly tell my peers women who I respect and have known me a couple years about my struggle. No one has really asked point blank like that. But I was really encouraged by the response. And then we moved on to talking about other things...So as I told my friends I would I'm going to be productive with my Saturday morning (instead of nursing a hangover and planning when to drink next). It's 7am and I'm up and have done my internet dicking-around. :) I'm pleased this is my life now.
----------immediate responses--------

This is great to hear and greatly explained. I have to check out this book now too. Sounds great. Godspeed buddy. Looks like you're kicking ass. 
You have some awesome friends! Congrats on your 7 months. I won't drink with y'all today!
Kudos for 7 months!
Congrats and great share. Ty
That's awesome. Sometimes people can be surprising in a good way. I've found the same with a couple of my friends when I decided to quit too. 
&gt;I'm pleased this is my life now..resonates
Awesome job on 7 months. Way to go and thanks for posting! IWNDWYT 
Great job...I will not drink with you today 
Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT. 
Nice.  I this is why This Naked Mind works for me.  I was headed in the  full blown  alcoholic direction.  I would have at least two martinis five out of seven nights.  I would add a glass of wine or two to the mix.  Sunday's it would be two and two.  Even though I could get up be productive and sweat through a workout I knew it was going to hurt my health.  I also built up depression and anxiety that made my life miserable.  I stopped drinking.  I now feel nauseous just thinking about taking that first drink.  Life is so much better on the sober side.
[removed]
So glad this went well for you! I know those questions can feel awkward at times. It's interesting how if you quit another unhealthy habit like smoking people rejoice for you but if you say you quit drinking they ask all of those prying questions.
That is really awesome! I'm so glad that you were able to face the discomfort and be honest with people that you respect and care about and that you received open-minded supportive responses in return. It sounds like you have some really good friends in your corner. c: IWNDWYT.
Good post
What a great conversation.Well done.I will not drink with you today  
I will never stop singing the praises of *This Naked Mind*. I've only told one friend that I've quit. She didn't have a problem with alcohol but her husband sure did as well as her kids - especially her daughter who received a  super drunk  DUI at age 21. If I may go on about this family...the husband would go into the car *every night* sit in his running car (!) smoke and drink for hours on end. How he wasn't dead already of carbon monoxide poisoning is beyond me. Anyway I told her about the book with the intent she give it to her husband. She read it first then told her kids about it. The 3 of them have given up drinking as a consequence. Her husband? Well he knows about it started reading it and has even told his myriad of physicians about it. Last I heard he hadn't stopped drinking completely but he's headed in that direction. ..This book has saved so many lives. And with that in mind IWNDWYT or any other day. Congratulations Cruzin on your success!.
Great book
Proud of you.  It's easy to feel defensive when put on the spot like that but being totally honest about why you quit is amazing.  When we're able to do this people listen.  And you never know if you might make a difference in someone's life.  Congratulations on your anniversary-sober on!!!
Beautifully explained. 
IWNDWYT
Can relate a fair bit to you and your journey some awesome person pointed me to that book the first day I posted to this sub and its was very helpful.  I quit cold turkey and I am not attending AA.  I have a business coach I see but we only talk about why I used to drink not much that I find useful.  I think like that book says that I have made up my complete mind to not drink.  Getting smashed is no good for me so no point trying to moderate or whatever.  Anyway I am enjoying not drinking and its feeling more natural every day.  Good luck friend and a big thanks to this sub as well.  Great to express your thoughts and feelings with ppl who know the darkness of drinking.
You are a true 'Sober Warrior!' Not only fighting in your own life but not afraid to tell your truths to open ears. Good for you! If you ever have that sober party you and all your friends may feel awkward at first but what an experience it would be for everyone to be truly authentic and not veiled with booze. Maybe a book discussion for TNM! Cool friends. Cool you. Happy to be sober with you today. Peace.
Oh wow that's amazing! I just bought the audiobook of this Naked Mind after listening a small part. Thanks for that:)
This book helped me move out of denial. So grateful to have read it. Thanks for sharing your story!
IWNDWYT
This is lovely. Thank you for sharing!
I haven't read that book but that's such a good way of explaining people getting comfortable in social situations... can't believe I've fooled myself with that for so long! Glad you're doing well and your workmates are supporting you. 
This Naked Mind worked for me and NOTHING EVER DID. I was a intense and sad explosive alcoholic who couldn't stop even though I so desperately wanted to and hated myself when I drank. .Then I came across this book and quit like THAT! It's so frickin weird!! Everybody around me is like ....wtf....it's crazy and I thank it every day. I have no desire to drink either lol. It's Wild! Im happier and more productive than I've ever been in nearly 15 years. :) 
I see a LOT of drinking at my workplace. Lots of shots. I try to just remind myself that what works for others doesn't necessarily work for me. I have 70 year old family members who I still see taking shots. Can't say I ever look forward to taking one again. So to each their own. 
