-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/arahfz/the_cascade_of_a_single_drink/

I've really come to appreciate that life is just a series of small decisions. By fully embracing this I was able to see the impact of a single drink. ..One glass of wine on a Monday leads to.... &gt; scenario 1: one more glass of wine (bc it's never just one). &gt; scenario 2: two more glasses of wine. &gt; scenario 3: four more glasses of wine (bc need to finish the bottle)..Scenario 1: Total of two glasses of wine on Monday. No real hangover Tuesday kept to my morning routine. But by Tuesday at 4pm I've opened the door to the possibility of having wine after work. On Tuesday I have a couple glasses. I do the same Wednesday and Thursday maybe 3 each night. But by Friday it seems acceptable to drink nightly and it's time to let loose and I overindulge. Saturday is ruined. ..Scenario 2: Total of three glasses of wine on Monday. Sleep is now impacted. I can't feel the full effects but I'm not hitting REM like I should. My alarm goes off at 6am for the gym and I give myself an  out . I skip my workout which leads to just a twinge of eroded trust. This erosion adds up overtime. See above for Tuesday-Friday...Scenario 3: Full on hangover. Skipped morning workout meditation and healthy homemade breakfast. I don't get on my schoolwork as early as I should so I start the day behind. Early lunch is a burger and cheese fries. I'm irritable with my wife and feel generally depressed. I won't drink on Tuesday but chances are I'll be back on Wednesday because I'm disappointed in myself and these efforts feel like a lost cause...Here's the thing... one glass of wine with the intent of only having two that evening sometimes works for me! But almost without fail later in the week it morphs into secario 3. ..To close here's scenario 4 where I skipped that single glass of wine on Monday:..My alarm goes off at 6am Tuesday and I get dressed for the gym. I've never been a morning person so it's still a struggle but it's doable. I make myself a quick smoothie and reflect with gratitude on my life wife our home. Workout is followed by a healthy breakfast of eggs and veggies cooked in grass fed butter. I hit the books productively with a clear mind. I'm done with studying by noon and can dedicate the afternoon to my consulting work. I've followed the schedule I've set for the day and feel confident. My work is done by 5:30pm and I let myself relax with some TV. Cook my wife a chicken curry I've been wanting to try. Greet her when she's home from work with my full attention. I gave a brief internal struggle about having some wine but don't give in and fall asleep that night feeling proud and accomplished. ..I've seen this played out over and over. It may not seem like a big deal but at least for me skipping that single drink makes all the difference in the world...IWNDWYT my friends!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks. I know 1 single drink will set of a tsunami of drinking. IWNDWYT
Well said. This is me for sure. I recently fell back into this just this week and need to start over. IWNDWYT 
Great summary of the slippery slope.  It may be a slow slide down but it's always down. 
So true. 
&gt; One is too many.&gt; .&gt; A thousand not enough.
My god all of that was so me. 
I often play this tape through in my mind. When i imagine the single drink i then think to myself. What if i went and said  hello yes i would like 20 drinks please!  Because thatll always be where i end up. I know by avoiding the first one all is well! And i just have to do it today i can focus on tomorrow when it gets there.
Been there so many times! Being able to see that curve down into alcohol abuse is a major turning point...That first drink is always the first step on the downward spiral.
I loved this. Skipping that single drink is a big deal and you're so strong! IWNDWYT!..P.S. How was the chicken curry?
i started complimenting my three drinks with weed. almost always struggled to get up in the morning. spent the next day trying to overcome my weed hangover often with alcohol. welcome to the never ending cycle it's no fun and games.
One drink is never enough!
Very happy for you!
It's the same for me drinking is such a slippery slope. "I'll have it just for this special occasion" turns into "I'll have it just on the weekends" and then "just at night"... ..The small decisions are the ones that shape your habits but not many people think about them until it's too late.
Haha !! I love the breakdown. Thanks for sharing !! 
Well thought out!  Keep up the good work!
So well articulated. Thank you.
I've tried every trick out there. Setting rules for myself moderation etc...&amp;#x200B;..\- JUST beer ..\- JUST two beers..\- JUST wine..\- Locking my keys away so I can't drive ..\- Hiding my phone so I don't call anyone..\- Measuring out drinks to keep track of my BAC..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..It **always** ends in the same place - drunken foolishness. 
This sounds a lot like me. Thanks for typing this up. I'll also stick with scenario 4.
Well said and done.
Can relate so much. 'One drink' is exactly the cusp of the issue. Some people can have 'a drink'; I'm not one of those people. I'm just a big ol ball of wanting. If I pull the thread at all I'm gonna unravel lol. I've been skipping the first drink lately and the rest get skipped for free. Stay strong. Iwndwyt
A lot of wisdom here thank you for sharing. 
