-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/arfu2t/today_was_hard/

Hi all. Yesterday I was super pumped over 40 days. Proud and happy. ..Today was just brutal. I went to a race my kids were in. They both did awesome. In the past I have had some mild anxiety over these sort of events. Can't explain why. Don't understand it at all ( something else to be explored). Anyways my anxiety went through the roof. ..I managed to piss of my wife and piss off myself. I just couldn't seem to break the feedback loop. When we came home I grabbed my gym gear but not before having another bad exchange with my wife. Fuckin hell. ..As I was leaving to go to the gym she asked if I could stop and grab something me booze and snacks for a dinner party tonight. Ummmm. ..Anyways I worked out. It wasn't the greatest. Then I went to the liquor store.  That wasn't fun. Now I'm in the parking lot venting this out. ..I had a mini panic attack an hour ago. ..Anyways just wanted to let everyone know that today was a struggle so far. I had a craving to get epic drunk. I know I won't but I sure wanted to. ..People will be drinking at my house tonight. I won't be one of them. ..For the rest of today I will embrace the suck. I will not be a victim of my own making. ..I'll see y'all tomorrow because I'm going to do better tomorrow than I did today. ..I will not drink with you today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on fighting through another day! ..IWNDWYT !!
Man it's tough sometimes just get through today! ODB
Congrats in making it through today! IWNDWYT!!!
I remember you!  The guy that turned into a movie star look- a- like after 40 days of not drinking.  :)..Just wanted to say that I know exactly how it feels to be on top of the world one day thinking we got this thing licked and then have the wind knocked out of your sails...That happened to me yesterday.  Minding my own business and whammo - someone close to me totally crushed my feelings to the point I was starting to hyperventilate...But I did something different.  I just sat through it.  I never could figure out exactly what "urge surfing" meant but now I think I know.  One fella on here says he rode out his cravings by hanging on to the arms of his chair until those cravings were gone.  That's what I did.  Even though I felt an anxiety attack coming on and I could literally feel my blood pressure skyrocket I managed to convince myself that drinking might bring that blood pressure down but it would also make my disappointment and depression way worse...What is cool is that this little episode dovetails with a podcast I listened to today sponsored by the Smart Recovery group.  This professor DiClemente who is an expert in addiction was talking about how the key to recovery is how much self-efficacy a person has and every time you have a bit of success at accomplishing your goals your self-efficacy improves which in turn leads to more success.  ..So it was a light bulb moment for me.  All I need is to have more success when faced with the tough stuff in order to really beat this thing...I'm not explaining myself well but I hope you get through the rest of the day/evening unscathed...iwndwyt..&amp;#x200B;
Good job on staying strong. Remember the bad days because they will are the good ones so much better. I will leave you with this quote from one of my favorite people of all times...Gotta have opposites light and dark and dark and light in painting. It's like in life. Gotta have a little sadness once in awhile so you know when the good times come. I'm waiting on the good times now. - Bob Ross ..IWNDWYT 
Sounds very similar to my day!  Damn. Well glad you made it thru without drinking. I wanted to get smashed today too. But really I didn't want to and that won out. IWNDWYT
The good days outshine the bad ones!!
This really helped me   I'm sorry for your pain but super glad you shared it. It gives me hope as I tackle 1 day .. thanks you and I'll send good vibes for when you wake up   peace 
&gt;I will embrace the suck...Some days require this. And I applaud you for clenching your teeth and acknowledging it. Yay YOU! Tomorrow you will be stronger next time the 'suck' makes an appearance in your life. Happy to stay sober with you today! Enjoy the party...sober!..
Today was super hard for me too but I made it! Thank God!
Congrats on successfully fighting that urge. Your day was pretty similar to mine. My girlfriend and I argued all day I left our apartment and had the strongest " F it" mindstate and was going back and forth whether to go get hammered. I drove aimlessly for like 20 minutes dealing with the devil on one shoulder and angel on the other but I resisted and reached out to some support. Got a lift in because I needed to do something that would keep my mind from continuing the back and forth mental mess. This early sobriety period is tough youre not alone and I will not drink with you today. 
Sorry today was so shitty for you. I hope tomorrow you can come on here and tell us how awesome tommorrow was. .So proud to not drink with you today!
1) I find it so empowering to have anxiety / feelings and the desire to drink and then not drink and just have the feelings and deal with them. The feelings (anxiety) is never as bad as I think and I always manage to live through it. Anyway I find it empowering...2) when you are having people over as a family I think it is your responsibility to help clean and to buy food and to set up chairs and mow the lawn make extra ice smoke some ribs so on and so forth. As a guy who is 40 days sober it is not your responsibility to buy booze. As a stranger on the internet I hereby give you permission to tell your wife no...3) this will get downvoted but you sound like a guy who is white knuckling sobriety. You need strategies and friends and support. You are not getting it at home from a wife who asks you to swing by the liquor store. You need to go to meetings. Going to meetings is just like sobriety - you do not have to go tomorrow. You do not have to go forever. You do not have to do the steps you do not have to read the book you do not have to believe in God you do not have to submit to a lifetime of being that guy who goes to aa meetings. But you should go tomorrow. You cannot do this alone. You cannot do this over the internet. Find some support in person. 
Hey thumber3 you did it! You can take a lot of positives from this day you had. YOU DID NOT DRINK! This is huge! You went into a liquor store which is very tempting at 40 days sober and you bought your sweetie booze. And didn't relapse. You also managed to go work out. Fantastic! What a nice display of discipline. Who cares if it wasn't a good workout. The point is you were there. But I get it  I don't like it when I have bad workout days either. You then put a brave face on and entertained people when you were upset and out of sorts. Also you bought flowers to make amends. Lots of positives in that day. You should be proud. We all have bad days where we behave badly. But you admitted it and are taking steps to repair the damage. This IS recovery. As time goes on and you are stronger in your sobriety you will argue and be nasty less and less. I would suggest an earnest apology to the misses if you haven't already. Overall I would say that you are changing and learning. Go easy on yourself (but go). Don't bear yourself up emotionally. You are improving. This is not a quick fix. It is a process. And it is lifelong. You will keep improving if you keep trying. Well done.
Well done mate. I had one of those days yesterday it sucked but ended well. This sub is brill for supporting people who need to get things out thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT
The strength of a thousand men. How does it feel to be a badass my friend? You rock.  
Thank you for sharing. This is so relatable. I had a brutal week at work that left me in a complete funk all of Friday. The urge to pick up a 12-pack of beer or some cheap wine and numb myself like I did after nearly every work week for years was almost all-consuming stronger than any other point since I stopped drinking. I found myself doing that bullshit rationalization activity of telling myself that one drink wouldn't be terrible that I could probably drink moderately if I just tried etc. What I wanted was to make myself feel less anxious. I acknowledged how shitty I felt powered through somehow didn't pick a fight with my husband and today am grateful for that experience. It's better to embrace the suck and let it pass than falling into the suck-perpetuating cycle that comes with trying to numb yourself with alcohol. IWNDWYT.
