-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/arynjt/friend_committed_suicide_while_drunk_this_weekend/

Title says it all. She was out with my friends (I was working) took a Lyft home while her roommate went home to their girlfriends place. So she was home alone drunk. Thought she would just go to sleep but her drunken dark thoughts must have got the best of her. The next day our friend/her roommate found her with a bottle of pills next to her body. ..She was such a positive person and you never really know what's going on inside someone's mind. After finding out what happened my wife looked at me and said  I'm so happy you don't drink like that anymore . I am too. I know how easy it is to let those thoughts take control when you're too drunk and not thinking straight. ..I know if she wasn't drunk that she wouldn't have gone through with it. ..A group of our friends mentioned going to her favorite bar last night - and all I could think about is how bad of an idea that was - how alcohol was a big part in the deadly cocktail that ended her life. That we all missed the signs of an unhealthy relationship with alcohol. ..I've already had my wake up call but this weekend just  solidified everything a bit more to me and I thought maybe someone here might needed to read this especially if struggling with alcohol and mental illness - I February is hard. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry. I know I used alcohol to avoid feeling my emotions but the most dark and strong ones seemed to come through anyway even more when I was drunk and unable to process them. I wonder if your friend too felt less able to handle the strength of them and would have made a different choice that night if she had been more able to process things with more clarity or feel that she should call a friend. I am so so sorry for your loss and I wish your friend had more chances to deal with what she was feeling before making such a permanent choice. 
Damn.   Powerful sad story.  So sorry for your loss. 
I have gotten close to suicide while drunk twice now and ended up in the psych ward both times. I've realized that drinking really will kill me. IWNDWYT!
I'm sorry to hear this.  I came to this sub to post my day 1.  This is one of the reasons I need to stop... whenever I get really drunk I sit by myself and think about killing myself for hours and hours.  When I sober up I am happy to be alive.  I'm sorry for your loss and thanks for posting this helped me today
Sorry for your loss.  :(
I know if she wasn't drunk that she wouldn't have gone through with it...I agree..Rip.Iwndwyt
man...I am sorry. This made me think of a homegirl of mine hung herself 5-6 years ago we were 25 year olds. I think that if she hadn't of been drinking things would be different. ..IWNDWYT. 
It doesn't feel right to upvote this - it must be unspeakably awful for you what you're going through. IWNDWYT. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. Stay strong and this sounds tragic.
Sorry for your loss. Thanks for posting at this very difficult time. I to had many thoughts of suicide while drunk or very hung over . So grateful for being sober. Take care sober warrior
I'm so sorry for your loss.  Wake up call indeed.
Thanks for sharing..
This hits pretty close. I wouldn't be here today had my husband not found me and called an ambulance after being drunk and taking a full bottle of pills. That was over 10 years ago and he still hides pill bottles when I drink. I've been so selfish not realizing just how much that affected him. I am sorry for your friend. Thank you for sharing. IWNDWYT. 
I'm so sorry. 
Sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT.
Alcohol the biggest serial killer ever. I hate it so much after it almost destroyed my own life. I hate it. IWNDWYT...
The comedown/hangover part is always the worst for me. Dealing with the aftermath and crushing anxiety that  can last for days. 
I'm so sorry. I had no idea how many other people have suicidal thoughts when they're drunk like I did. As soon as I became sober my suicidal thoughts went away. It's astounding. I will be thinking of you and holding you in my heart. IWNDWYT 
I am so sorry for your loss. Stay strong- sending you peace IWNDWYT
I really am sorry to hear of your loss alcohol is cruel and evil poison. It's so true you never know what goes on in someone's head. My son killed him self a few years ago we never seen it coming. Keep thinking of all her positive traits and happy times you had with her iwndwyt
I'm sorry for your loss. I am one of those people that needed to read this. I've been struggling a lot more than usual lately. The last night I ever drank I thought about suicide and this post really gave me the wake up call I needed to continue fighting. Thank you for your post. 
February is hard? For me every fucking day is hard at some point. Maybe just for a second or two...but it's there nonetheless. And I hate that. I'm sorry about your friend. Our oldest son's best friend hung himself on September 10 2009. He was very drunk had been arrested bailed out by another friend and went home and hung hmself. If they'd just left him in jail he might be here right now. He was like another son to us. When his parents divorced he literally moved in with us for 3 years. 
i am so so sorry for your loss.
This is heavy. I'm so sorry for your loss. I've had 3 friends take their own lives in as many years. I remember sitting up drinking many nights trying to work up the nerve to go hang myself in the back yard. Those were dark times. Take care of yourself!
It's a frustrating uphill battle. People have become so severely indoctrinated in our society. No matter how many studies I link how compelling my arguments are...outside of this sub you get eviscerated for being the least bit critical of alcohol. The whole thread gangs up on you and shuts you out. I don't want to tell anyone how to live their lives I just want to present information so others can see through the dogma if they choose to. Unfortunately not many do I was hoping to turn the disaster I lived through...many of us have lived through into something good. But I rarely have any luck IRL or otherwise. I don't know what the right thing to say to a young lady such as this is?  
Thank you for sharing this hard story. It means a lot to me and I'm pretty certain to many others. May you all find comfort as you grieve.
They say this disease is fatal. This is the type of shit they talk about...When you're hammered drunk and decide to take off your seat belt and swerve into oncoming traffic. ..Happens all the time
My heart just skipped a beat...Most of my suicide attempts has been when I was drunk...This post reminded me of why I can't drink at all..May your friend rest in peace  .IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry for your loss. Yes February can be very hard on those of us in the northern hemisphere. 
Similar situation happened to me two and a half years ago. Still miss him. So sorry for your loss - happy you're making changes &lt;3
The last thing I saw of my good friend that took his own life almost exactly a year ago was a snap chat of him getting drunk on top of a mountain. I could tell something wasn't right and I called him immediately. No answer. Found out the next morning he was gone. ..Still can't wrap my mind around it. He wasn't an unhappy person. He wasn't suicidal as far as anyone knew. Alcohol is the only reason he'd even be able to make such a drastic decision. ..
Been there the last time i took my last drink at the essex motel in littleton colorado..planned it out and everything - the only thing that kept me from doing it was my mom driving up the street and finding me in that no-tell motel..i have since kept the key chain and (literal) key to the motel as a momento to my sobriety--going on 6 months strong!
  IWNDWYT
Thanks for the reminder and being part of this community!
I'm so sorry for your loss. I hope you find peace. 
Same.  I think I see a pattern here....
alcohol brings out the worst animal in you. i wouldn't feed it. 
So sorry to hear that. This is exactly why I don't own a firearm I probably wouldn't be here if I did.
When I was actively drinking for the entire month of December / early January I would have thoughts multiple times a day about how I should just end it all. They were worse when I was drunk but would linger the next day when the hangover and shame would kick in. There were times I thought about stealing medication from work with a thorough plan to end it all. Luckily when I would get to work I'd get so busy and the hangover would pass that I would forget about my plans to steal fatal medication. Except the plans would come back once I was drunk....Last week was crazy stressful and today at work I even broke down midday for a cry session. But my coworker noticed and came to help me out. It reminded me how much worse things would be if I was drunk and for me alcohol is never the answer. This is just confirming how fortunate I am and really puts my life into perspective. These bad times are only temporary and alcohol in by no means will make my situation better. It will only worsen my mental health and all the progress I have made. ..IWNDWYT. And I am so sorry about your loss. I am so happy that you can see how going to a bar to celebrate life isn't the answer especially when alcohol was a major factor in killing/ harming so many. 
A good friend of mine took his own life in December of 2017. After a work Christmas party. It's horrible how alcohol takes hold of your thoughts and can lead you to taking such drastic spontaneous actions....I think about him every day and is a very large contributing factor to why I am sober now. I don't want to take that path he chose because it's never the right path...
My brother also just took his own life last week. I feel you man. Feel free to message if you just want to chat with someone who has just gone through something similar.
I'm so sorry for your loss. And I'm really sorry for the discomfort you will endure while achieving your new normal. Alcohol is detrimental to people with suicidal idiation. Suicide  IMHO is an end stage of an illness. It is more complicated BY alcohol but more complicated THAN alcohol. And the day after guilties and woe-is-me's? That shit kills people too. Be extra nice to you. 
That's very sad. IWNDWYT!
RIP
We can do this    ..Doesn't anyone close to you ever pull you up on your in take of alcohol? ..I've been finding it difficult to get out too and use drinking as a mask...it's a vicious circle. I'm seeing a physiologist Thursday for the first time. I don't take meds praps I need to...
Sometimes I can't believe I didn't do this except with a gun. I'd sit there with it in my mouth finger on the trigger thinking about how just the slightest clench would end my misery. I stopped drinking instead and life got much much better. Best to you all. 
Oh man so sorry to hear. Good luck. Hang in there
Hey I'm sorry for your loss. I'm also perplexed by your friends wanting to pay a tribute of your friend at her favorite bar. Powerful cunning baffling alcohol is!..I remember all of the suicide tales in the meetings. Truly sad!!! My own sponsor relapsed after telling me multiple similar stories where a few survived when the rope broke off the roof only to fall and land on cement and continue living paralyzed...Decided to accept the Grace of God and reject the poison. End result = true Serenity. Suicide would've meant rejection of Grace. Life is truly sacred and enjoyable...IWNDWYT. Hang in there!
I'm very sorry. I have also lost friends to addiction. It sucks. All you can do is make sure YOU don't become a statistic. Living well and being the best you that you can be is the greatest way to honor your friend. Take time to remember and grieve. I hope you find peace. 
I am so sorry for your loss. I thought it was just me who felt this way but I guess we all have those thoughts. Thanks for posting this; it's given me a lot to think about. IWNDWYT. 
I am so sorry for your loss. The part about if she weren't drunk and not going through with it struck me. ..My only suicide attempt was when I was drunk and 15. I remember it and how strong the emotions and intent were at that time. It still scares me. ..I've had ideations since on occasion but I'm very comfortable reaching out to hotlines/professionals/friends/family. I don't want to die anymore. Drinking enough could make me feel otherwise though I know what my mind is capable of. ..I've had three near death experiences where I've been spared in some miraculous way and all are because my consumption of alcohol. I'm going to die one day but I don't want it to be this way. ..I'm glad you see this you can carry her spirit with you. That helps keeps me going. The deaths of others afflicted. I won't let them pass in vain. I am thinking of you wishing you the best in healing and recovery. 
Damn dude. I am so sorry to hear about this. That's tough. The cold desolation of these winter months can get to you. I've lost a few good friends like this as well. Hang in there brother. 
Wow that scares me because I know people that get those thoughts. But just haven't taken their life. You just never know. So sorry to hear. 
I am so sorry. I myself have tried four times. They were not attention getting tries...they were for real. I struggle with mental health issues as well. The depression is so crushing that i often feel the need to numb it. ..Your friend I assume was a lovely person with too many demons to fight on her own. ..Wishing you love and comfort. ..Sarah.Xo
Really sorry to hear this. My little sister has attempted suicide three times while drunk and I believe alcohol was the prime motivating factor all three times. Sorry to hear about your friend.
Drinking stopped my suicide attempts. I've just settled for slowly killing myself in a horribly painful way. I'm sorry for your loss. This post made me realize a few things. Thank you for sharing.
Jesus I hope it isn't related but my wife's ex husband had a friend suicide this weekend...Seattle area
Sorry for your loss. ..The only time I seriously contemplated suicide and would have done it if I had access to the gun is when I was in the middle of very drunk relapse. I just wanted out of dealing with the shame and self-hatred that comes with being addicted to a substance I know will kill me if I keep up with it. ..Stay strong for yourself and for your friends. Hopefully some good can come out of her death. ..IWNDWYT 
I am  so sorry to hear this - my thoughts and heart are with you all  
