-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/as19t9/serious_question_about_relapses/

Hi. I've been toeing the party line about alcoholism for several years. The meetings. The mantra...I want to hear from people who had several years sober and then started drinking again...Did you take one drink and then another and another and another? Was there any ramping up? How long did it take to go from not drinking to daily drinking again?..Do you know of people who did successfully return to moderate and responsible drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

I took a month off. Had a beer (just one!) and immediately had a second one. Drank every day after. Took 4 or 5 months before I stopped for good. 
Yes I quit for good 198 days ago. 
Hey Claire. You should use the search bar and look for the term  relapse . I often read these posts and find they almost always could be telling the same story. 
There is a party line?  Is that the AA party line?  
About 13/14 years ago I had two years in and thought I was "cured".  Within a few weeks my demon lizard addict brain came back in overdrive and "Special Occasion" meant "Oh good the sun came out today."  I was back to passing out every night and wound up on a Ten-year bender which I lost almost everything (including my life) because I couldn't frigging stop myself again.  It's a lot harder to come back and some never do. 
I don't recall any successful moderation stories. I *do* hear lots of stories of people "doing the research" and concluding that nope moderation doesn't work for them...I hear ya...Good luck whatever you do.
I was sober for about 14 months and started drinking again. Within three months I was hospitalized to be detoxed. It happened that quickly. I was back to all-day every day drinking within a month. DO NOT START BACK. NOTHING BUT HELL AND PAIN AWAITS!
I was sober six months drank once Christmas Eve didn't drink for a week or so then picked up a box of wine again and it was nothing had ever changed. Sober one week now. 
