-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/as2odv/relapsed_for_3_years_after_10_years_of_sobriety/

Sorry for the long guys but I'd like to tell my entire background please bear with me here...&amp;#x200B;..Even from my days as I high school student I knew I didn't drink like the rest of my friends. I always drank way too much though I didn't necessarily know why. Fast forward 6 years and 2 DUI's later and I finally decided to go into rehab to begin recovery. There I learned many tools on helping to curb any cravings or dependencies I may have. I also got to the bottom of my reason for excess consumption. I was driven by a deep seated feeling of inadequacy and nervousness around others. Having a few drinks took the edge off of social situations and allowed me to be "myself". ..&amp;#x200B;..Before recovery my life was a mess. Failing out of college working dead end jobs drinking heavily blowing paychecks borrowing money the look of shame on family members' faces when word of my antics got back to them etc. The worst feeling was the look on my parents' faces. I had a normal upbringing neither parent drinks or smokes still happily married both have great jobs. It killed me to see the hurt and shame in their eyes when they heard of some of the things I had done especially having to pick me up from the police station after my arrests. The only way I knew how to cope with that situation was to go drink another 12+ beers...&amp;#x200B;..My 2nd DUI was the last straw. The next morning I had a moment of clarity. If I don't change here and now I'm going to end up a "washed up old drunk". I admitted I had a problem to my family and within 2 days I was in rehab. Life became infinitely easier and I gained more confidence knowing I was working the 12 steps and was working towards being the man I always knew I could be one day at a time...&amp;#x200B;..After 6 years of sobriety I had a good job with a DoD contractor bought a house and had nice savings and retirement accounts. Seems small but these were all things I never would have dreamed of accomplishing while drinking...&amp;#x200B;..One weekend in town. I ran into an old flame. She had moved out of state for military but was home visiting family. One thing led to another and we're hot and heavy again. I'm flying out to see her every few weeks. A year of this I finally pop the question. We're soon married and I was happier than ever...&amp;#x200B;..I move to live with her (she is military) and everything is going well. We begin to try to have children to no avail. She both drank and smoked of which I did neither. I didn't mind but I didn't see the effect this began to have on my sobriety. Having people over to hang out every weekend became the norm and soon I found myself thinking "I'm almost 10 years in I'm much older and wiser I can handle a drink." After a year of fighting the urge I knowingly relapse...&amp;#x200B;..Relapsing along with time apart due to deployments and baby troubles doomed our marriage. We held on for another very unhappy year or so but in the end we separated. I moved home and crawled in the bottle to escape. Drinking heavier than ever blackout drunk 3-4 nights a week. This continued through our finalized divorce until things came to a head this weekend...&amp;#x200B;..After work I head to my local bar. Have some drinks with friends leave there around 11pm. I didn't make it a mile before I was pulled over and booked with a DUI...&amp;#x200B;..To say I messed up is an understatement. I recently started a new job which requires me to have a clearance. I KNOW that the minute I disclose this tomorrow at work I'll be terminated. I'm short on money after the divorce move alcohol and various home items. I'll have to sell/rent my home and find something cheaper or move back in with my parents. I've committed myself to recovery once again and am 2 days sober but I have also put my personal life and career back in turmoil and in my late 30's it's going to be very hard to get back to where I once was...&amp;#x200B;..I'm definitely not in danger of suicide or self harm in any way I just needed to vent or reach out to a community that understands. Most if not all of my friends have never been through this situation and can't relate. Any words of advice or encouragement that anyone can provide would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading...&amp;#x200B;..tl;dr another DUI after 10 years of sobriety and 3 years of relapse. 2 days sober need advice or encouragement on getting back on the wagon.
----------immediate responses--------

Was sober 18 years. Bad marriage. Divorce. Relapsed 2.5 years. Got fired. DUI. Arrested. Institutionalized. Kept drinking. Finally got sober again. 2 years now...It can all be rebuilt. Just be patient skillful and disciplined.
The only thought that comes to mind is that if you can manage to stay on the wagon everything else will get sorted out.  With 10 years of sobriety you know how it's done...If you need a "refresher course" reading the posts on here and the recommended reading has been very helpful for me...I do know how hard life can be without alcohol to numb things but in the end it makes everything so much worse...Hang in there and iwndwyt.
I'm starting fresh at 40 and after a year in at 41 I feel great about it.  Because I have clarity and hope back.  We can come back good and strong and a little wiser.  Welcome back I won't be drinking with you 
Well damn friend I hate this setback for you but it sounds like you've pulled yourself out of a hole before and you will again! You're down but not out. Hang in there do what you know you need to do and keep moving forward. That's all any of us can do right? Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT my dude
it sounds like if you start again now you could very well live a full life of sobriety and move towards the place you want to be. you were able to not drink for an entire decade which seems amazing to me. i bet you can do so again. being here is a good place to start.
One day at a time my friend.  I was sober for 5 years and relapsed for 20.  Finally quit at 59.  I believe in you.
Dude reading this gave me anxiety. I'm glad youre back and thank you for the reminder of how quickly we can lose everything we built with one bad decision. Lately as a 22 year old does i've been thinking of relationships but it must be a message from my higher power to back off because every time i read one of these posts or listen to my friends experience with relationships it reminds me how they can be a big threat to long term recovery. Thank you &amp; i honestly hope you pull it together i believe in you.
Thanks for sharing your story. Coming up on a year tomorrow I need to keep hearing this how we can never drink safely no matter how much time we get. I feel for you especially with the baby stuff. My wife and I are going through that right now so I know exactly how difficult it can be. I also know that there's no way we'd be able to make it through this no matter what happens unless I stay sober. ..Inasmuch as a guy with a year can advise someone who once had a decade I'll just say this: Be easy on yourself. You know what you have to do and beating yourself up about the past isn't going to help you mend and build a new life. Have hope - you're still alive! You have another chance so embrace it. Life is precious and all too short. ..Hang in there my friend. You can do this and we believe in you. I will not drink with you today. 
Damn bro.  I kinda hate to say this because it feels so cheesy but it coulda been worse.  You could have gotten killed or killed someone else.  If this turns out to be the kick in your ass that helps you get your life on track it may be the best thing to ever happen to you.  That my friend is up to you.   The ball is in your court...If I read this correctly you don't have any kids?  And it looks like you're about to get fired?  It sounds like a good opportunity to get your head together.  Going to be a lot of time a lot of contemplation.  Gotta stay present though one day at a time.
I've been in the same situation. Daily a bottle of wodka lost all of my savings lost my job lost my girlfriend lost good friends and even worse: lost my happiness. Everything can be rebuild money and a new understanding partner might come in future but what you can have NOW is be OK with things you have right now in this moment. Not thinking about what happend in the past (you cannot change that) or what is going to happen in future (you cannot fast forward). ..Living in the moment gave me the power to reach nearly 200 days of sobriety and rebuild everything around me. ...Good luck soldier and welcome back. 
You're telling an awful lot of my own story.  To be brief - had 2 DUIs then I got sober.  Had 12 years...good and great things happened in my life...I thought I had changed significantly (and I definitely HAD but not in the drinking area)...and I relapsed.  I've been out 3 1/2 long painful slowly getting more and more awful years.  I've had 100 'Day 1' days since then.  I've tried therapy SMART recovery Rational Recovery I've read Annie Grace and Allen Carr all of it.  I shut myself into my apartment and isolated like crazy.  My world got very very very small.  I quit going to meetings or doing anything that helped my recovery.  I quit calling my friends.  I quit doing the things that I love.  Life has become one long grey sheet and it isn't life at all.  Here's what I'm finding out - just quitting on it's own isn't enough.  I also need to start doing.  I need to start being honest with people who love me - not in a confessional big dramatic way but just in a 'hey I feel awfull and this is what's going on with me' way.  I need to ask for hugs.  No really.  Hugs.  I need to say yes to dinner invitations.  I need to grow the life that I want as well as not drink.  Because the life that I've got right now is not a life - it's just drinking.  So just 'quitting' isn't enough for me and it's taken 40+ months of hell for me to finally realize it.  I had dinner at friends tonight and it was wonderful.  No booze not needed.  Lots of warmth and love and friendship.  And now I'm home and I'm happy and ready to go to bed instead of drinking till 6am calling off work and generally slowly cutting myself off from the world.  This is all my experience and I can't tell you how to do you but I really - REALLY - recommend you do more than decide to quit.  Grow your life!  Don't waste time like I have.  I wish you all the luck in the world.  Stick around here good people here.  :)
Thank you for sharing your lessons my friend. Very important. IWNDWY. ..Also I'm very grateful my wife is a natural non drinker  =] 
Those 10 years are still with you.  They don't magically disappear because of a setback.  That said it is ALWAYS one day at a time.  Sometimes we forget that.  All you have to do your one job is to not drink today.  Every journey begins with one step.  There are new friends to be made alcohol is your mortal enemy...My thoughts regarding your job is would it be an idea to take sick leave and go get some help?  Would your doctor support you?  I don't see why losing your job is necessary under the circumstances.  You have a disease.  It needs to be treated and managed.  Is this possible?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry that this disease is so stealthy and cunning that it can mess up your thinking ten years in.  A reminder to all of us to be vigilant all the time. I don't do meetings except around my soberversary but I've told myself since I got out of rehab that if I ever contemplate even one drink my butt will be in a meeting within the hour. I'm so grateful that you're safe.  I'm grateful that you didn't hurt anyone.  I'm grateful that you're here.  God bless you and IWNDWYT.
Thanks for posting.  It is a reminder how tricky this disease is for many of us.  Welcome back.
We all either hit bottom or never stop digging. I'm 49 shattered broke and broken but tomorrow I'll be sober for 30 days. I feel confident I'll never drink again thanks to AA This Naked Mind naltrexone and parents who are willing to give me one more chance. It's never too late to fix things until you're dead. Let's live and learn and thrive again. IWNDWYT. 
We are here to help you. And most of us know how difficult it is to quit. Keep believing in yourself. 
Stay strong..A day at a time...IWNDWYT
Welcome back..Stay strong...I will not drink with you today 
I was sober for nearly six years then drank for nearly three. I'm almost 40 years old and sober for a year now. This:  I'm much older and wiser I can handle a drink  is exactly what brought me back out too. ..The best encouragement I can give you is that I haven't had any of those  am I overreacting / we're my problems with alcohol purely just circumstantial  doubts this time at all. It's also easier in some ways because this won't be your first birthday/Christmas/whatever sober. I have some sobriety muscle memory. You can do this. It's possible to build an even stronger life this time. It helps to be kind to yourself too. 
Welcome. We're looking forward to seeing your progress back into sobriety. What's your plan?
Eye opening..Iwndwyt
When I've relapsed in the past I've always set out to  prove  I could handle alcohol with maturity. ..If you're like me (aka an alcoholic) that's never the real goal. All roads lead to Rome in relapse at least for me. ..AA has been the most helpful tool/resource for my recovery. I've never had legal trouble but nearly lost my family. Everything is so much better without alcohol. 
Thank you very much for sharing your story. It's a real reminder that the demon is there waiting on your shoulder no matter how much time you put in. .Every journey begins with a single step so we can't dwell on the past learn from mistakes and start the forward momentum. Platitudes aside if you have a hobby something you can build write read or work toward it helps give a physical totem to your mental progress. Woodwork joining a book club learning a new skill writing your story things like that can help give you something to work toward beside just "not doing something." 
I'm sorry you fell off. It really is an eye-opener that after 10 years you can get swallowed up and back to square 5 or so.  I liked the comment about sober muscle memory....Another comment that I liked a lot was calling in sick and attempting to get yourself sorted before losing your job.  .I guess now whatever was going to happen has happened..Keep us posted. We are all rooting for you.
