-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/as8pp6/losing_weight_all_i_can_do_is_snack_haha/

Hey I see a lot of people who say stopping with alcohol made them lose weight by not drinking all those empty calories but all I can think about is snacking now haha. Anyone struggling with this? While losing weight is not my main reason to quit it would sure be a plus for me...Now when I go home after work(I work as a chef in a kitchen) all I think is: 'well I'm not drinking let's just treat myself on a soda and some piece of cheese/candy/chocolate! I used to not even like chocolate but now I'm craving it aghh. Maybe it's something else to look forward to after work? ..Any advice? Does this go over? I think it's kind of hilarious I don't know why :')
----------immediate responses--------

Stick with the snacks and pack on the pounds. Still WAY better than drinking. And after a while you can start to cut out the snacks. Good luck!!
It is usuall to develop some kind of sweet tooth in early sobriety. You are simply developing other reward mechanisms to your brain (chocholate - endorphines sounds fammiliar). However it will diminish with time. I am allmost one full year in recovery and I was quite hooked at the begining on sweets. Try with a gym. It helped me a lot. Calms you down really good. And in regard to your question I have lost 30 kg in 8 months. Loosing weight is doable :) Good luck and keep us posted!IWNDWYT!!!
I'm also doing the same. Soda cake and chocolate mainly. The advice I've been given is too worry about it later...An interesting fact from William Porter's Alcohol Explained:..It takes the body 2 months after stopping drinking for vitamins and minerals to be absorbed properly...Hang in there! 
I think the body thinks we're on a diet.  I'm not consuming the 1000 calories in alcohol so it's kinda screaming for calories...I keep checking my weight and it's staying the same.  If it's shoots up I'll worry about it.
It took about 3-4 weeks for me to stop going carb crazy during my last stretch. I was lifting weights almost every day as well though. 
I seem to have replaced the alcohol with sugar.  I figured it would let it happen for a bit since at least I was sober. Now I have to stop eating the sugar and it's soooo hard. I'm still trying though.  
Yep!! I replaced alcohol with sugar calorie-wise. I've never even had a sweet tooth and now I'm craving candy just bought a 1# bag of cherry sours and my guess is I'll eat them all myself. ..I have a sober clock on my phone that keeps track of money and calories saved and I look at those categories and I think: well that's nice and all but I'm sure I've spent that much money and eaten that many calories in replacement candy! But it's fading. I wouldn't worry about it for the first couple of months. .
I definitely didn't lose weight at first and I was so distraught. I almost broke my sobriety a few times I was so frustrated. Like even after a solid month. I had 'deflated' and looked less round but the scale number didn't  move and my clothes were still tight. I didn't start seeing real weight loss until probably 2 months in. I also started the gym and eating more fruits/veggies (not necessarily less garbage). NOW I'm 20 lbs lighter at 7 months sober. There goes money saved buying new pants! Not a bad problem considering how much I loathed myself before :)
As a former 330 lbs person snacking away wasn't an option for me. I knew food was another addiction to battle and I didn't want to play the addiction whack a mole game. When I kicked weed and booze I also rededicated myself to keto. I've lost 3 lbs this week stayed sober and feel physically great. ..Some folks  don't struggle with food addiction the way I do and will tell you to pack on some weight the first year. And it works for them. But if you're concerned about extra weight and the possible ramifications of another addiction to deal with I suggest trying out r/loseit or r/keto. Both have been really helpful as I've gone from 330 to 218 lbs. 
I put on a bunch of weight in the beginning. It's been about a year and a half now since I quit and I replaced the candy with running.  .
Any advice telling me to  pack on the pounds  yeah that's gonna be a no from me dog. 
The first 2 months I let myself have allll the snacks I wanted which was a ridiculous amount of anything with sugar. I was shocked how much I craved sugar but figured it was better than drinking! The sugar cravings have definitely faded &amp; I'm just now starting to work on a better diet &amp; exercise. 
I started drinking diet soda a lot and chewing gum which helps a little...I also replaced breakfast with a protein shake which helped cut out daily calories to allow more room for sweets 
Yea i've been eating well but seems like I can't stop myself from eating 1-2 bols of cereals when I get home from the gym.  I used to never eat that.  That's the compromise i'm giving to myself.  Also vector protein bars with chocolat and nuts I have to watch myself or i'll eat the 4 that come in the box.
