-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asbb32/im_a_new_mom_struggling_with_alcohol/

Semi repost but I figure this is a better place to put this. I'm a new mom (well I suppose not NEW my daughter turns one next month) and I'm an alcoholic. I read through some posts here this morning from folks who are also parents and it made me realize I'm not alone in loving my child with all of my being while also somehow not being able to say no to alcohol despite knowing it's unsafe for me to drink as heavily as I do around her...&amp;#x200B;..Before getting pregnant I was a pretty heavy boozer... our whole friend group were partiers and we drank.. a lot... every weekend... and I admittedly am not great at holding my liquor. Then I got pregnant (and so did just about every other woman in our friend group - we have 5 kids within a year of each other) and had 9 glorious months alcohol free- the longest I'd been sober since college but since then the drinking has kinda kicked back up. We have these monthly get togethers and there's always booze flowing and I've started imbibing too heavily again. Last weekend we had a big brunch and after a long work week my husband said "let loose!" and boy did I. Blacked out. Threw up. Probably embarrassed myself in front of everyone including kids. Felt terrible for the whole next day. I need to quit completely but so much of our social activity involves drinking and I WISH I could just have one... but that just never happens. ..&amp;#x200B;..The worst part is my mother was an alcoholic and because of it I had a rough childhood. You'd think that would be enough to get me to stop right? I don't want that for my child she deserves better. But my mom drank alone and I "only drink socially" and "only on the weekends" so for some reason it felt like it wasn't as bad. But it is...&amp;#x200B;..My husband last night was like "you just need to not drink champagne" and part of me thinks he doesn't want me to stop drinking because we do it together to unwind too. Ugh I don't even know what I'm expecting to get out of this post. I guess I just needed to type this all out...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Let it all out! I quit drinking when I recognized my own habits in my dad. Like you would think growing up with that I would have been more cautious.....Reading *This Naked Mind* was really useful for me to identify a lot of my thoughts and helped clarify them and the actions I needed to take. Ultimately yeah it's hard to put that stop in your social life of "I'm a non drinker now" but I've been surprised that many of my friends have expressed relief at having reasons *not* to drink. Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind in the wise words of Dr Seuss. And the longer I stay sober the more silly my initial anxieties about living alcohol free seem. ..Iwndwyt :)
I'm 42 with two kids (9 and 12). My wife drinks and can have  just a few . ..It is up to you to quit whatever your reasons. My wife doesn't understand why I can't just have one or two beers. I can't. ..My advice is that it's hard to imagine life without alcohol until you live life without alcohol. Then it's hard to imagine you ever put yourself through all the pain and embarrassment of being drunk. ..I don't know why it has stuck for me this time but if you want to quit there is no day like today. 
i'm not a mother i'm not even female but boy can i relate to how you feel about your drinking.  i add the word "yet" to things i have not done drinking.  that guy over there lost his job. that hasn't happened to me yet.  that guy over there ended up in jail because of his drinking.  i can't be an alcoholic because i haven't ended up in jail yet.  what i can tell you about my experience is that i could not quit entirely on my own.  i needed real life connection with others in recovery.  i find that in aa.  
I hear you. My husband also down plays my drinking and says it's not as bad as I think. I don't want my kid to grow up like I did with an alcoholic parent (dad in my case). In the end I have to decide I want to do it and know that despite wanting to support me hubs also wants me to be his drinking buddy.   I am putting support measures in place outside of my marriage specifically therapy and this group for now to help me stay sober when I start to doubt I really have a problem which happened last time I quit. For today I just won't drink.  
Welcome aboard!..You might enjoy the blog 'Mrs D Is Going Without' written by a Mum who gave up a hefty wine habit and documented the experience it's really good.....&gt;my mother was an alcoholic..Addictive tendencies can and do run in families... A noted trait of [Adult Children of Alcoholics](https://adultchildren.org/literature/laundry-list/) is that '*We either become alcoholics marry them or both or find another compulsive personality such as a workaholic to fulfill our sick abandonment needs*'......It's not your *fault* but it is up to you to break the cycle and do something about it.....Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
If you decide to quit completely you'll be surprised at how many people in your social circle won't care.  There'll be a few questions but mostly people stop noticing once they start drinking.  You can absolutely have fun sober too...Alcohol is shit.  Ages you.  Messes with your normal brain function (when not drunk too) and slowly kills your organs.  There are a lot of folks who don't drink so just know that if you quit you're in good company!  Good luck!..
I have 3 kids. I was a "weekend warrior" for a while. Drank heavily on weekends felt like shit all week. Rinse lather repeat. ..The best thing I did for myself and my kids was to quit. I am so much more patient present and have so much clarity. My kids see a alternative to drinking. They know there is a choice they dont have to drink to enjoy life. ..My husband has a hard time with my sobriety he is a daily drinker. But my sobriety is my path. And hell he drinks enough girls the 2 of us!!!! Someone needs to be sober truly. ..I truly love being sober. It's hard sometimes but the best choices in life are often the hardest. ..Iwndwt
I am a mom of 2 ( ages 7 and 2 ) and am just starting out on this alcohol free journey.. today is day 2! Although going a few days especially at the start of a week has usually been easy for me. I know by Thursday it is going to start to get tough. But my husband and I drink together every weekend.  I haven't even told him yet that I believe I have a problem. But I need to be sober for my kids. The other night while putting my oldest to bed I told her to call me on the monitor I'd she needs me she told me she tries some nights but I never answer back.. I knew right then the reason was because I probably drank far to much wine and was passed out. Then it made me think what if one of them gets sick in the middle of the night  or there is some other emergency and I'm passed out and dont hear them.. It's hard for me to even think about the guilt I would feel. .So you are not alone!! We can do this! IWNDWYT 
I feel you. I'm a mom who joined reddit 3 days ago specifically for help with alcoholism. This is the 2nd day in a row I haven't had a drink. I can't believe I've let it go this long and get this bad. My husband doesn't drink. I drink alone. I can't believe I wasted so much time being buzzed when I could have been present with my child. I hope you and I and all of us can break this chain and be present for ourselves and our children. It's the longest shortest time and I've already wasted so much. We'll never get that back. Good luck to you. 
What is helping me is that I remind myself I don't really want just one drink. I want it all after I have the first drink. I am in the process of researching how to get what I got drunk in a sober way. So far there is nothing that I can't get sober that I got drunk except fucking blacked out of my mind making a disaster of my life which I don't want to do sober anyways.
