-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/asfved/i_relapsed_last_night_and_ended_up_with_a_gash/

I don't even remember falling. My boyfriend heard a thud and saw my chin and hands covered in blood. He called an ambulance but I refused treatment. I was still really drunk and got mad at him for calling 911. (I'm not working right now so I don't have insurance) I started a big fight with him and he ended up leaving. He called me before he went to work and gave me an ultimatum. Quit or he's done. (This isn't the first time I've caused a drunken fight with him) we've been together 7 years and he doesn't deserve this. I'm currently in a program but I've been cheating. This is actually the first time I'm really taking it seriously. I love him and I don't want to lose him. I'm calling this my day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone. ..You don't need the wine. You don't need the hard alcohol. You don't need anything but to dry out and realize the love and support that can come from your inner circle. ..I will not drink with you today.  
I've also got a scar under my chin from drinking and have lost multiple teeth due to drinking youd think that would be enough to make me quit but it hasn't 
Don't feel bad. I have a MASSIVE bruise on my ass (we all know the one...we've all had them) and I somehow burst a blood vessel in my eye so I look extra  got wasted and did something stupid . Just know that the gashes/bruises/etc heal and are a good reminder NOT to do it again. I took a pic of my eye to look at every time I want to drink again...IWNDWYTD. 
Welcome. We're glad you're here. I always say that sobriety didn't open the gates of heaven and let me in -- it opened the gates of hell and let me out.
Welcome.  Lots of great info. and tools on this site and many others. Dig in!!..Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
Welcome to the gang. Good to meet you. Grab a LaCroix and settle in.  
I injured myself countless times: black eyes gashes on my face that required stitches a broken toe... Have you talked to your doctor? That was my first step and it changed my life. 
Each person has their reasons to quit but I find it easier to quit for myself. It may be selfish but it gives me more motivation. It's nice that others benefit too. I hope you fond your motivation.
