-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aslwte/can_anyone_give_me_a_wake_up_call/

I have struggled with depression for quite a while and nobody around me knows about it. I decided to self medicate with alcohol (yes I know it's a terrible idea bc alcohol is a depressant) but I did it anyways and I've been doing it for several years now. At first I wasn't drinking too much but it was getting to a point where I was drinking about 1-2 bottles of hard liquor a month. A couple months ago I met this girl who actually made me happy but she wasn't too happy about me drinking. Because I would rather keep her than keep drinking alcohol because i knew it was affecting my health I decided to cut back on alcohol. Long story short things between her and I didn't work out but I didn't want to go back to being my old self. I was still depressed but I didn't want to continue drinking. I was sober for a month until I went to a party where I binge drank. I noticed that after I drink I become far more depressed than I was before for about 5 days than I go back to feeling somewhat normal. I do cave into the temptation at least once a month just to satisfy my little craving. I feel like I've come along way to only binge drinking about once a month. I have never let alcohol get in the way of my job nor do I let it affect my performance in school. Because of this I don't see drinking once a month as a problem to me but I feel like I'm wrong and I need to see my situation from other people's points of view. Do I have a problem? If so can you please give me a wake up call. Yes I know what I have been doing is illegal as I am currently 20 years old.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not for us to convince you that you have a problem. Do you think you have a problem? And if so do you want to do anything about it?..Maybe you can read through this sub and see if you relate to any of it. However if you need a wakeup call that's something you may or may not encounter by continuing to drink. It's not for me to scare you straight.
Are you comfortable being a binge drinker? I can only share my experience. I illegally binge drank when I was 20. Over the years I was on and off after that. For a period of about a year even afterward I was able to drink just a beer and be done. I wanted more but I did successfully moderate for awhile even back then. Trouble was its because of people around me and also limited supply. Those binge drinking habits never left my brain they were just waiting for an opportunity to come out again.  ...And seven years later boy did they. I am still picking up the pieces of the havoc I've wreaked on myself and others. I wish I had stayed quit when I was 20. I have not made any lasting connections achievements skills memories etc. during my drinking times. None of my "drinking friends" have remained in touch with me nothing was built. In the end looking back it was just a lot of destruction and me making excuses for the destruction because I wasn't an "alcoholic who woke up in the morning every day to buy a 40".  ...You might be able to go on for a long time without drastic consequences like I did but once I became a binge drinker and broke my "off" switch it was a long slow inevitable race to the bottom. That was the point of no return for me. If you want to cash out early and not have to learn the hard way if you feel called to do that by all means stop the potential disasters before they begin. If you have to learn the hard way I wont judge you at all for that because that's what I did. Its your life and the ball's in your court you have to make the decision for yourself what is and isn't acceptable to you. Whatever you decide to do I will not drink with you.
Do I think you have a major problem?  No.  Do I think your current habits can possibly lead to a major problem?  Yes...I self medicated for panic attacks.  After about 3 weeks sober my anxiety was almost non-existant and really hasn't came back yet.  I'm not sure if depression would benefit as much but I do know seratonin is related to both as I have been on an SSRI for anxiety so it possibly could.  Honestly once I got used to handling emotions and what not without booze I really don't miss it at all and while it may help short term it just makes everything else worse when you aren't drunk.
I only binge drank once a month or less at 20. By 23 I was binge drinking once or twice a week. Then I got pregnant. stopped drinking. Went back to bingeing once a month or so after I gave birth and finished breast feeding. Then slowly changed to a six pack or bottle of wine 2 or 3 days a week. Then at 27 I had some inspiration left my husband split time with our kid half and half and started binging at least once a week. And then problems started creeping in. For me I wish I knew at 20 what my "harmless" once a month binges would lead to. And had the motivation to try to quit drinking way back then.
