-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aslwc1/day_1_im_drowning_in_drunk_shame/

Thanks for reading everyone. I made a huge mistake last night. I'm a bartender my best friend is the owner of the bar I work at I've been there for almost 5 years - we are all closer than family. ..My struggles with alcoholism have mostly presented in a few months of heavy binge drinking which culminates in something disastrous happening which forces me to stop (although I've never made it more than 6 weeks totally sober.) The first time about a year ago I got caught drinking on the clock and got heavily reprimanded my job was in jeopardy I was terrified I got my act together. The second bender ended in my falling and splitting my chin open wound up drunk in the ER at 4am. I've lost friendships relationships dignity money and self respect. Last night I got drunk while closing the bar again and it turned into a total shit show - I lost control. I let my friends chop my hair off while I was working got too drunk to close had to have a guy I'm seeing help me lock up even. My boss/friend is furious with me and this is my last chance to get my act together. ..I didn't drink today - I haven't been able to get off the couch all day as I feel like the worst person alive. I'm going to a Buddhist recovery program meeting with a friend tomorrow. I'm terrified and full of regret but determined to take control of my life back. ..Thanks for being here everyone. This group is giving me a lot of hope. 
----------immediate responses--------

You just highlighted the most important thing about alcoholism: **You didn't drink TODAY**..Sounds like you're doing Refuge Recovery and I've heard great things about it and I hope things work out for you!..This shit is not easy and just know that the person 24 hours of sobriety (such as yourself) has the same disease as someone with 24 days sober and 24 years sober...You're not alone so stick with it and if you feel an urge to drink maybe do Cranberry Juice and Club Soda with Lime (my go-to beverage when I'm out at events.)..Good luck and stay safe!..-Capt.  
All the best to you my friend
It took a bit for me to stop dwelling on shit I fucked up while I was drinking.  Eventually I just felt like that I was a different person when I was a full blown alcoholic compared to sober.  I dunno if that's some cliche thing or whatever but it was true to me.  Nobody ever talks about shit I did when I was drinking really and I don't even think about it anymore.
You can do it.  I have faith in you.  I hope your meeting goes well.  IWNDWYT.
I'm glad you're here! Welcome from a fellow fuck-up who had to have a night go bad bad bad for me to finally FINALLY face the facts and deal with my drinking problem. That was 33 non-drinking days ago. Prior to that I hadn't stitched together three consecutive sober days in 25+ years. I fucked up so many times when I was lit and the stupid embarrassing occurrences of bad decisions and regrettable behavior were becoming more and more frequent...Good news! You are not the worst person alive you just fucked up. More good news! You've articulated that you have a problem and you sound motivated to deal with it. That's awesome. That's exactly what it takes. You can do it. You can make your life better. Don't drink today. I won't either. Check back often! 
IWNDWYT
Man what kind of friends cut your hair off when you're drunk?
That sucks. Do you think it is a good idea to work in a bar if you want to avoid alcohol? Why or why not? Just curious on the thought process there.
I was on the brink of losing my job when I was teetering between sobriety and benders. It was fucking so scary and today I am seriously proud I can say I am a normal employee who is responsible for the task given. That took some time and hard work good luck to you IWNDWYT!
