-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at20h6/what_happens_when_you_tell_a_doctor_you_have_a/

I want to do it finally. I need medical help. The longest I was sober was about two months and I have relapsed many times since then. It just keeps getting worse I'm out of control. I've only ever been to AA once and never told a doctor about my substance abuse. I don't know what to expect but I want SO BAD to be a better me
----------immediate responses--------

I hadn't been to the dentist in 5 year I worked with a guy who was married to one. He said "you're never the worst they've seen."..That is a bit of schaudenfreude but it helped me get into the dentist. I was worrying about how judgy they'd be. ..Your GP will probably ask about volume and how long you've been drinking and get you booked to establish a baseline for where your body is at now. ..Then help you formulate a plan to safely stop. 
They help you. Be honest totally honest and complete with your explanation of when what and how often and they will direct you on the best thing. Be prepared they me not have an easy quick answer that is convenient for you. But you will find relief just in the telling of it. Then I would get to 90 meetings in 90 days if you're open to it. 
In all likelihood they won't bat an eyelid and it will all be handled very straightforwardly and matter-of-factly.....Doctors see folks with drinking problems *all the time* and however bad you think you are it's practically guaranteed that they'll have seen someone worse!..Doctors also know full well that many patients lie about or misrepresent their drinking and yours will probably be delighted that you've been honest and that you're ready and willing for them to do their job and actually help you.....Don't overthink it just go!..Hope you'll come back and let us know how it went!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
They're there to help and theyve seen so many cases and are so well educated on the subject that there wouldn't really be time or purpose fto judgement. Theyll only judge you if you dont take their guidance seriously. In the end you're making the positive step towards change. 
The only thing to be prepared for is that not all doctors are skilled at this. They are just people and some are excellent at complex issues like alcohol or domestic violence and some are just not. So if your doc is not helpful then ask for another source or seek out specialty care. My doc who I love was useless for this issues though has been great at all other health issues. Though she helped me find the care I need. 
Both my GP and my psychiatrist were very chill about it. They asked about what I've been drinking volume and duration. They helped me with medication and during withdrawal. But also and for me more importantly they checked with me if I could go along with their treatment plan...2 weeks ago at my psychiatrists office I told about my relapse he gave me options for redrawal supporting medication. He asked me what I could do what would help me abstain and I told him about a support group. He encouraged me to go the next day to not postpone it could he ask that to me?..Nor my GP nor my psychiatrist were judging in any way...I'd say go for it! And let us know how it went when you decide to go! 
I don't know if this is true but it is something I think--Docs will be great but I worry about them putting alcohol issues on my permanent medical record that may have effect years later on insurance issues.  I have diabetes on my record when I only was pre-diabetic. And I can't get it off even though I never became diabetic.
It's great that you're looking for medical help it sounds like a great place to start. ..In my experience telling a doctor was scarier in the lead-up than it was in the reality...The first doctor I tried to tell I hinted at it and beat around the bush and he pretty much told me that a few drinks a night wasn't going to kill me (I'd downplayed the amount I drank on my intake form and he referred to that when I mentioned I'd like to drink less or stop completely) and I didn't have the guts yet to interrupt him and tell him I'd lied about the numbers on the intake form. So I let him reassure me then I left. My lesson from that was - don't beat around the bush. Lead with the truth and rip that bandaid off from the first few sentences so there's no misunderstanding.  ..More recently I told my GP a different doctor than the first time and right off the bat I told him that the numbers on my intake were wrong and that I was actually drinking on a nightly basis to the point of being drunk and I needed to know what to do physically from this point forward. ..He told me that it was good that I told him and immediately pulled out the blood test sheet and said we were going to start to help me by information gathering. He described the blood tests he was ordering and then asked me if I'd like to add other tests like hepatitis HIV or other viruses I might have come in contact with. I said yes to everything...We then talked about detox and other inpatient resources. The conversation for this was specific to me but hopefully you'll have a similar conversation that will help you with your specific needs. ..That was how my doctor confessional went and the best advice I can give you is to not minimize or beat around the bush. Lead with the truth and ask for medical help. In the waiting room I was a basket case thinking of backing out but once I did it it was such a relief for me to get put into a process supervised by someone else at a time when I was doing a bad job supervising myself. ..Good luck and check in on your phone in the waiting room if you need some encouragement. 
They just shame you and offer no help! 
I asked for medical management for withdrawal and suggestions for a recovery program...Everything proceeded safely and without discomfort!
I was super nervous when I went to the DR terrified honestly.  I broke down telling them I had an issue and I had been sober for almost  a month at the time.  I remember how much I was flooded with intense emotion when they congratulated me for taking steps to help myself.  I went from terrified to feeling much better in that instant.  I bet you can have a similar time if you are honest with them.  Best of luck not drinking with you today!
When I came clean to my doctor he asked my about how much and how often I was drinking. He told me that he is there to help and he gave me a rx to help with the withdrawal symptoms. He asked if I wanted him to refer me to the substance abuse team for help. I said yes. He told me he has a special place in his heart for people struggling with alcoholism because his own sister drank herself to death when she was in her fifties. 
Most people when first informed their drinking is creating medical problems go into denial until the symptoms get worse.
I ignored my doc when she said to quit. But when I was ready for help she worked with me on tests and a prescription to separate from alcohol safely.
