-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at3pls/relapse_in_early_recovery_when_does_it_happen/

I know it can happen at anytime and even folks with 1000 days are vigilant. But when in early recovery are you most likely to relapse?..Right now I'm terrified of going back so not drinking today seems very possible last time I only did 45 days but does it get easier after 6 months? a year?
----------immediate responses--------

For me it happens when I take that first drink because in my mind I might as well have another. If I don't make the choice to buy it and take that first drink I don't relapse. 
I go to AA and there they say that resentments are the number one killer. There was only one thing I liked better than wallowing in self-pity and resentments and that was wallowing in self-pity and resentments with a drink in my hand. So these days if my boss asks me to do something I don't want to do or my wife nags me for not taking the trash out or my kids make a mess and don't tidy up I try not to take it personally because once I take a resentment I know a drink won't be too far away. ..This doesn't mean I'm a door mat. If  I  disagree or truly can't do something I say so. I don't keep things bottled up I've learned to say no when I need to because going along with something I disagree with is going to end up with a resentment too...It got easier for me after about 6 months when I got a sponsor and started working AA's 12 step program which essentially is there to help me deal with resentments and self-pity. ..&amp;#x200B;
Everyone's different and I've read posts with people having three years that say it's just as difficult as on day one and also seeing posts about people 3 years in saying they don't really think about it anymore. Stress is usually a trigger so be aware of stress levels is important. Therapy can be quite helpful. 
Don't know but can't wait to get there!!  IWNDWYT!!!
I went through a lot of emotional swings (P.A.W.S) early in sobriety. They seemed to come on about 30 days or so for me. Less frequently after 6 months and I haven't really had any signs of PAWS since 18 months. ..Dealing with emotions has been the biggest challenge for me in sobriety. I had to completely relearn how to cope. Meditating meetings exercise writing helped me. ..Today I try to stay rooted in my recovery. I get stupid thoughts from time to time but I do not indulge in them. I know 100% I cannot drink and those thoughts pass. 
