-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at6vlt/update_my_husband_is_2_weeks_sober/

I'm going to try to link to my original post [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aoyrvh/my_husband_is_3_days_sober)..I'm so proud of this man. We've gone from drinking a fifth of vodka a night waking up to throw up in the shower every morning beer cans everywhere... to a couple that is cooking homemade meals all of the time making love almost daily again getting up 2 hours before work to sit and have breakfast and tea together we are taking vitamins both of us are going to bed at normal times and no one is sweating through their clothes while they toss and turn all night. I feel... normal again... almost. I'm struggling because I feel like I should try to quit completely. I have a hidden stash of vodka but don't drink after he gets home from work. I want to quit too but have excuses lame I know. I've never drank as heavily as him. I can keep it under control and don't wake up hungover my job is stressful and its "helping" me cope. ..He is being very cool and always says I can have a drink in front of him and its ok... but should I? Three times now I have. I had a glass of wine when we went for sushi last week. I had a cocktail at a local distillery because I know the owner and wanted to try a new mix. He actually bought me a 6 pack of really nice beer 3 days ago when I had an absolutely horrible day at work. I've only drank 2 so far. Every time I drink when he is around I feel bad or guilty or something. I don't know how to be a recovering alcoholic's wife. He says it is fine...  is it? I just want to be the best I can for him but obviously I am struggling with whether or not I am.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah that's a tough one. I know I wouldn't be 18 months sober if my wife drank in front of me or behind me.
Drinking around him and having Vodka in the house significantly increases the likelihood of him relapsing. Don't feel bad or guilty because he said it's ok but just be aware that you're playing with fire.
Good for him and you! :)..You may want to check out /r/alanon it was originally created for the wives of men at AA it's since become more politically correct but it takes a different set of skills to love/deal with an alcoholic that aren't very intuitive for most. ..And I would take him at face value if he says it's ok to drink around him. If it isn't well it's his problem to work on. If you just don't want to for your own personal reasons (and being uncomfortable drinking around your sober husband is still personal imo) of course I think that's great too :) but I think it's helpful to reframe it as "what do *I* want and why" rather than "what does *he* need". My husband doesn't drink around me but I told him he could - he just doesn't. He told me that he had a beer once when I wasn't home but that he felt silly and questioned why he was drinking it. I think he just quit after that...Cause at the end of the day all we can control is our own actions anyway. Alanon suggests that focusing(obsessing) on the qualifier and their actions is a method of escaping focusing and reflecting on one's own shortcomings/choices/flaws/uncomfortable icky parts of ourselves. Even if you don't buy into that part I still think the discussion of knowing your boundaries and sticking to them is helpful for everyone.
Well first of all do you have a problem with alcohol?
I'm sober my husband is not. And he is NOT supportive. ..I wish he would quit with me but that's his choice. I personally would quit with him if he had quit first to show support and walk with him on this journey. ..Sometimes it makes me sad he essentially chooses alcohol over supporting me. ..Solidarity and support can come in many forms. Encouraging him asking how he is doing asking how you can support him are great ways to be a supportive partner. .
If he says it's fine I'd believe him. But it sounds like you have questions you need to answer for yourself too.
