-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at7rzo/going_no_contact_with_mom/

She relapsed last night. My brother had to bring her in off the street at 2:00am. This has happened too many times now over the past few years. ..She said  I'm an alcoholic this just happens sometimes . But I t hasn't happened to me in the past 7 years so it's hard to sympathize. ..I know everyone's story is different and everyone has their own hardships. When one of y'all relapses I want to offer nothing but encouragement. This is different though. Heartbreaking in a way I can't explain and don't want to feel anymore. ..I have a 9 month old son now. He's her only grandchild. She won't be allowed to make contact with him until she's seen a doctor (medical is fine but preferably a psychiatrist that specializes in addiction). ..Buuggghhhhhhh. Way to take the wind out of my sails for the day. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's a tough one. I certainly feel for you. 
Oooohhh I feel you. I have all sorts of weird tangled emotions about my dad's alcoholism now. Like I get why he does what he does that bizarre illogical drive to keep drinking at all costs. But I still harbor resentment because I recognized I have a problem and did something about it why can't he? Like denial is part of the disease but how can you stay THAT FAR in denial for SO LONG? Now he has Alzheimer's so I'm not even sure if he has the capacity to recognize that type of thing.
Whew. I'm really sorry.  And I know what you mean parents are a whole different ballgame...Something I've had to remind myself of over and over again is that it's necessary for me to set boundaries in order to take care of myself and my family. I cannot control other people I can only control how I handle myself...I know that you can't force sobriety on someone and that help comes to those who want it for themselves but I also know from experience that sometimes when people reckon with exactly what they stand to lose things are suddenly a lot more **real.** Sometimes that's the spark...Good on you for drawing a line. I hope your mom gets the help she needs :)
Dealing with a loved one that's an addict (of any kind not just alcohol) is incredibly difficult.  You so desperately *want* to help... But you can't.  You try... Try to physically help try to financially help try to emotionally help... Try try try.....And it's never enough for them.  And far far too much for you...Nothing changes.  They seldom want the kind of help they need... And instead demand short term "help" that does nothing but help them escape some of the *consequences* of their addiction but not the addiction itself...That's not helping; *it's enabling*...It took me years to stop trying to help my family...Have you checked out an Al-anon program?
This is so hard. My mother is an addict and it's been a problem for a long time (especially when I had my son - the rule now is I have to be there when she seems him). I have to remember that healthy boundaries help everyone. I keep a note on my desk about what those boundaries are but enforcing them is not only hard it's impossibly sad. :(
