-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at87a6/theres_no_easy_way_to_do_this_is_there/

i'm on day 13 and i still haven't let go of the fantasy that maybe after 90 days it won't be a habit and i can drink like normal people. i keep reading posts about relapsing after years and years of quitting and how awful of an experience that is and it fills me with dread. i don't feel like i'm strong enough to go a lifetime without drinking and Not drinking demands strength that i feel like i only had While drinking. .i don't have a job or anything to really distract me but i've noticed things i used to enjoy aren't really enjoyable right now. does that go away? i just feel like i'm wasting time and it's supposed to be a victory just because i'm not drinking. ..thanks for letting me rant i'm just not sure where to go right now.
----------immediate responses--------

What's worked for me is AA and they actually taught me about that... The insanity which proceeds the first drink: .."The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death."..Alcoholics Anonymous p. 30..The fact of the matter is at least for me that I never ever wanted *just one* of anything. I never wanted to be able to control my drinking until it became apparent that I can't...Have some hope. H.o.p.e = hold on pain ends. It does get better as long as we don't pick up the first drink. Keep the faith!
First of all take pride in 13 days!  congrats you're doing great!  It can be hard admitting that your life is better without alcohol...forever.  But it really is.  It takes time to start rebuilding a life once you get sober.  Its not going to happen over night.  Building new relationships getting new jobs getting help for any anxiety or depression issues...it all takes time.  All sober people in sober places.  All you can do is take it one day at a time...one step at a time.  If you find yourself feeling down a lot...no motivation etc.  then maybe talk to a doctor about it.  Or maybe a therapist.  Just know that every day without alcohol is a good thing.  You're life will not get better if you bring alcohol back into it.  Hang in there you're doing the right thing!  We're all fighting with you.  IWNDWYT
That's exactly how I feel. I think about how hard the last 2 months have been and then freak out when I think about extrapolating that out to  forever.  I'm having to just take it a week at a time sometimes even a day. I try and remind myself of how alcohol never actually helps me with anything. It just numbs me. I try to think about out the anxiety guilt shame and hangovers. I try to keep myself busy. I come on here... We are so much more than alcohol and I'm grasping onto the belief that our lives are much richer without it.
&gt;i don't feel like i'm strong enough to go a lifetime without drinking..Yep me either...The good news is all I can control is Today.  I'm not going to drink today...When my *Lifetime* arrives then I can answer that question...&gt;I don't have a job or anything to really distract me..A powerful action I take is *Giving To Others*.  Volunteering a little time at United Way is a great way to help others to meet new people to get job offers and to make connections in the community...Got a United Way in your area?
I can't think about 77 days from now or 2 days from now. I'm just living today and I don't want to drink today and I won't drink today. I am finding not drinking to make my life more enjoyable not less. I'm not stuck to a seat with a glass in my hand and an erased mind. I am taking care of myself better doing chores I had neglected for years taking care of my pets and appreciating them more reading lots more books  being  with my family rather than just existing with them and feeling of peace instead of the horrible cycle of slavery and regret that I felt before. I'm not sure if it's easy but the alternative was killing me and wrecking everything I hold dear.
Don't worry because what you are feeling is something a lot of us have been through. I know I have! Personally I never told myself I could never drink again. That just seemed too enormous and unrealistic. So I broke it down into manageable chunks. Week 1 Week 2 Month 1 Month 2 Day 100. I just kept re-committing to another period of sobriety after I reached my goal and this worked for me until I eventually stopped counting without realising. One day I realised I must have done more than a year and that was a good feeling. Even at this point with over 600 days done I don't think way off into the future or about  forever . I just commit to not drinking for the immediate future and that seems to work for me. Maybe give that a try. ..In terms of not enjoying your life at the minute I am not surprised. You have been relying on alcohol for false euphoria and you will feel low and flat now that is missing. However the good news is that your body and mind will normalise over time and one day in the not too distant future you will realise you just had a really good happy day without alcohol. Once that starts to happen those days will begin to happen now and again until they are happening regularly and eventually they become typical days. At that point you will begin to realise your life is much better without alcohol and you will really begin to appreciate and enjoy being sober. Some people reach that point more quickly than others but it can and will happen at some stage as long as you keep setting reaching and resetting the goals. Your brain is just trying to provide you with excuses at the minute because it wants its quick fix of alcohol. It's trying to tell you that you are not happy sober and might as well drink. Do NOT listen to that. It's fake news. Yes things are tough now and you are not happy but this doesn't happen overnight. It takes time and commitment but true happiness will come when you settle into sobriety. If it came at the bottom of a bottle you wouldn't have wanted to quit. So stick with it and accept the beginning will be tough and not much fun. Rewards come later. This is the time to put the head down and keep going. 
You are banking time not wasting it. Healing time brain repair time. The flatness goes away as your brain and body renew. Can you start a short routine like walking stretching a few yoga poses or ten minutes of meditation in the morning to support the healing process that is going on? That way perhaps you will feel less like a bystander to a vague process that may or may not even be happening. It is happening! We just have to give our bodies some time (and maybe some B vitamins)...You do not have to be strong and bored forever. As the brain heals we start to feel alive again and we can build on that. And every day we only have to deal with the one in front of us. We do not have to wrap our heads around eternity. We just show up for todays healing and that is enough. It is everything.
