-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/at89d1/weird_feelings_after_2nd_aa_meeting/

Hey guys.  Been trying off and on to stop drinking since 2016 and this week I've finally begun going to AA.  I will start by saying I felt incredible love and support--the kind I have been looking for and have failed to find everywhere I've gone.  Just fucking honesty.  Makes me almost glad to have gone through all this shit. ..&amp;#x200B;..But my demon brain is having a go too.  Trying to convince me of all the ways I will become an outsider.  All the ways I don't belong.  Maybe I'm too young to seem so eager to try this.  People will be annoyed that a 21 year old who hasn't been to jail is trying to "relate."   I started feeling like I needed to relapse again after starting the program just to feel like I really "fit in."  Or I need to go and develop a *real* drug habit not just alcohol so I can really be badass.  I was judging myself while telling my story.  Pfff blackout and not even a DUI?  Cute girl.  Haven't even been to rehab?  Go home and find you some church girls to whine with.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Idk I just really really expect the "you can't sit with us" attitude from everyone I meet.  But I'll keep going to meetings.  I definitely need to stay sober.  Guess it's good I'm getting a really honest look at my crazy brain.  It just doesn't feel crazy right now.  
----------immediate responses--------

You are in the right place.  Big problems have small beginnings.  I once sat in those meetings feeling like my problem wasn't big enough to belong.  That's bullshit nip it in the bud now.  Believe what your heart is telling you.  Stay strong and great job on those 3 days!!!
I know how you feel. I'm only a couple years older than you and I have no DUIs no jail time no lost jobs no homelessness... But AA really has welcomed me...I very much relate to that weird feeling of needing to relapse to fit in but the other day at an AA meeting an older gentleman shared apropos of nothing that he'd walked into an AA meeting one day and never drank again. He talked about how people who were there for the first time should feel like it *is* possible to put the bottle down and never pick it up again. It was weirdly serendipitous that he decided to share that because it was exactly what I needed to hear...The repetitious statements about relapse being okay about being a normal part of the path to recovery etc. are really helpful but they can sometimes make me feel like I have to relapse before I can really begin to recover. I've found talking about that feeling with other sober folks has been helpful -- a lot more people than I realized are in my same situation and I just didn't know it.
[removed]
Hey I know how you feel. My first meeting I was 17 talk about a fish out of water. I didn't get sober then but I did get sober at 21 just like you. I felt the same because there are some crazy stories and I didn't have half the horror stories to tell. One day I realized I was focusing on what I call "external factors" that is all the outside things that happen to get us to this point i.e dui's jail lost jobs etc.  Everyone is different so it was easy to compare. Once I started listening to what I call the "internal factors" i.e shame remorse self hatred the constant beating myself up not understanding why I can't just stop I learned I was exactly the same as every other person in the room. Alcohol abuse can cause serious destruction to the outside world for sure but the worst destruction is what it does to us inside mentally physically spiritually and emotionally. Focus on the internal factors of peoples shares and if your like me you'll realize your right where you're supposed to be.  
It's easy to feel like our case isn't that serious. I mean- there is always someone worse.... However I think of my drinking like a cancer- I want to snip it while it's small. There is no benefit to let it spread and grow. No one takes pride in being diagnosed with a stage 1 cancer and then letting it grow until stage 4 to fight it.  Of course it is still worth fighting at any stage. Best wishes for you :)
The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. Went out to dinner recently with some fellow AAs and felt awkward because I realized I really really want the cool girls to like me and to fit in. What's awesome is all of them have been exactly in my shoes. They remember their first attempts at fellowship and fitting in... everyone's the new kid at some point! It's all good you're right where you're supposed to be!
I had those kinds of thoughts when I was in rehab last year. The only way I could describe it is like some kind of survivors guilt. I felt I wasn't worthy of the bed I had there because I still had my job in fact my job was paying for my rehab and I was still getting paid while on medical leave. There I was sitting among 29 other guys most of whom seemed a lot worse off than I was. For some of them the bed in rehab was the first real bed they've had in years. I still had my house my car my marriage I had never been homeless etc. What made *me* so damn special that I had a spot there when obviously I didn't have a *real* problem unlike the many other more worthy people out there suffering. I felt like the other guys there were going to judge me or think that I was unworthy of being there. ..I spoke to one of the counselors about my feelings and they sat with me for at least an hour going over the concepts of "yet". I hadn't lost my job "yet" I hadn't lost my house "yet" I hadn't lost my car "yet" I hadn't lost my marriage "yet". I wasn't homeless "yet". I had been an alcoholic for over 20 years but now the wheels were starting to fall off all of those "yets" weren't that far down the road. Losing everything wasn't a prerequisite of going to rehab or attending AA. That really eased my mind a lot. ..Oh and my fears about the other guys there thinking that I was unworthy? Completely and utterly unfounded and incorrect. In fact it was the complete opposite. The ones who had been through the shit were really fucking happy that I was getting help *before* all of that happened to me. Having the opportunity to be a part of helping someone avoid all of that pumped them up and actually helped them as well...All of those thoughts and doubts that I was having were coming from *my* demon brain. It was straight up lying to me as it was desperately trying to get me to give up and drink. In the moment it felt like rational thought our justified doubts and fears but it was all distractions lies and smoke and mirrors...Now I'm not saying that you will *never* run into anyone with a negative attitude I went to dozens of different outside meetings  while in rehab and there were maybe 5 or 6 people (always crotchety elderly men for some reason) who looked down on us rehab guys as pussies for taking the "easy" route. After those meetings we always had a few other people come over and tell us not to listen to those guys as they aren't happy unless everyone is as miserable as they are. You may not experience anything like that kind of attitude at all but AA is a bunch of broken folks trying to stay sober and there may be a small handful that have the attitude that you aren't desperate enough because you haven't suffered enough...don't listen to those assholes take what you need and leave the rest...Glad you decided to stop drinking and I'm glad you found this sub. I hope you stick around for a while I find it to be one of the best subs on reddit...IWNDWYT! ..
