-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atg3oe/relapse_imminent/

So I'm 49 days sober finally started to feel like a normal human being last week more involved motivated productive emotional available and my girlfriend basically told me that she has reached her limit in our relationships and has been unavailable for the last few weeks. ..It pisses me off. It's egoistic I know but I can't stop asking myself - why the f*ck now?! When I'm on the right path getting better healthier productive. Back when I was a booze zombie she wanted it all.  I get that this was a build-up situation for her but that doesn't make fee feel any better at this point because I love her and the timing couldn't be worse. ..On top of it all without the booze I'm a pretty emotional person probably one of the reasons that dragged me down the booze road. ..Vent over.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 49 days!!  ..Life sure does throw some curveballs. Im sorry that you are having relationship issues at this moment. ..I have found it helpful to remember that i cant control other people - or most things happening that are external to me. So i control what i can which is how i view and react to a situation - how even when things externally goto shit we have the capacity to focus on something else. ..I hope this is somehow helpful. I thinkneven when things go south in a relationship it can be used to bring a positive. A mental test of sorts to keep improving even if things arent perfect. So im here to support you and i hope things get better and stay on track for you. 
I read somewhere on here that once we get sober the people who love us get the strength or bravery to stand up and tell us how hurt they are or were by our behaviour. Its like they can get all the reactions off their chest now we are present and able to listen. Not sure uf this helps but i can tell you there is nothing here that drinking is going to make better... be strong just for one day with me? IWNDWYT.  
There's nothing you mentioned in your vent that couldn't be made worse by relapsing.  I force that thought on myself now whenever I hit a rocky patch and consider the bottle.  ..IWNDWYT 
I would SO remain sober.  Guess it would be a pride thing for me.
That sucks :( my husband and I went thru a honeymoon phase where we were both so delighted I wasn't drunk all the time. But then once we took alcohol out of our relationship suddenly there was no scapegoat for our problems anymore and it got hard again. We're working on it...You may want to check out /r/alanon to get an idea of some of the emotional and mental turmoil humans go thru when they are in a relationship with an addict. It fucking sucks having been on both sides. I'm not surprised she's reached her max. Even getting sober can trigger more emotions for her like "why now and not before?". Sounds like she need some time to process her own emotions...I think addiction and sobriety are both such selfish things (positive and negative) that it's easy for us to forget how we affect our loved ones emotionally while we were drowning ours. And then we stop drinking and pop back up and things are changing very quickly for us but our partners are still traumatized and there was really no big significant shift in *their* lives like in ours. Plus relapse is a worry for everyone involved...It's absolutely valid for you to be frustrated just wanted to play devil's advocate.
I did some damage in my relationship with my wife. When I got sober I started to feel better like a new person. But she was still hurt after putting up with years of my bullshit. Me all of a sudden feeling better didn't change that. It took some time and a lot of work to start healing those wounds. Initially it was really tough I had a hard time seeing anything from her perspective. ..Above all though my sobriety is about me and making me a better person. I value and respect my sobriety because I value and respect myself. Remember that no matter what happens in your relationship. Value yourself. ..49 days is a great start keep going! 
