-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atgx9b/today_i_vow_to_stop_drinking_start_living/

From the outside looking in I have a good life; a 30 something mum of one beautiful boy a great relationship a job I enjoy and lots of free time spent with friends and family. To the outsider I've got my shit together; a happy life spent well; I look after my appearance I'm active I eat well (maybe a little too obsessive over the  new' food fads out there!); I'm upbeat and positive around others... but all is not what it seems... ..I've struggled with alcohol addiction probably for the last 10 years. It all started in my early 20s where  going out' and socialising became my number one priority; boozy nights with friends not remembering much about the night before the next morning; the dread when you look at your phone to see who you've text rang... the raging hangovers (although they weren't that bad then!)... they've got significantly worse and so has the drinking dependency! I can write a whole day off nowadays and the migraines?! Well they're something else! In 2006 (during a boozy night out no less) I met my partner; nights out were our thing until... along came my beautiful boy a few years later. ..Then social drinking became drinking at home; not drinking in the day; but as my boy grew older it was customary to open a bottle of wine while cooking dinner in the evening and before I knew it! Whoops! Where's that gone?! I'll have to open another... ..This has continued to the point now where it's completely put my partner off drinking where's he's practically teetotal; yet I'm still going! It's now a habit; years of opening a couple of bottles of wine an evening; how very civilised!! I dread to think how much I've spent over the years; as a  quick trip' to the shops adds up (you can't just go in and buy wine can you?!) and today as I sit on my bed nursing yet another hangover with the curtains drawn while the sun is shining outside and my boy is sitting in his room playing computer games when he should be outside enjoying this fabulous weather; I'm vowing to STOP! ..I'm not the best version of me that I could be; I'm tired overweight puffy... hair and makeup and a good outfit do wonders the outsiders don't have a clue BUT I do; my partner does my son probably does as well. Life is too short to spend it hungover; I'm sick and tired of feeling like this and I vow to STOP! Today! Now to get dressed pounding head or not and get outside and enjoy today!!! ..Any inspiration words of wisdom would be amazing; I will keep checking in... #day1oftherestofmylife
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story. I to will be calling today the first day of my life free from the "drug" called alcohol. 1 day at a time.
Getting educated on the truth about alcohol has helped me tremendously. Once I uncovered all the lies I believed about alcohol it's made it so much easier to pass on the poison. There are so many resources find the one that works for you! For me AA scared the $#!+ out of me but reading books and this sub Reddit helped ton. I would plug the book and website I use but last time they took down my post. I think on community info there is a list of books. You can do this! I didn't think I could after so many years of wishing this drinking demon away but doing something different this time (telling my close family about my problem reading journaling staying committed to loving myself) has helped immensely. I will not drink with you today!
Welcome! You can do this!! I am only on day 5 and it hasn't been easy but this sub has helped so much even if it's just to track your thoughts. Each day is getting a bit easier. .Also the book The Naked Mind by Annie Grace is an excellent read! .Good luck! .I will not drink with you today :) 
