-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atlgxs/dae_struggle_with_the_semantics_of_being_an/

I've been thinking about this a lot lately. I am a little over 9 months sober and I have been following the programme of AA (though am arriving to the conclusion that it may not be the best option for me)...Something feels wrong about calling myself an 'alcoholic' but I'm not sure if I'm just being a pedantic/semantic fool. I drank very heavily for a number of years and by anyone's standards I was drinking alcoholically. Since getting sober I have zero temptation to drink. I have been tested (social events lovers who drank house stocked with booze for other people) and I don't want to drink anymore. ..Do you have any thoughts? Am I just an alcoholic coming to terms with the label? Or is it possible that I abused the stuff for long enough and now am a 'regular'/well person who doesn't drink?..Labels are hard. Regardless of what I am IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I don't like labels either but I do know this conclusively: alcohol is a problem substance for me. Once I begin to consume it I get caught in a cycle that is very difficult for me to break so the phrase  it is easier to stay sober than to get sober' is very true for me. If that defines me as an alcoholic that's fine. If not that's fine too. I usually say I have a drinking problem because a problem suggests a solution is needed and I feel I have identified my solution. My problem can return if my solution is implemented correctly. I don't care for the fact that I have to introduce myself as an  alcoholic' at AA however I am there for the people and the ideals of the program. If that is the price of admission I am fine with it. Just my take my friend best to you! Take care!
My own take is that it really doesn't matter whether I am an alcoholic or just a non-alcoholic who abuses alcohol. There were enough behaviours (finding it hard to stop at a reasonable number of drinks drinking alone drinking before going out etc.) that probably indicated alcoholism but two months later I have almost no temptations (except in certain situations). I also had no withdrawal to speak of. So maybe I am just an abuser... ..Either way I am happy to be a non-drinker and I really don't get fussed with the label. It was a problem for me and that was enough to make me want to stop.
Labels are hard but once the brain associates alcohol with a relief and a second drink as a relief from any ill effects of the first drink I generally categorize that as alcoholism; Although I see alcoholism as a spectrum not as a yes/no dichotomy.  ...I think the stigma of an alcoholic is a greasy homeless dude buying 40's in the morning to relieve his shakes. For me alcoholic is anyone who's consumption of alcohol causes them a problem.  ...In the same sense I consider someone who smokes two packs a day or just three cigarettes a day to be a "smoker" although they may fit as individuals somewhere differently on the spectrum of being a smoker they are both smokers.  ...Having said all that I am not an AA proponent and am not currently a member of AA and I also don't care for the label alcoholic because I don't want to invoke the imagery of the stereotype in people's mind. I just tell a more specific truth once I start drinking I almost never stop drinking for the day and I predictably cause problems so I've committed to not drinking and I am currently not entertaining any illusions that that will change because I've taken breaks from alcohol before and I always end up back to where I was. IWNDWYT
my "inner lawyer" had a great time with this.  Kept me drinking for a while longer.....Truth is it doesn't matter what I call it - it was bad - it was fucking up my life - I needed to stop.  In AA I identify myself as "an alcoholic and much more".
There's no requirement to identify as an "alcoholic". ..I change up what I say such "Hi I'm PG  grateful to be sober today!";  or "I'm PG and I will not have a drink today!"......If the label is not useful to me I don't use it.
The term alcoholic is a terrible one and I don't use it or call myself that.  I was addicted to alcohol.  I was addicted to nicotine.  I am free of both now though I know if I start using either again their addictive natures will be hooked right back into me...Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD) is a much better and more accurate description of what happens to us.  But the idea of a special case alcoholic who is different from normal people has been around so long and is still used even within the group itself so the proper medical term is unlikely to gain popularity any time soon.
I struggled with the label alcohol for a few years. In my case it was a waste of time. I kept wondering if I had crossed the line and become an alcohol or had I gotten away with it. Turns out there is no actual line. I've learned that I'd alcohol is a problem it's a problem. For me alcohol was a problem end of. ..In my opinion once we get into problematic drinking I couldn't just have the one. My brain chemistry and wiring had changed and I believe that I will now never be able to drink  normally anymore...And that's okay.! Moderation is really difficult and exhausting. They call it mental gymnastics and it's true if you have to put rules or a system in place that Rain Man would have difficultly following the you are not really in control alcohol is...I'm not a fan of AA as I am not powerless over alcohol and I believe that there is no right or wrong way to get sober we just need to take action! Iwndwyt 
I had a pretty serious drinking problem.  Drinking every single day.  Blacking out most evenings.  I don't do that anymore.  Hopefully I'm done with moderation attempts and I'll never drink again...After swimming through a river of shit to get to this other side called total abstinence I absolutely do not want someone labeling me an alcoholic.  But that's just me...iwndwyt..&amp;#x200B;
No. I've never taken a drink WITHOUT the intention of getting drunk. For me there's no clever narrative out of that.... I'm a drunk and any time my mind tries to tell me otherwise I'm in big trouble. 
Labels are for cans!
The medical community has dropped the term and uses Alcohol Use Disorder now. Alcoholic is primarily used as a term of convenience now. Personally I see it as I had an addiction to alcohol but when I stopped using the addiction ended. I have a life long problem with alcohol and I will never be able to use alcohol safely. ..Some groups want to call themselves alcoholics and some people refuse to label themselves. Some need meetings others do not. Some manage it one day at a time and others prefer forever. Some like it to be big and central to their lives and others want their past alcohol addiction to be small and insignificant. It is really about what works for you but the common thread is "don't drink".
I don't call myself an alcoholic or an addict.  Alcohol was a substance that didn't add anything positive to my life so I stopped consuming it.  I don't feel the need to label it.
Yes absolutely. I know that I have had serious alcohol abuse issues pretty much during my entire drinking "career." ..I never wanted to call myself an "alcoholic" because 
I struggle saying I'm an alcoholic. I don't know why.  It's weird.  I prefer sober. 
I find the term to be problematic for a number of reasons.  For me the line of reasoning went like this well if I'm not an alcoholic then I can keep drinking and if I am an alcoholic then I can't help it so might as well drink!  Now that I don't drink I don't have to worry about that kind of stuff anymore.  :)
I struggled to call myself an alcoholic because I wasn't as bad as others in my family who were definitely alcoholics. I wasn't like them - I never got a DUI never lost my job never went to jail never got evicted etc. ..There is a quote the elevator only goes in one direction   straight down.  The good news is that you can get off at any time.  ..That really resonated with me. After trying to quit and failing a few times I realized that my drinking was a problem that had slowly been getting worse over the years. I could ignore it and continue to drink and in another 3 years or 5 years or 10 years or at some point in the future I'd end up turning into a "real" alcoholic just like my relatives. Or I could get off the elevator early.....I still struggle to call myself an alcoholic but I know that my life is better when I'm sober. ..I will not drink with you today!
The label has done untold harm ...as people decide not to address problematic drinking just because of the baggage around the label.
nah I don't call myself an alcoholic. I just don't drink. That's all I ever have to tell anyone I don't even have to give a reason. I just don't drink. If someone tries to pry further just ignore it or shoot them a look like really?!? It works! 
definitely. when i think of alcoholism i think of my father who had two kids and was a pill popping alcoholic. he used to take my 3 year old brother and me as a newborn into the bars he frequented and get loaded before heading home. he has also been out of a job for about 20 years and was recently kicked out of his apartment because he would prefer to buy alcohol than pay rent. i wasn't there yet. i was "functional" enough to be deluded about how much regular drinking impacted me. i lost all of my friends because i would prefer to drink or get stoned at home alone. but i had a job and a roof over my head. some people even think i'm funny and i still have some friends that tolerate me. but i wasn't doing what i wanted. i was day drinking all the time and not making art. pleasure seeking because my life had been so painful. it wasn't a problem though it was always something else (a social lubricant a way to treat myself etc). the more time i spend sober the more i have to think about how much drunk driving i actually did the more i see the severity of my problem. and i'm grateful to be able to say that i can finally see it i am an alcoholic.
