-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atm3in/lapse_and_mental_repercussions/

Long story short after 2.5 years of complete sobriety I had a couple beers and the day after felt pretty much fine (Note that in the past I had drank to medicate anxiety and things had gotten unmanageable). The weekend after I partook in a night of drinking with my brother and some friends. I probably drank about a six pack and 2 shots. The day after all the anxiety depression and racing thoughts cane rushing back. It really does happen. .A week later I still have a headache (or brain ache) and am still experiencing a bit of anxiety and some racing thoughts. I know I'm dumb for testing myself and I can say that that will be my last drink ever. Has anyone had a similar experience? Hopefully I will get back to a more stable mindset sooner than later???.I hope that this might help someone and discourage a lapse or relapse. It's just not worth it guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Likewise. 2 years sober. Relapse last weekend. Had 6 pints and a glass of wine. Now 6 days later im feeling normal again. The anxiety skyrocketed and had to fight to keep the urge to drink away. Went to an AA meeting an got much of it off my chest. Several phonecalls. Visits to friends and family and keep nothing hidden. Stay safe my friend.
Im in a similar situation where I was drinking to self medicate my anxiety. Even if it was just a couple beers a night it seemed to help. My question is how much did your anxiety improve over those 2.5 years. I'm on 12 days sober and I got close to having an anxiety attack this morning. I have prescribed Xanax for that reason but I try hard to never take them more than needed. 
I had mostly panic attacks and Social anxiety. My panic attacks went totally away even though i quit antidepressants and benzos. I relapsed because of anxiety and depression got worse lately. Tried AA for a while and i am going to attend meetings in the future. Kept anxiety and depression in check approximetly a year after i went into first rehab. My experince is that alcohol will make my anxiety much worse and i have to work on anxiety and depression by going to psychologist and attend meetings push myself to be social and not isolate myself wich i tend to do.
