-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atr15r/advice_about_supportingdealing_with_hubby/

I'm on a path to not drinking. I've had a moderate addiction for 20+ years and am tired of it. I've gone good stretches of time without - though 30 days is my max. I'm really trying to get to longer and longer stretches until it isn't an issue anymore. Recently I've been doing better and better - but just regrettably had a beer last night. You all have been a great community to check in with and get inspiration from. ..The thing I could use your help with is some strategies to either help my husband or help me deal with my husband. He is a heavier drinker than I about 4 -6 IPAs a day more on some weekends And sometimes zero per night during the week. Part of my inspiration to quit is to help him be inspired to quit. I know  he has to do it  and all but there has got to be a way I can support him. ..I've talked to him about how I want to quit and that I want him to do the same. I have brought it up in a way that he doesn't get defensive and agrees he needs to do something about his behavior. Weve talked about different strategies: books groups seeing the Dr etc. We've had this talk many many times. And yet the addiction keeps a strong hold on him and his  actions  to quit have been non-existent. ..My concerns are that we have little kids and they know when he acts differently. He's a very fun nice drunk but also clumsy and unhelpful. Tonight I got home and he was with the kids already quite heated. At bedtime it is all on me to get the kids to sleep: which is not the case when he hasn't had too many. He wants to just play and get them riled up then I have to be the strict mom that makes them go to bed. He becomes one of them that I'm bossing around and reminding it is time to settle down and go to bed. ..I want him to be the best version of himself like I want to be the best version of myself. I want us to be amazing parents and for us to be healthy examples for our kids. And I know it is a struggle so I don't expect him to just flip a switch. So I need some of your help in figuring out how to help him - or for me to cope with him. ..I have read that one way to help someone get the idea they need to change is to not join them when they drink- go for a walk don't hang out with them etc. But my husband gets drunk at home and I can't just leave the house with the kids at bed time.  How can I deal with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

Can you talk to him when he is sober about how his drinking impacts parenting and getting the kids to bed? I don't know if that would just cause a fight or defensiveness. Only you might have a feel for your situation. Mainly I know for me I wouldn't listen to anyone and especially not my husband about my own drinking. So he might not be ready to accept that there is a problem and just ignores what you say. Al anon might offer you some good tips-it's for family members of alcoholics . They have a Reddit too I think. That sounds like a frustrating situation. Best wishes.
If you are powerless over your own drinking why would you have any control over his?..The best you could possibly do is be the attraction rather than the promotion. You can focus on your own sobriety and manage it and if he sees something he wants then maybe he will be inspired to do the same. However pep talks begging manipulation etc none of that will work if he isn't willing to quit...For insight into powerlessness over his drinking try /r/Alanon...I wish you luck.
I also have a husband who is a heavy/daily drinker. It was something we used to do together.  I've been sober since 1/1/19.  There have been many of my own challenges along the way but I feel better than I have in years. Now that I'm no longer in an alcohol fog I see how messed up .my husband is.  I wish I had some advice for you.  But you are not alone.  So far I have been walking away when he is drunk in the evening. I don't watch tv with him I'll go read in bed instead. If he's plastered at the dinner table I won't engage in conversation I get up and do the dishes as soon as I am done.  There is no kiss goodnight if he reeks of vodka. I am cordial and don't start an argument as there's no point in having a discussion with a drunk. And I behave normally towards him when he is sober.  It's my hope that he'll be inspired by my success and begin his own journey towards sobriety but I won't hold my breath. I think we have to just save ourselves and wait and see what happens...Good luck my friend I will not drink with you today...
I have no advice as I'm in the same boat. Only difference is our child is grown and out of the house. I wanted to offer you a huge internet hug and thank you for posting this question.  
