-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atr9z0/first_day_sober_noticed_a_lot/

So you guys were here for my first post a little less than I day ago. I've been thinking a lot today. I've battled my hangover all day and played  pretend I'm not hungover  at work. Again...Here's some thoughts: I've been envisioning in my head being sober for at least two years now. I keep imagining myself in social situations and having to say  I can't drink right now . I was looking at it from a view of lack rather than a view of gain. It *is* much better to say  I will not drink with you today.  This puts the choice back in my hands instead of the nails alcohol digs into me...I'm scared of my alcoholism. Looking back I've done some really fucking stupid things. And I black out every. time. I saw the same play again today (partner scored free tickets so we went together) and I realized I *actually* don't remember the second half of the play. It was honestly like seeing it for the first time...I told my partner that I lied about driving drunk last night. I said I'd taken an Uber. He used to be a paramedic and I  knew  how mad he would be. He wasn't. He forgave me immediately. I told him I have a problem and I wanted to get sober. He struggles with anxiety and depression and alcohol exacerbates it. He said he thinks it would be good for him to cut out alcohol too so we both decided to be sober. At the play we drank water even though everyone around us was drinking...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I take it day by day. That's why I check in with groups every day. Even after years it's still too easy to mentally spin out of control and worry about the future about vacations etc. I have reframed that worry. to me worrying like that is in some way planning my own relapse and the longer I do this the more and more this "not today" mentality makes sense. 
IWNDWYT 
I hope the two of you can really encourage each other. It isn't easy but it's worth it.
