-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/atz7wl/wall_of_text_incoming/

Well I originally didn't want to spew my life story to the internet but here we are...I like many of my fellow "elder millennials" with neurodivergence / mental illness went undiagnosed for a long time. I was 30 before I found out I'm on the autism spectrum and even older before I started actually treating my depression and social anxiety instead of self-medicating. So I've only recently started trying to develop healthy coping mechanisms. I'm closer to age 40 now and my one remaining crutch is alcohol...Okay some relevant backstory: About 2 years ago I quit smoking. After several previously unsuccessful quitting attempts I finally admitted that alcohol was my hurdle to quitting. I'd often go all day or multiple days without a smoke until I got a drink in my hand then it would turn into a 2-pack night. I woke up the morning after one of these nights and decided I wasn't going to have another cigarette "cold turkey." No patches no gum no pills. I also wasn't going to have another drink for the foreseeable future. This is no lie the hardest thing I've ever done -- harder than running a 26.2 mile marathon...For about 4 months I didn't drink and consequently didn't socialize much either since all my friends hung out in bars and mainly ones that allowed smoking (yes such places still exist). My "FOMO" was in overdrive but I was running more and consequently lost about 15 pounds. My skin got better due to not being exposed to cigarette smoke and the inflammatory effects of alcohol all the time. My teeth got whiter. And I just felt better in general...Despite feeling better and looking better I still longed for when I could drink again. Lo and behold the day finally came. I thought "I've made all these healthy changes: running marathons going vegan quitting smoking losing some weight -- but at least I still have booze!" I reinforced my behavior with thoughts like "Well I can't give up ALL my vices!" I mean who does that? Surely life isn't living without ONE vice amirite? And if not nicotine or terrible food then obviously I could hold onto alcohol. I was entitled to!..Since then I have had to face some hard truths:..1. Drinking is self-medicating. I had fully admitted to myself that smoking was just as much if not more about having a "security blanket" for socialization than it was about the nicotine. If I felt overwhelmed I could simply slip outside for a cigarette. What I didn't fully realize was how big of a role alcohol played in that too: quieting the sensory overload of socializing and stripping away my inhibitions. After ditching cigarettes I leaned even heavier on alcohol to make up for it. ..2. I always liked drunk me better than sober me. My autism makes it hard for me to relate to people (at least now I know WHY this has always been a struggle) and social anxiety makes meeting new people less than fun sometimes. But when I'm drunk I can be the "me" I might be in an alternate universe -- that boisterous "life of the party" -- I can dance like nobody's watching and have the courage to approach someone I find attractive. I'm naturally introverted so while I actually do enjoy socializing sober me prefers to do it in smallish groups / chill settings. I'm worried that people will see the real me and realize I'm boring and uninteresting. I'm lucky to have a very understanding and patient romantic partner who supports any decision I make and spends the majority of his time with sober me...3. My mom just recently told me that 2 of my great uncles died from alcoholism-related conditions. This was just more confirmation that I should quit drinking maybe permanently -- or maybe eventually I can be one of those people who can drink one glass of wine and be fine with it. Right now though one glass is a slippery slope. I don't want to get caught in the same thought pattern as when I was quitting smoking and using being able to have a drink as my finish line. So for all intents and purposes I am now focusing on lifelong avoidance of alcohol...4. The whole attitude of "life isn't worth living without vices" is problematic too... It's strangely ironic how the things that supposedly make life worth living are usually things that are killing us. I was telling someone about how I finally overcame my unhealthy relationship with food by learning to see it as fuel for my body and not as a source of comfort of pleasure. Their response was basically "that's sad." People similarly think it's "sad" that I no longer associate poisoning myself via alcohol with enjoying life. I think my new "vices" will be something like buying first-class upgrades when I fly -- or some other method of treating myself that doesn't involve harming my body...5. Possibly the hardest hard truth: Alcohol has never been a net positive in my life. For every "epic drunk story" there was a blackout night that scared me (once I even drove home) a time I'm pretty sure I was drugged and barely escaped a time I was actually assaulted (which absolutely NOT have happened to sober me) too many hangovers from hell several consensual but still less than smart sexual encounters and so much money literally pissed away...So yeah those are my thoughts and conclusions. I'm not sure if there was a point to all of this I guess I just needed to vent to people who might empathize. If you made it this far thanks so much for reading. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here and I can relate to much of what you said.  I can definitely relate to the need for alcohol for feeling better in social situations.  It really sucks how I became dependent on that crutch so much that I couldn't really have fun or be "myself" in a social setting without drinking.  Now after 20 years of drinking I have so many issues related to anxiety that I need to face come to terms with and overcome...some days it seems insurmountable.  I'm not sure if I will ever be anxiety free...like I was pre-drinking...which is sad to think about.  All I can do is a) stop perpetuating the cycle by drinking and b) start working on overcoming it.  I'm going to a therapist so I'm hoping that will help.  Also on  a medication.  We'll see...one day at a time.  IWNDWYT
As a neurodivergent elder millennial myself I deeply appreciate your post. It's so weird; I don't know you and I have no idea how alike we are other than some demographic information but I recognized so much of myself in your story even though some of the details are different. It's so important that we share our stories so that ourselves and others feel less alone and alienated. I thank you so much and I'm glad you're here.
Oh thank you for the reddit gold whoever you are!
