-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auo30q/accepted_i_have_a_problem_now_what/

Hi Everybody..First time posting here. I have started to accept that I have a drinking problem and I need to stop. I've been really struggling with finances and I realized that my drinking habit (going out cocktails craft beer was literally taking almost half of my pay check). I tried to do a sober January and made it just 13 days and fell right back into my old routine of drinking daily (usually at least three)...I've noticed I'm much more motivated by booze than my friends. Can't go skiing with out Apres can't go mountain biking with out beers in the parking lot. If we go out with friends I need atleast three drinks whether it is dinner or if it is to party. While it hasn't creeped into impacting my professional life. I can tell my relationship with Alcohol is trending in a negative direction. Right now I'm struggling with my finances and when I check my bank account almost 50 percent of my pay check goes to booze/going out. I don't have money for paying off my credit card or starting a savings but I do always have money to spend 50 dollars on fancy cocktails. I'm not keeping up my half of the home expenses and it's negatively impacting my relationship...I recently read this artcle about the famous Montreal restauranteur David McMillan who owns Joe Beef and gave up drinking. It really resonated. [https://www.bonappetit.com/story/david-mcmillan-sober](https://www.bonappetit.com/story/david-mcmillan-sober) Particularly his opening line: "I was never falling-down drunk. I was never belligerent. I always got my work done. I was never unkempt. I was always clean I was always shaved I always performed at work. I was always kind and gracious in the dining room. But I lived in hell."..It made me realize that alcohol abuse comes in many forms and that I definitely do not have a healthy relationship with it. So I am hear to say that I have a drinking problem and I want to stop but am looking for guidance on how?..One realization I have had is that much of my life is built around booze. My girlfriend and love to explore new restaurants and breweries we have our favorite wine bar that we go to for date nights our favorite pub that we go to for comfort food drinking while we cook dinner at home is a common occurrence. When we travel to a new city our favorite thing to do is explore the local joints eating and drinking our way around the city. It's a big part of our relationship...Additionally much of my life outside of work involves drinking even the mountain bike advocacy group I am a part of has a beer sponsor our trail nights end in beers at the trail head our meetings are held at the up stairs of a local bar. Drinking is just part of what we do...I'm looking for advice on ways to quit specifically:..1. For me I feel like the easiest solution would be to remove my self from situations that involve booze until I am sober. But the reality is that I can't do it. It would remove me from my partner remove me from my friends and remove me from organizations and social settings that are all positives in my life..2. Are there good online resources and community that I can use? Where can I start? I'm not really a person for support groups and have found online communities to be a huge help with other issues..3. What has worked for you? Specifically to get through that first 30 days?
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I come here every day still. I dont read *as* much now but I still check in multiple times daily. It is my only resource. IWNDWV
So far three weeks in I just stopped going to the places I usually drink or hangout with the people I usually drink with and I haven't made my sobriety a secret.  ...I told my partner I was quitting alcohol and they were still welcome to drink and have it in the house but that absolute unit of an angel that is my partner has not brought a single alcoholic beverage home so far and I wont be bothered when they do because they're a normal person who hardly ever drinks at all and when they do can usually drink just one call it good and forget about alcohol for weeks after that. You know like a normal person.  ...So far reading and posting here every day has been my resource for recovery along with reading the book Alcohol Explained which I'd recommend to anyone. IWNDWYT
I'm in the same place and I'm considering doing a sober March with a roommate. A lot of my social life contains alcohol or is surrounding such which is hard with my social group. I feel like it's becoming necessary to stop short term if not forever which I'm trying to find a way to do. I've never been belligerent calling out of work daily etc but that doesn't mean it's not effecting my body or mind. Much love 
I found the same issues when it came to alcohol I was always justifying to my wife that I woke up every morning and did my work. I was meeting all my expectations well to myself I was. I assumed my wife enjoyed drinking as much as me we had parties that revolved around drinking dinner dates movie nights hell just about anytime I could I'd sip. I was a functioning alcoholic just like the rest of us. I believe the hardest issue for me was my helplessness to alcohol. You'll never avoid it. In a culture where it's predominantly glamorized and encouraged we must find the sole reason why we can't drink anymore. I relapsed 4x and went through 2 rehabilitations centers none of which gave me the reason to quit drinking. For me I was dying I'd rather spend the years I have left with my family sober and alive then micromanaging a habit that was slowly killing me and the relationships I had around me. My wife drinks on occasions and I can be around alcohol because I know for one second if I believe that I can manage it normally I've lost. ..One day you'll look back and think  I would be hammered right now  or out to dinner with your wife and see a drunk individual and think  That used to be me . ..From my experience I was a much better husband to my wife I found a love outside of alcohol with her it's allowed us to have meaningful and in-depth conversations we most likely wouldn't have had if I were drinking and I have a real passion for life outside of alcohol. ..Maybe changing some events or routines in your life wouldn't hurt your relationship in a bad way. Find activities through hiking art or community work. If every time you thought about drinking and instead of sitting with it wrote a positive encouraging comment on a thread like this to encourage someone else they too can change themselves. It only takes one day one day for you to change the outcome of your future. ..My last comment is for anyone who is struggling right now please reach out and get help. You're not weak you're not alone. ..God speed! 
Money I've spent on alcohol is insane this weekend I spent over 250 just on alcohol 
Good that you've been honest to yourself. You've seen the evidence and seen it for what it is. For myself that was a big step a cornerstone. I was doubtful or sometimes tried to avoid seeing my problem. Easier to keep with the familiar. I was the same kind of drinker as David McMillan. Hiding it not many could tell unless they knew me well like my ex-girlfriend. I did my work well it all looked good on the outside but I was drinking daily. There were problems accumulating in the background I could have kept it going longer but I knew eventually it would have all collapsed. I decided to turn my boat before that. Getting on the path toward sobriety has been the best thing I have done to myself for years. I don't know why I was so afraid of it...1. You are right. With alcohol  out of sight out of mind  is not the solution we encounter it all around. It's easier to change ourselves than the world. During my first night out sober my friends who didn't understand me got over it very quickly it even inspired them to try have some sober weekends as well. Kind of crazy. It's really not that hard. You do it once or twice and you don't even care about it any longer. Think how you will respond if someone offers it to you. What you are going to tell other people? Getting sober is a bit of a puzzle. Piece by piece. One day at a time...2. This subreddit   It's been amazing for me..3. When I stopped drinking it of course left me to figure out what to do now. First it was unfamiliar boring stressful but day by day I started to find those routines that replaced the hole that drinking left behind. Piece by piece. Going to the gym has been my pillar of strength. Also a huge thing for me has been my improving finances. Being sober you are also more present in your relationship. Work feels more rewarding and easy. And just overall you now have all your time money energy and senses available.   How great is that? It starts slow but you gain momentum. It's like whatever I want to do now. It all seems a lot easier to achieve...(Additional tip: buy a strong B vitamin complex in the early days. Effervescent tabs are the best in terms of absorption (e.g. Berocca). Alcohol flushes B vitamins out of your brain and central nervous system very effectively. They affect your mood energy levels and detoxification. Replenishing those vitamins quickly gives you a boost)
Once I accepted that I had a problem I became open and willing to seek a solution.  I found the solution in Alcoholics Anonymous.  I have worked the 12 steps with a sponsor and have not found it necessary to have a drink for 644 consecutive days (including holidays nights and weekends).  I am grateful that I have a choice today.  For so many years that was not the case for me.  Now I sponsor men througb the same 12 steps that saved my life...It is my hope and prayer that you will find a solution that works for you. 
Pick up Annie Graces book the 30 day alcohol experiment. 
Online:  The Alcohol Experiment by Annie Grace.  It's 30 days short videos and private journaling to help you examine your relationship with alcohol.  It's very eye opening as is her book This Naked Mind...This wonderfully supportive sub.  ..Best wishes to you!  You will not regret kicking this to the curb!
For me it was a mind shift that made it possible to quit drinking. I read this naked mind and the 30 day sobriety solution and  I did loads of self hypnosis on YouTube (https://youtu.be/zM5ynnc7f4o). After a few weeks of doing this daily I found myself not wanting to drink anymore. Because I had apparently reprogrammed my mind.  I still met the same people and did the same things just ordered coke or water instead of wine and beer. Thankfully for me this works well. I am well aware though that this is not a solution for everyone. .Anywaystotally recommend those books and the selfhypnosis. Best of luck to you! 
