-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auohq7/6_weeks/

Six weeks since I had a drink. That night I more or less blacked out. It was far from the first time. When I woke up I found my wife with the same disappointed look. We'd talked about it and talked about it but it would always get away from me. 5 drinks always became 10 before I could stop myself. I'm never "feeling" drunk until it's too late. The difference was that morning I didn't apologize or say I'll drink less I told her I would stop...&amp;#x200B;..And I have - going on 7 weeks now. Sometimes it feels like a big accomplishment especially in New York City but I make a point of checking myself and reminding myself that if I'm serious about sobriety it's just the beginning. It's still something though and more than I thought I was capable of for a long time. It makes me sad to think about that - that I actually thought life wasn't possible without drinking. It's incredible to see how alcohol can warp your mind - now less than 2 months without it I see what a small thing it really can be. Hard to believe I didn't recognize that as addiction right then and there. It's also such a big part of the social world in this city but it turns out if you've got seltzer or kombucha in your hand instead of a beer nobody even notices...&amp;#x200B;..I'm only 28 and as an American that might seem a bit young to wonder if you have a drinking problem. But I know that itch I get after the first sip and it means I don't want to stop until I go to sleep. I got tired of fighting it and tired of being fucked up for so much of my waking life...&amp;#x200B;..Plus sobriety is cool! It feels way better than expected. Life is less flat the whole landscape changes once your day to day life is not punctuated with drinking...&amp;#x200B;..I'd be lying if I said this has been some big struggle - I think I'm lucky in that I am getting out before I have too much physical dependency. Nevertheless r/stopdrinking has absolutely helped me on my way so far and it's really great to see such a positive community on the internet. Here's to you guys!..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats. I'm in the middle of another relapse (sober right now) but I'm waiting for my doctor to get back to me so I can detox again without having withdrawals. If it wasn't dangerous just uncomfortable then I could handle it. If inpatient was an option for me I'd give it a shot but this time around I think I might really try to get involved with more people in recovery. 
Thank you for your story! I appreciate the inspiration on my fist day since deciding I am no longer going to drink. 
I really relate to this. Thanks for sharing! 
