-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/auroiv/a_little_bit_about_leafy/

Okay I have something to say to you guys. My brothers and sisters all over the world...&amp;#x200B;..I've been on and off and am struggling with the mental aspect of my addiction. I got about 26-27 days up before Christmas Eve and since then have been gradually sliding... 5 days off then a bottle of wine. 4 days off then a bottle of wine. ..&amp;#x200B;..I can make all the excuses I can think of. My husband is a daily drinker. My stepchildren - my husband has primary care - are a nightmare of behavioural issues. My husband is not a pro-active parent and is buried in work most of the time so I bear much of that weight. I had to take out a restraining order on my husband's ex to protect me and my children from her. The healing from her psychological targeting of me has been slow and deep. (FYI - there was no infidelity. I met my husband long after they'd broken up.) I appeared as a pivotal witness in several huge Family Court trials - one of which ended up being reported in the media. We run our own business. Yes I have lots of excuses... I get stressed. But other people suffer much more greatly than me and for all the stressors in my life there are balancing factors. We live in a beautiful place near the ocean and the rainforest. I have strong supportive loving friendships. I have an active spiritual life. I am healthy and whole and so are my children. I can afford little treats...&amp;#x200B;..If I make all those excuses nothing will change. Because I can always find a reason to drink. And I want change. I want to be free of this...&amp;#x200B;..I've had no dramatic consequences from drinking a bottle of wine a night apart from a few horrible fights with my husband and step-son. It's just... I drink too much and it makes me unhappy. I don't want to model that for my children. And I'm scared of where things might end up. ..&amp;#x200B;..Being addicted to a substance is totally incongruent with everything else about me. It's like a hoary hairy offensive creature dominating an otherwise beautiful clear energy field. Blobbing about and sliming on everything. But the thing is I don't seem to despise it enough to kick its disgusting arse out of my life for good. ..&amp;#x200B;..I haven't shared my story so I guess this is a little glimpse into what's going on for me. ..&amp;#x200B;..My intention in posting this is to expose myself a little and request that you guys help me hold myself accountable. ..&amp;#x200B;..Day One...&amp;#x200B;..Love from Leafy...&amp;#x200B;..PS - You're the best. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. Getting sober was the best damn thing I did for my kids and myself.  ..We've got your back and will walk the path of sobriety with you. Iwndwy
Thanks for your story- that is my story as well with a few bingey nights out with gin and tonics. My family kind of refused to believe I had a problem so I really had to do it just for me. I think this time around they get it (yeah especially after my 22-year-old had to bundle me into an uber to get me home after a night out- I don't want to imagine what would have happened if she hadn't done that. Talk about not wanting to be a bad role model for you kid Jeez.) For me I have to say it is a problem if it feels like one. And it gets easier. Good luck and I will not drink with you today!
Welcome. IWNDWYT 
Hi Leafy I found you. Thank you for pointing me over here. You are so very brave. The stress that you have been/are under must be phenomenal.  ..It feels like today is different doesn't it? You have bravely loosened the lid and released some of the pent up emotion here. I hope that you can feel that relief. I am with you all the way my friend. ..You have a fight on your hands with all that is going on in your life. You also have a lot of resources at your disposal - I can hear your strength. I believe that slowly one day at a time you will make this work...If you ever want an ear message me anytime. I know that we are in different time zones but we share a friendship now xox
I hear this as a mother. It's just hard even when things are going well. Every time I get tempted due to stress  I think that   well maybe I don't really have a problem since it's been two weeks  and then get sick on a bottle. But now I'm finding that jumping on this website or reading a few pages from the naked mind book get me back on track at hating alcohol and recognizing that it never helps with stress anyway. 
It's hard but we can do it. For our kids for ourselves. IWNDWYT 
Go     leafy! Good on you with your awareness of yourself and your situation. Someone recently shared that they set small goals (I.e. 10 days 30 days 45 etc) along with a reward at each one (manicure dinner out new shoes) - I kind of liked that and thought that would be a good thing to try for my future milestones!!!what do you think? Good luck on your journey! Glad you are here! 
Hey Leafy! Here it is  
