-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avd9yq/update_3_im_the_guy_that_got_a_1yr_jail_sentence/

I have had an awesome first month of sobriety! Today is 31 days without alcohol and I wanted to update you fine people on my journey. My original post and updates can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bk8ry/my_last_drink_earned_me_a_1yr_jail_sentence_i_was)...First off I wanted to thank everybody for the outpouring of kindness positivity and support. You all are a great bunch of people. I also would like to thank certain personal friends who might be reading this as you have helped me more than you'll ever know and I love you all!..Everything I do and every choice I make is for MY health MY happiness and MY well-being. It might sound selfish but I've learned it's okay to be selfish sometimes. However I share my story so I can maybe help even one person who is going through similar circumstances. I want to tell that person that you can indeed turn your life around. If you're anything like me you might have heard people tell you that in the past or something like "it keeps getting better" well let me you that things really can improve if you proactively work to change things. It might be stupid but [This](https://imgur.com/2DksFLQ.jpg) really got stuck in my head and I decided to try harder than I ever have before to improve my situation. ..I'll keep with the tradition of writing this while on the bus to work. As I mentioned in my previous update I am staying at a shelter but have to sleep outside as I'm being ["punished"](https://imgur.com/O1NG6GJ.jpg) It rained ALL NIGHT last night and I got next to no sleep but I'm not even mad. It's going to be my fault 2 reminder to never go back to the alcoholic lifestyle. Because this morning as I put away the overly used mat that's even [too shitty](https://imgur.com/J7iCYrV.jpg) to be used at the jail next door I realize it's the last time I'll have to do it. No more security checkpoints with metal detectors and bag checks no more curfew no more 6:30am wakeup call and being forced to put your bedding away even though it's your day off and you've only been asleep for a few hours because you worked late last night no more having to constantly keep a backpack with me 24/7 with my expensive property that I don't want stolen no more having to worry about a security guard having a bad day and taking it out on you. No more only showering at the gym after work and on days off. No more drunken homeless people arguing over nothing and waking you up at 2am. Nothing can bother me today. ..I've been working overtime all month and got a few of the biggest checks I've ever received from a legal legitimate job. It was an awesome feeling! Oh and did I mention since I quit drinking I could actually save most of that money!? Crazy I know... But stick with me here. ..Last week I just randomly looked for ads needing a roommate and everything just fell into place. When I went looking I was still about a week out from payday so I only had about half of what I needed to move into a place. I was just browsing anyway to see what's out there. One in particular was just perfect! In my price range not far from work private bathroom so I emailed the guy. After some back and hearing a little bit about me he decided on just a deposit to show I was serious and not going to flake on him. Which he then applied to 1st month's rent and I only needed the balance of that 1st month to move in. No 1st last and security type of thing. He had legal trouble in the past so didn't care about the felony he just wanted to help somebody out that legitimately needed it. So I jumped on that! ..Now the room isn't furnished and I have pretty much nothing as far as furniture goes but I don't care! It's inside and I won't have to worry about checking the weather forecast to figure out how much sleep I'll get before work tomorrow. Here's puzzle piece #2: a good friend of mine who's pretty much supported me no matter what got a new bed last week and saved his old one. It's a very nice full size memory foam mattress. (HUGE UPGRADE from what I've been used to lately lol). He's giving it to me for free! ..I was never a huge fan of the Higher Power in AA but I gotta admit... It was rather strange how the stars aligned for me. If you're in doubt that your life improves exponentially after you stop drinking and actually try to fix things just look at me. This time last year I was waiting to see if I was going to Prison or not. ..I went to the front desk turned in my ID turned in my small plastic tote I had to condense my life down into checked out and walked out through that metal detector one last time. Only this time I wouldn't be coming back as I'm no longer homeless! ..I'm walking into work now and afterwards I'll be going to Walmart for a few things and then heading to my new home. I've been waiting almost 6 months to write this update and if you've been keeping track I almost didn't get to. ..Thank you all so much for everything and if you're struggling just know that you can improve your situation! Life can get better for you! ..Let's not drink together today!
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great post. It's amazing how we are truly the authors of our own story when we make changes. I'm not currently active in AA but some of their sayings never leave me; *just keep doing the next right thing.* Even if it's as simple as choosing not to drink. ..Sounds like you're consciously doing the next right thing and taking control of your life story. You deserve a warm bed and home. You deserve to make the most of your potential and share your good sober self with the world. ..Congratulations and have sweet dreams of your bright future in your new bed! *Hugs*
Sobriety leaves us chances to upgrade our lives that we would never have had or noticed if we still drank. I'm  happy for you.Way to go.I will not drink with you today  
So glad to hear that this "when it rains it pours" metaphorical situation was warm rain :) (not the actual rain that's horrible) ..If you have a friend with a truck and can wait a few more months for other furniture I recommend hanging around student housing and college campuses during move out time...it is *incredible* what people will throw out. I live in an apartment with a big student population and every Dec and April/May there is a huge amount of furniture that appears next to the dumpster of all types. Couches dressers end tables dining chairs desks you name it I've seen it. My 2 cats have 4 full-size cat trees and another 2 half sized one. I only bought 1 and I've lived in this appt for 3 years...
good luck to you man - great post!  ..IWNDWYT!
I'm so happy for you!  Congratulations!  IWNDWYT
Great update! I am so happy for you.
Heck yeah man!! Great news and enjoy your new place!!
Good luck to you and many more blessings. You got this!!! Enjoy your beautiful life. 
Congratulations that's amazing! IWNDWYT! 
This is awesome! Everything happens for a reason! I hope you keep updating us on your positive progress.
I really needed to read this today.  Thanks so much for taking time to write it!  You really helped me out.  Thanks man!
Tremendous!
Congrats man! This is awesome for you. Hard work paying of. High five! ..Remember Craigslist has a free section and some communities have their own buy/sell/give away groups on Facebook. Might be helpful! ..IWNDWYT!
Good on ya! ..Definitely been in a tight spot once or twice so keep positive and keep trucking.   Not going to steal your thunder here but if the pennies get low and hunger sets in - ping me and I'll happily buy you a pizza or two. 
As we said in 1980s London Slang..."That's well wicked!" :) (Good stuff!)
Congratulations. I didn't see your original post but I'm very happy for your success. Thank you for sharing.
This is awesome buddy good on ya for turning things around. Proud of ya.
Thank you for sharing..Good luck man..I will not drink with you today 
I'm so so happy for you. I believe in a higher power so I see the stars aligning for you from that perspective. Regardless of how it happened you have so much going for you with alcohol out of your life. It's just so great to read this. Take care!
I'm so happy for you! Thank you for your bravery and honesty. Sending you peace friend. IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing your story - you are an inspiration. Good luck in your new home.
You sound so elated and grateful! What an inspiration! Reading your story I feel happy proud hopeful and full of faith. Wishing you every happiness.  
I'm the mom of a great son. I accompanied him to the ED whilst he admitted himself for alcohol detox. Didn't miss a beat during his inpatient and outpatient program. He made it to day 80. Now he's "moderating". Feels that he can manage his intake. I think a "higher power" connection might have helped but it wasn't in his cards. He's still a great son/brother. If I could lift his burden I would. Here's to you hope that the stars keep aligning for you. 
This made me happy. Good job! Good things happen to people who are prepared for it. Those who aren't often miss them. While I drank I definitely wasn't prepared for anything and missed opportunities that I wish I had not. Luckily I can still go after them  ..IWNDWYT
Your positive attitude is very inspiring. I'm so happy for you. Keep it up!! Loving the updates.
Excellent Red! Congrats! I too am a firm believer in doing the work. Keep on making the next right decision. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Really happy for you man keep it up!
Very inspiring. Well done to you. GOD bless you further.
Wow - such an inspirational story! I'm in awe of your resolve. Just incredible. I can't imagine sleeping outside in the rain and still getting up to go to work and then working extra hours on top of that. You should be so proud. Keep up the great work. :) ..&amp;#x200B;
Congratulations to you! This is wonderful news!
WOOHOOOOOO!
This made me tear up I am so very happy for you and your stars aligning. Enjoy that good sleep you will be getting from now on!! 
Wow. This is truly fantastic - you are an inspiration! We are all so proud of you. 
