-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avdu9r/how_long_until_you_stopped_feeling_like_a_fragile/

Hey guys I'm on day 10 (crazy for me) and I just feel vulnerable. I mean my energy has kind of increased and I don't feel like I'm dying all the time but I mean everything is triggering. TV shows going to the store. Shit I was at Walgreens this past weekend and the guy behind me drops a bottle of vodka and the shit splashed everywhere even a little on me. I felt like I needed to run out of there lol...I see people post about going to bars and ordering tea or whatever.. I can't imagine going to a bar much-wise leaving my house other than to go to work... I don't even want to be around anyone other than my boyfriend who doesn't drink alcohol... this is all frustrating and I feel like cravings will never go away really. I see posts about people 5 years sober who still struggle. I'm only 22 so it's overwhelming to think I will struggle my whole life with this addiction. I'm moving next month and taking a week off of work to move in and relax and I'm already planning my relapse in my head ( or the voice of addiction is lmao)..I don't even know where I'm going with this at this point but thank you for listening and if you have any comforting words I would greatly appreciate them at this point.
----------immediate responses--------

Withdrawal supposedly takes ~14 days. It's not supposed to be easy and it's why so many people struggle to make a few days sober. The cravings will likely never go away but do fade and become easier to ignore over time. People will years of sobriety still want to drink but have decided not to. Triggers are everywhere all will always be there since alcohol is so engrained in human existence. Stay focused and it gets much easier.
Here is an anecdote that I've been dealing with these last couple months that may be helpful. ..I got a new job in January in my company. I'm the most junior in terms of age and the most junior in terms of experience. ..Long term this is ideal as I have a ton to learn from solid resources these last two months have been a slog because I can barely walk on my own and the ways I can make mistakes in my new role are real and meaningful to the business for which I work. ..This is in stark contrast to my previous role where I knew everything backwards and forwards. I know though and I've seen flashes of it just this week that I'm improving. It is slow but it takes time to internalize all you have to in order to be successful at anything. ..Sobriety is much the same but it is a practice. Frustration is super natural early on and comes back but the important thing is to acknowledge that the frustration is temporary and that feeling it or feeling temptation doesn't reflect poorly on you. 
I felt very fragile and raw for definitely 3 weeks. I think sometime in the 4th week I realized I was slightly more functional. Each day was a little easier than the one before it. Now I can go to bars and hang out with drunk people and be fine - but I definitely couldn't do that after 10 days!! Just be patient :) which I know is hard for us instant-gratification junkies.
Thinking a week a month or a year down the road is daunting. How am I supposed to NOT DRINK for 365 days?! Don't ask that question. When you go to bed pledge to yourself you won't drink tomorrow. Plan out your day in your head think about what could trigger you what situations to avoid etc. When tomorrow comes stick to your guns and don't drink. Don't think about tomorrow or next week. Your goal is to make it through today this hour this minute. We are here for you every step of the way and you will find others here not drinking with you. Good luck and congrats on day 10!
Be gentle with yourself!! Rome wasn't built in a day. I found it took a few months before I wasn't overly sensitive to anything alcohol related. 
