-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ave24j/back_on_the_wagon/

Hi everyone! ..So this is my 3rd attempt. I managed it once in 2016: six months. [Before and after](https://i.imgur.com/8HzIW74.jpg). ..Then again in 2018 while going to rehab: 4 months. [Before and after](https://i.imgur.com/QrmLred.jpg). I've tried AA during this period but it wasn't really for me. ..Now I'm sober since last Sunday. What happened all these times that I could not maintain my sobriety? ..I think the common denominator is that I thought I could handle drinking in moderation. Well it kind of worked. For a few weeks. And then I was back on my old daily intake waking up feeling horrible isolating myself from my friends planning on stocking booze instead of healthy food gaining 20 kg lying making excuses showing up late and hungover to work puking in the shower with permanent diarrhea feeling weak desperate anxious slow. I could go on and on. You know what I'm talking about because you have been there. I was waiting for the switch to turn the drinking off. ..It finally happened last Saturday night. I was drunk alone in my flat and I could just not take it anymore. I let all my alcohol down the sink including two bottles of expensive wine I had purchased just a couple of hours before. I was so done with it. ..Right now I'm not really going through a good moment. Anxiety kicks in and I have trouble falling asleep at night. But I know this I've been through this before. The anxiety and empty feeling are caused by alcohol not solved by it. ..In parallel I'm reading *This Naked Mind* as it is always recommended here. I have to say I'm not learning much from it. Most of the content is stuff I already know. But it feels so good reading it understanding the Demon in the Bottle and inside myself better and which strategies can be used to overcome all of this. The book is a life-saver as it helps you understand more than giving you new information. ..I know that there is still alcohol in my system it takes a couple of days to clear it. I know my neuronal paths have been re-wired due to the drinking and that it will take a while to get back to normal. I know this is why I'm struggling and feeling anxious. I also know that this feeling will go away. But in order for this to happen I must not drink. ..I'm thinking right now about how I feel writing this. I'm writing this not because I feel inclined to share I'm writing this for myself. I'm writing this because I'm sober my head is clear and I know what I'm doing. It feels so good. So what I want to share with you is the joy I feel right now. Not the kind of joy with fireworks songs and dancing. The kind of joy when you go to your work desk in the morning sip on your cup of coffee and say to yourself: 'I feel rested and focused. I don't have a hangover and I don't regret anything I said last night. Today I have some challenges ahead of me but I can do it. And I will again tomorrow. But only if I don't drink today.'..This is the joy I feel right now. Small steps my friends. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing. I completely empathize with the crushing anxiety and self hate and also empathize with that feeling of peace when you are totally sober feeling all your emotions and clear headed. You are right it comes in small steps. Something happens when we crave alcohol that makes us forget how it has wronged us time and time again and we forget about the peaceful feeling of being sober. ..We are here for you and we will not drink with you today.
Yeah moderation tries got me every time.  As you know take it day by day.. You will get this...IWNDWYT
good luck mate.  i've had plenty false starts and relapses too so i know how re-starts feel....  ..IWNDWYT!
You look fantastic! Good job   are you single :)
I agree the book is definitely stuff you would already know given your history with getting sober.  Perhaps the 30 day Alcohol Experiment she has will be more helpful if you haven't already done that.  It's has daily "lessons" she presents in videos and a private journal with questions to help further apply it to your life personally...I wish you all the best and IWNDWYT!..&amp;#x200B;
What about aa wasn't for u? Did u work the steps?
You sound like you've been around the block and have a pretty good handle on what alcohol does to you and why it's ultimately never the right choice for us. I really enjoyed hearing about you being in this struggling situation but finding those bits of contentment to hold onto. AA is not for me either. We have to do our own research and build our own support systems and that just takes a little more time. Wishing you the best!     
