-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avg7gc/31_days_sober_the_longest_ive_been_sober_so_far_a/

Hey Gang .      Just wanted to let everyone know that I appreciate all the help and support. Reading and posting on this Sub has made all the difference. Before this my longest time sober (struggling) was 12 days. Getting external help really makes all the difference. ...As I had stated in the title there were a few things very good and bittersweet things that were either really obvious and not so obvious that I've noticed this past month that I figured I could list for you. Maybe they will help Maybe you can relate Maybe it might just be interesting to you.. ...-Waking up not hungover and dehydrated everyday will literally change your life for the better. Just starting the day not feeling like shit will help you utilize and enjoy the day so much more efficiently. It's kind of insane at this point that every time I drank I basically committed to the fact that I was going to essentially ruin my next day...-Your general peace of mind and mental well being will improve drastically. It really is true what they say when they say alcohol is a depressant and actually does affect your mood even while you are not under the influence. Since I have stopped drinking My overall emotional constant has improved drastically and I am few less prone to mood swings. The lack of alcohol has kept me very mentally consistent. Also outside of the chemical effect alcohol has on your brain. Being sick and tired of being sick and tired can really wear on your mind. ..-The amount of time I have now and my perception of time compared to when I was drinking is staggeringly different. This is kind of a weird and long one to explain because obviously my alcohol consumption or lack of has not affected to fabric of time but bare with me here.. When I was drinking it always seemed like I never had enough time to get anything done. It always felt like the days weeks and months would fly by in a blur and this would give me such bad anxiety because I always felt like I was running out of time. After work I never had time for things like the gym reading fishing diving general household responsibilities or even just to sit back and genuinely relax. Since I've stopped drinking I've actually found time for all these things. (The obvious part) The time was there all along I was just putting so much time and effort into drinking I was neglecting all of these things. (The not so obvious part) As for time constantly feeling like it was speeding by in a blur and the crushing anxiety that came along with it? Completely gone. It's almost as if time itself has slowed down. My theory on this is that now that I'm not spending a good portion of my day browned out/blacked out I am actually present for the time and conscious of it passing by. In essence I've extended my day by just being aware of it! Revolutionary shit people! ..-Mental Clarity.. A gift and a bit of a curse I'm realizing. First I'll talk about why it's a gift. Your brain controls your life. Your brain operating at 60%(on alcohol) is your life operating at 60%. When I was drinking I constantly felt like I was in a fog that I couldn't shake. It took a little bit after I stopped(about two weeks) but I began to feel very "aware" of everything going on in me and around me. It's like I'm seeing the world without sunglasses for the first time in so long. It's also like I'm re-meeting myself for the first time. I thought I was this wild party animal. Turns out I'm actually more of a home body and creature of habit. I started feeling very in tune with my thoughts feelings and physical state as well as my interactions with people in my life and life in general (Which for the most part is beneficial). However there is a bit of a bitersweetness to this. While I'm finally seeing all the good in my life for what it was and is I started to notice all the bad in my life and with the people in my life that I have spent so much time and energy making myself numb too and purposely overlooking. It's like I've taken a step back and seeing people and things for what they really are. Some of these things and people have been pretty irritating largely due to the fact that they probably would have always been irritating but now that I haven't been lobotomizing myself with booze every evening I am fully aware of them and also I've found I'm largely emotionally unequipped to deal with them due to the fact that I have been putting the booze band-aid on them for years now. I've been slowly getting better though as I am aware that these things irritate me now and can deal with them rationally and accordingly. I feel this will be one of the more challenging parts of sobriety in days to come. I will say that this new found clarity has been beneficial for some people in my life and for others.. not so much. Needless to say sobriety has been very "sobering" so far and it's crazy I actually I sincerely give a shit about things. But again I truly have been happier at my core. ..-The physical effect alcohol has on your body is huge outside of the very obvious and is largely ignored until you stop drinking.(Hangovers etc etc)  So this one has been pretty monumental for me.. For a very brief background to get a proper idea of where I'm coming from I was extremely fit from 18-23 years old. The kind of guy who meal prepped exercised (cardio and weights) religiously 6 days a week and generally really took care of myself. My alcoholism slowly but surely did away with that and I attributed the inevitable weight gain(midsection) lack of energy feeling weak and generally degradation of my physical state to getting into my mid twenties. (Of course it couldn't be the eventual 15 beers a night *eye roll*) Since I've stopped drinking I've fallen back into my usual gym rat habits. I've been losing body fat and I'm actually starting to look "lean and fit" again. My mental and physical energy levels have been through the roof and I've been sleeping better than I have in years. My skin has been clearing up and my eyes aren't bloodshot anymore. I actually feel healthy again! I even had a co-worker give me the eyes and I caught her in the act and she told me "You look good lately". This sense of health has done wonders for my mind. Not to mention my missus has been very happy with me in the bedroom lately and my overall appearance...The list goes on but I figured I share a few things that have stuck out. I do have a few easy tips though that stuck out for me that have kept me sober so far and I PROMISE I won't be long winded...-Stick with it for better or for worse. Some moments you might want to quit but there's a reason you started in the first place. ..-Have a sense of humor about the whole process! You're a recovering drunk! Not a corpse! It's alright to laugh at yourself a bit and generally people won't be so grim about it if you can crack a joke about it. I've been telling people "I love alcohol but alcohol doesn't love me". ..-Make it a point to try and be healthy. Exercise eat well sleep well take care of your head. (Because you should anyways) but it will make the process seem even more beneficial!  ..-Stay busy. Don't give yourself time to drink or even consider drinking or being hungover. Hobbies responsibilities etc etc ..-Constantly remind yourself of the negative effects of alcohol when it comes to mind. I find when you fixate on all the bad. It makes picking up that first drink almost painful to even consider. ..-Saying "no" is so much easier than relapsing even if it's uncomfortable because I don't know about you guys but I'm the kinda drunk that ends up on "Cops" once I get going. ..-No one that matters really gives a shit if you're drinking or not. They may bust your balls a bit but so far from what I've experienced its only been in jest. Hang tight. ..(Not for everyone but...).-A little bit of pot helps! I've only smoked twice in the past 31 days but both times were well needed and deserved!.P.S. for my fit freaks it definitely helps with boring cardio! lol ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks a ton for sharing this! I'm really looking forward to getting back into shape and back to being able to go knock out a half marathon whenever I wanted. Thanks for screwing that up for me booze!
Very uplifting. I'm on day 3 and looking forward to your day :)..IWNDWYT 
Yes!! Keep doing the deal you rock!
 "I love alcohol but alcohol doesn't love me". ..I love this statement. And something that would sound perfectly credible coming out of my mouth. A good way to good naturedly let people know you're not drinking. It's a good way to ward off a million questions about it too. I don't want a lot of attention drawn to the fact that I'm not drinking until I really feel comfortable with it. 
This was such a great and clear post thank you!!!
Just threw silver your way because this post is amazing. Everything about it resonates so deeply and personally with me. I totally get it. In 30 days I hope to write a similar post. Please keep sharing. 
I can totally agree with all of your sentiments. I have had periods of sobriety but always relapsed and I'm back on the wagon again day 2 right now...The one thing I keep embracing is that when I'm drinking I can't handle caffeine. Sobriety brings a whole new world of energy. Coffee! I Can drink coffee again! And I love me some coffee.
Tomorrow is my day 31 and I agree with you   .IWNDWYT 
Hey man thanks for sharing best part is it only gets better!!! Stay  ! IWNDWYT 
This was so refreshing to read. I've been sober for 2.5 years and haven't been able to put into words why I have so many less friends. It's because I stopped as you say "lobotomizing myself with booze!" I'm not interested in drunken blabbering people anymore. I have a lot higher standards and fewer but better friends. Thanks for sharing.
Thank you for this. I had a sucky day and cravings but this makes me feel so much better. 
Very glad you took the time to write this!  Just had to reset my counter and for whatever reason today kinda sucked.  Your attitude is infectious and encouraging.  Much thanks!
Your point about  no one that matters gives a fuck.  Is so true. I'm in corporate sales and I do a lot of events and entertaining. For the longest time I thought I would lose all my customers if I didn't drink. None of them care. I just took 3 of them out to a security conference for my company I bought them drinks till 10:30 or so kept drinking soda water myself and had a great time with them all. 
Fantastic job friend.Stay the course..I will not drink with you today 
Hey I like reading your post just cruising the net looking for insp (day 5 today) So was wondering how YOU are going? How about an update the good bad and the ugly.
