-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/avmw8z/to_anyone_new_to_this_journey/

First off congratulations on admitting that there's an issue. I won't lie to you and say this will be an easy journey   it won't be. You'll be questioning your decision constantly in the beginning. Everything about your life will change: Your hobbies your friends your environment. You won't like it at first but you'll soon come to find that it's all necessary change...You'll realize that a lot of your  friends  weren't really your friends; they were your drinking buddies who you only had drinking in common with. You'll start to discover things you actually like to do and find legitimate joy in them. And your ground zero   your home   will actually begin to feel like a home worth coming living in rather than a self-imposed prison that serves as a reminder of your failures...It'll all be worth it in the end. A year from now you'll look back and be amazed at how things have changed for the better. How you've changed for the better...But getting to that point is hard work...During this journey you may go to detox. You may go to IOP to give yourself a foundation. And you'll probably start attending AA to build that support network everyone raves about. ..These are important steps that you may need to take but it's not the  secret sauce  to sobriety. The  secret sauce    the key factor that truly keeps you sober   is your reason for getting sober to begin with...You need to figure this out and it needs to be important. You need to ask yourself  What do I hope to accomplish by being sober?  Do you want to start getting in shape? Do you want to finish that degree? Do you want to start a business and find financial freedom?..Hopefully it's a combination of things. But the fact remains: You need to have goals or some sort of mission that you're working towards. There has to be a concrete trackable reason you're getting sober because the only way you'll get sober is if you do it for yourself...In those times of struggle in those times of self-doubt it will be your goals and your overall mission that will keep your strong and away from slipping back into the drunken abyss...Folks yes this is a disease. But it's a mental game too. How badly do you want it? Is drinking your days away more fulfilling then accomplishing your greatest goals in life? Hopefully not. And if it is it's time to find new goals.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing.  iwndwyt
This is sooooo true. Said perfectly. This time around I am   focused on me &amp; my relationship with alcohol. This is for me &amp; that's what I keep reminding myself. Once I was able to change my mentality about alcohol this all got a little easier. IWNDWYT!!!!!
Unfortunately this post breaks our rule to speak from the "I" and has been removed.
