-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aw70s1/day_2_for_a_long_time_lurker/

So today is day 2 and I already feel better. How is that possible?!..I'm 36 married good job educated homeowner and an alcoholic. I really don't know how it all spiralled to get this bad. In my 20's I drank like a student. I cleaned up after that and then this slow progression to a heavy drinker took maybe 7 years to the point that I was hungover almost every morning. It became my daily routine to buy more and more beer and start drinking after work right up until bed. I'd hate myself but I'd keep doing it again and again...My wife has been very supportive but I know she's getting scared now. Yesterday she left me a note that read "This is not normal. You need to get help. I love you." And she's right. I've tried to slow down even quit completely but I would relapse after a few days every time. I've always tried to do it alone thinking I had the willpower. I do need help...So I'm here now and I've looked into how AA works in my city. I've watched this community from afar for a while and now I realize that becoming a part of it would be really good for me. And I hope to help others who are struggling. I'm looking forward to having a clear mind a balanced chequebook and hopefully lose a few pounds along the way...I feel like being held accountable will help me stay on the path. Thank you to everybody here in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome! Glad you're here. Iwndwyt. Good luck and see you around.
Welcome!!  AA has been very helpful to me  and many others. ..Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
Welcome and I'm glad you posted. Your story sounds a lot like mine.  You have to start somewhere. Day two (for the third time) for me. IWNDWYT. 
Thanks for coming here! The decision to address this is one that I don't think any of us regrets welcome! And congratulations on day 2!
Right there with you!!! IWNDWYT
47 year old here similar back story to you.  Never too late to course correct.  Your wife sounds she will be a great support for you /r/stopdrinking has been vital to my success so far.  Congrats on day 2.   See you around.  
Welcome friend. Keep coming back. You are NOT alone. I will NOT drink with you today! Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
Way to go! IWNDWYT!
Good for you!  This is a nice little community.  I've yet to see an ugly post.  Day two leads to day 3 3 to 4 and so on.  It seems like a trite phrase but it is indeed 'one day at a time.'  Good luck to you and keep us posted.
My drinking changed qualitatively after college too. And I was shocked and horrified to discover my drinking to be what it had become. ..I was 32 when I got the gift of sobriety. I'm 63 now and don't regret a minute of it Sobriety has cost me very very little (though it didn't always seem so little at the time!) and has given me more than I could ask or imagine. 
Same boat... On day 5 here and I'm starting to feel and remember what it was like before my addiction!
 I'm not really able to dispense any advice  other than what worked for me: I didn't get caught up in counting  days/months/years. The mission is to go all the rest of your days  without drinking and let me tell you there is no way in Hell that I am going to make it through the rest of my life without drinking. But I  made it through Yesterday. And if I made it through Yesterday I can  make it another ten minutes into Today. I'll worry  about Tomorrow when it gets here by which point Tomorrow will be Today  and Today will be Yesterday. And I already proved that I can get through  Yesterday...HMU if you ever need help getting through the next ten minutes I assure you you're not on this journey alone.
Good job I'm in a very similar situation also got the  this is not normal  comment from my supportive wife. This is my second major attempt after a 6 month relapse I put together 45 days last time. We're in this together and we can do it. I will not drink with you today.
Welcome! Check in here as often as you need. I found candy great for fighting cravings in the beginning.
We're all in this together man. It feels good to be free don't give up!
IWNDWYT!
