-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awbrl4/day_51_i_see_exactly_why_i_relapsed_on_day_51_two/

Welp my miserable excuse of a husband left me after 4 months of marriage &amp; still will not speak to me. My maid of honor at the wedding &amp; I thought my best friend has not been over to visit since the day he left 2 months ago. She lives one mile away &amp; I'm on her way home. She keeps promising to but no dice. Just complained to my upstairs neighbor about it  What do I have to drink to have friends?  &amp; got a snippy reply. She said  well I've gotta go (out drinking) you know that drinking is just a huge part of our culture here &amp; that's just how it is. Write down some things you'd like to do &amp; invite me.  (Guess she forgot we were gonna start making dinner together one night a week-happened once when she was drunk off her ass). ..In fact nobody has been over to see me since he left. Not even my own Mother who is only interested in telling me what to do incessantly via text &amp; has expressed zero empathy for me either. ..So I guess he wins on the who takes sides with whom game. He was emotionally abusive to me physically abused my dog &amp; threatened to slit his throat when I wasn't home. BUT he can fix stuff. Jack of all trades &amp; master of none &amp; people need him so they are friendly to him. Me? I can just fuck off I guess even though I've always helped all of them whenever they ask even when it's inconvenient for me. Why would I expect them to give 2 shits about me? I suspect the husband is a narcissist; he is very charming &amp; surely has smeared me as the bad person in our relationship. I am so angry lonely &amp; friendless I would almost just drive into oncoming traffic if I had someone to take care of my dogs. I do like me though I've worked hard for my career &amp; lots of people at work need me &amp; adore me so I wouldn't actually do that. Guess I will just sit in this house all by myself until I get a better job &amp; move. No guarantees of friends anywhere else either though. If I drink again I will likely die. If I don't drink again I will just live isolated &amp; in misery. This is just wonderful! ..No I will not consider AA-the  God thing  is not my thing. Open to suggestions but I will just get used to being friendless I suppose. That's just fine. Who needs friends anyway? I can work a puzzle work from home read a book clean my house... ALL ALONE. That's so much fun!!! Off to drink my damn coffee. 
----------immediate responses--------

Just a few more hours and you'll have made it to day 52 on your way to 53 and 54 and so on and so on. You can do it! Set little goals and do everything you can to meet them. Find appropriate things to reward yourself with and make success fun. On the note of fun I bet your pups could really help you there. You can check out local dog parks start taking long walks each day or pick one who would enjoy a challenge and sign up for some training or trick classes. Be open to meet new people in the simplest of ways. Do you really want to spend time with your neighbor who seems to have their own poor relationship with alcohol?
This is not a forever thing. You just didn't have the right people around you. The people you thought were your friends never really were. There were probably a million signs you never saw because of drinking. I'm sorry if I sound bitchy but fuck those people. Let them have each other.  You will go on to make better more supportive friends in the future.  You are strong!  You've made it 51 days in spite of them.  You can try AA where there are people in similar situations if it's too religious or whatever you can try a different program.  You can keep coming here for support take a class or join a gym or volunteer somewhere to meet new people. Leave those miserable people behind.  Will be thinking of you. IWNDWYT
My life may or may not have gotten better. But my ability to deal with it got a lot better once I took alcohol out of the picture. I came here often and it helped. I started doing yoga more often and meditating more. ..&amp;#x200B;..I will be your friend! I won't drink with you today!  
You have tons of support  and people who care on this site..AA or Smart Recovery would be a good idea as well. ..Hang in there.  You can do this!!  IWNDWYT 
I appreciate everyone's comments. Thank you. I just lost my temper texted my  best friend  &amp; told her I was pissed. Said too much about the husband being a liar &amp; throwing my wedding band in the creek next to where we got married at her mans place. She called the husband &amp; his roommate-no idea what she said to him-but she say he was drunk &amp; mean. She won't answer the phone or text me back. I think that's best. I've been really angry for 2 days now &amp; it's been building. I think I just blew a fuse. And I was doing so well. Until I wasn't. Knew it was coming too-made an appointment with my therapist today. For March 20th-very helpful. Not. Oh well-I've said much worse when drinking really but I do hate to lose my composure. ..So now they are all drunk &amp; pissed off but I feel better. That's weird to me but ok... ..People are strange. She said they all take great pains not to talk about me around her. The second I say something about him she calls him up? Poetic. ..Yep. Need to find a job elsewhere &amp; move. No kids I'm way underpaid due to geography &amp; only my Mom &amp; Brother live kinda close. I only see them a few times a year so what's it matter where I live? Nothing is holding me here &amp; Ive got to do this for my sanity. Just pick up &amp; go somewhere new where nobody knows me. That kinda sounds nice really. 
Here's one thing for sure...you are not alone. .not here..not ever. .come here often. .you're among friends. 
I would almost just drive into oncoming traffic ..And kill some innocent someone u dont even know..Maybe be a 10yr old boy or a pregnant teacher...Iwndwyt
