-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awdis3/went_to_my_second_meeting_and_got_my_24_hour_chip/

After many many many failed attempts to start my sobriety journey I've started attending meetings at the suggestion of my therapist. ..My first one was yesterday and ohhh boy guys I was absolutely terrified. I brought a friend with me for moral support and I'm not gonna lie if he hadn't been there I probably would've turned on my heel and left the moment I took my first step inside. ..I am so so glad I didn't. ..I have pretty severe anxiety and I have an incredibly hard time opening up and telling stories but I spoke a little bit anyway because someone had mentioned that it's really beneficial to talk even when you don't feel like talking. It was freeing and cathartic in a way that I hadn't expected. There's an unspoken rule that you will not be judged and it's a beautiful feeling. ..There's something about being surrounded by people who completely understand your struggle that is so powerful and empowering. It was the most peaceful I've felt in such a long time. Everything that everyone said in the meeting was relatable in one way or another and I finally didn't feel alone. ..It's gonna be a hard journey but god I'm so ready to make it. I can't wait to be the person at my meetings that can give advice and encouragement instead of just soaking it all in haha. ..Friends I will not drink with you today! ..If you're like me and anxiety has kept you from trying out meetings facing that fear and powering through the discomfort to get there was 100% worth gaining a local support system that understands my struggle and wants to see me succeed. It was crazy hard to force myself to get there but everyone was so kind and welcoming and open that I couldn't even justify staying anxious once I sat down. If you can check around for open meetings and bring a good friend to your first one just to support you while you figure out the ropes! It's always worth a try.   
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome- it is an amazing journey.  Thanks for sharing! IWNDWYT.
Good for you. Thanks for sharing. Brought back the feeling of my first meeting. IWNDWYT 
Hang on to that chip. And remember this day - even at the worst you just have to repeat it to stay sober. It's my pleasure - to NOT drink with you today.
