-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awf9tj/relapsed_again_this_time_i_had_9_months_fuck/

I relapsed and I want to kill myself. I'm 0/4 now on getting sober. I always told myself I could never do this to my family but I'm realizing now that I'm a poison for my family as it is. ...Any young people who see this: please fucking walk away. Get into a 12 step or get obsessed with video games or fuckin anything. It feels like it doesn't have a hold on you but fucking trust me in the dead of night some time in your future it all switches 180 degrees. It becomes something you need to just feel *okay*. It's fucked up for real. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's always the last time that is successful. Don't give up. Iwndwyt 
Focus on the positive. Mistakes happen. You made it 9 months. That is a amazing accomplishment in itself. You did that. No one else. We are here for you when you need. IWNDWYT!
Getting to nine months is a major achievement. Don't give up.
Nine months is HUGE! I don't need the details of your relapse to know no amount of drinking could undo the 9 months of sobriety that you have to your mental health and body...Go easy on yourself. None of us are perfect. It sucks that people like you and me have this additional freaking thing we have to worry about  screwing up  at but ultimately one mistake in 9 months? That's a pretty damned great record. ..You got this!! IWNDWYT 
I try to remember to look at it as happiness and sobriety is a journey not a destination. Unfortunately sometimes that journey includes slip ups. But it's all part of the process and the only way to get back on the journey you deserve is to just not drink today. I will not drink with you today. 
9 months sounds amazing if you could do that you can quit again. If you need a sober buddy I'm here.
I heard a show on the radio several years back that gave me a new way of looking at "failed" attempts to quit drinking. The presenter suggested that it isn't an on or off proposition and that each "slip" can also be viewed as one more step towards the goal of sobriety. You had 9 months and you can have it again if you want it! IWNDWYT.
Stop it. It was a mistake. Sober up and learn what caused the relapse. Keep counting the days if that's important. 
9 months of sobriety followed by a relapse? Day by day that's a 99.4% success rate which sounds pretty impressive to me.
Please seek some help friend. I know you can be free from alcohol  we are here for you anytime! 9 months is a long time your body and mind would have healed a lot over that stretch I believe in you to kick this alcohol this time. 
You're not 0/4. You're 269/270. And today you have a fresh chance to be a perfect 1/1. IWNDWYT
Just begin again :). 9 months is great. This time can be even better.
After many years and several relapses my increasingly firm opinion is: ..Counting sobriety days is great for the first 100-200 days. To build momentum. ..After that consider dropping that approach. I'm serious. Screw the day-counting. Instead focus on building your life. ..If you see a girl at the gym whose in great shape and obviously works out and eats decent do you think:.."Wow nice body she's doing well she must work out and eat good."..Or do you fixate on "OK how many days in a ROW has she gone without ever missing a workout. Huh???"..Does it make ANY sense to fixate on the second reaction? .
Thank you for this post. I'm in a similar situation...We're here for you. 
It's okay man - you didn't lose those 9 months. You are doing a great job - iwndwyt 
Keep at it. The fact you're here says you have some fight in you. I've been there a bunch of times. It got so bad for me I quit trying to quit. Those were dark times with hard drink. Keep pushing. You can do it!!!! 
9 months is incredible! I'm 5 months and 26 days and your post is an inspiration to remain vigilant and grateful and not take my sobriety for granted. ..Thank you for your honesty and humility to share. This is why the the program is about  We . I can't stay sober without reminder like yours. ..IWNDWYT!
Nine months is nothing to take lightly..U CAN do sobriety!.
Don't be too hard on yourself stop drinking and remember those 9 months were yours and you accomplished so much. there are speedbumps on the road. i had 4 months and relapsed for like 8 months straight til i quit again and it just feels natural (bit shaky and sick but its only day 4) good luck 
You can do it! We don't have anyway to change the past so don't beat yourself up what matters is how we live today and the now. IWNDWYT 
One day at a time.
&gt; Get into a 12 step.....Have you tried that?
Don't be too hard on yourself. You have made life better for yourself and your family through those months. A relapse doesn't take that away. Take your time everything is okay...Relapses happen I had one yesterday as well. Very contradictory considering what I deep down am trying to do how I think and talk about alcohol. It was a tired careless mistake. I was watching some sports with a friend after a long day and ended up taking a beer. Old habits. I wasn't happy about it then I wasn't happy about it being drunk and I'm not happy about it now. It just felt like waste of time and settling for something worse than I could. I want to get sober completely because it has made everything so much better. Even if it's day 1 again I have still been sober since christmas with only two exceptions. That time has changed my life for the better a relapse doesn't take that away...We should not dwell on guilt and regret but instead look forward. Life never has to be like it was when I for example drank everyday. It was sad I have seen better by being sober. I admit I made a mistake I will learn my lesson from it forgive myself and go forward sober again...IWNDWYT
I'm not sure why you think you're only 0/4! You're really 9/10! Just get back on and you'll do great buddy! You only fail when you quit trying!
My first year trying to get sober I relapsed a lot. It always felt terrible but I always learned something from it. The last time I relapsed I had 15 months sober. I couldn't believe it happened and it was right before Christmas. I felt like shit for awhile but quickly got back up on my feet and took my sobriety even more seriously than before...Feels like I blinked and now its 2+ years later. ..Relapsing sucks but it is sometimes part of the process. Learn from it grow from it come back stronger!..You can do this!..IWNDWYT!
Don't be so harsh on yourself man addiction is a bitch to all of us you are what you think so think like a champion and go after it again i believe.
