-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awr7ar/feeling_hopeless/

I'm not sure where to go from here.....I'm 32 and have been dealing with my addictions for over a decade now.  I've been in-and-out of treatment numerous times throughout that period (in-patient out-patient and in-between).  My most recent attempt at in-patient treatment was last summer (2018) and it went pretty well while it lasted - however I've fallen off the wagon yet again...I am certain that I'm not the only one but I feel that I'm in a somewhat of an uncommon situation - in that ***I am a male alcoholic with an Eating Disorder***.  I feel that too often Eating Disorders are only associated with teenage girls - even though that is just one demographic that is affected by them.  In particular I feel that being a male with an Eating Disorder makes it harder for me.  I'm struggling to figure out what to do since I have zero motivation and at least currently feel like just giving in to my addictions.....I will probably write more later but I am curious if there are others out there dealing with both alcoholism and an Eating Disorder (whether you're male or female) and if you have any ideas/thoughts/suggestions that might help...
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you just want attention here...&amp;#x200B;..Grow up...&amp;#x200B;..This is a place for a adults with real problems.
Thanks for your post. I'm a male and I'm pretty sure I have disordered eating patterns. Stopping drinking seems to help which of course doesn't mean fix. Anyway you're not alone. Hope to see you back here.
As bad or as good as things get I'll urge you to remember that this too shall pass my friend. Can I encourage you to start afresh tomorrow morning? Set some daily achievable goals maybe break bigger goals into smaller ones and achieve the hell out of them? You're really not that far along in age. Though I will not give medical advice I will urge you to be kind to yourself while on this journey. Be well. Stay sober. IWNDWYT 
Yes I've anorexia and I'm an alcoholic. I thought that I could switch between both which is somewhat true because one is always "the main addiction" at a certain time but this doesn't mean that the one in the background is "silent". My problems with alcohol got stronger and stronger in the last couple of years so my anorexia automatically had to go in the background (if you only think about all the calories in a bottle of wine or vodka!). Unfortunately I've no suggestions since I'm struggling at the moment but I think it would be important to find something "instead of" the addiction something positive to fill your time and your thoughts with. 
There is hope. I don't have any answers for you but I was at a point of my life where I lost hope then found it again.  I kept getting help and kept going.  I'm rooting for you my friend! IWNDWYT 
I'm wondering if the alcohol use is a way to cope with the eating disorder...There are eating disorder therapists who might be of great benefit to you...All I can say is that for me alcohol makes everything worse...Without it I feel more hopeful about just about everything in my life.
