-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/awu6ba/did_sobriety_make_you_dangerously_honest_or/

Hello there. Two months sober. Decided to make the change because of so much going on in my life I didn't want to be encumbered with alcohol to cloud some major changes for 37 year old me. ..I'm two months in and the pink cloud the matte boredom the physical symptoms the bad sleep (a fair number of) the historical triggers have been confronted. ..My problem is that I can't shake this feeling that I'm in the wrong marriage. My husband doesn't understand me really especially about drinking. Yesterday he told me that if I was  unhappy  about  not drinking .... well I should just drink!..I think that I am not drinking in part because there are deeply difficult things I need to say to my husband and that if I have touched even a drop he won't take them seriously. ..I just don't know what those difficult things are! Except that I prefer being alone to being around him I prefer travel to home and much in the way I used to sneak around drinking I know kind of subconsciously set up my time to avoid him as much as possible. ..I'm not asking for advice or sympathy or anything. But I do wonder if this resonates. The reasons I relapsed in the past I think we're partially because the changes that sober me wanted to make freaked the shit out of me. Better I told myself to stay numb. ..Wel anyway thanks for reading. I feel better just by sharing. IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

I will respond more later but i wanted to say congrats on two months I'm in the same boat and same age so I know it's no easy feat! I'm off to go ski some pow....I will not drink with you today!
Actually I was "dangerously honest" when I was drinking and that got me into a lot of trouble...Staying sober allows me to filter what comes out of my mouth see things more clearly and make better decisions about almost everything in my life...However there are so many things that feel "new" to me and different.  Especially my long term marriage.  But it's still full of love in both directions so I accept the fact that he will never understand the problem I have with alcohol because he doesn't have one.  I'm going with the flow for now.  It's much too early in the game to do anything else.
You're on this journey for yourself ultimately your relationship dynamics with almost everyone will change I've learned that fairly early on. When I was drinking I didn't have a filter. Anything on my mind I would say. And then I'd hear the  drunk words are sober thoughts  line. SOBER words are sober thoughts! When we drink we tend to exaggerate things even inadvertently.
This resonates with me - I realized I was becoming dangerously honest with myself about how I feel. Without alcohol to numb myself I gained an extreme amount of clarity on some issues I had been avoiding. I'm still sorting it all out and I did get a therapist to help but this honesty is starting to feel less dangerous and more radical in a good way. IWNDWYT 
yes this definitely resonates with me. i'm the same age as you. i know it's scary but i don't think you should ignore your feelings. otherwise you'll just end up drinking again.
I did and still do.  Its the clarity.  Theres nothing dulling your feelings anymore.  Theres no escape.  You just have to own it and take action.  
It resonates. I need to change jobs and that scares me and so I drink instead. 
Yes it absolutely resonates. The self-honesty that has come with sobriety has helped so much to process a very difficult breakup. Instead of either romanticizing or demonizing this particular relationship (which was my go-to in the past....very black-and-white thinker here) I've been able to see it in a much more level and balanced way. I don't have to make myself long for this person's touch or convince myself that they fucked me over and I'm just a big victim. This sober honesty is liberating and it has sped up the process of healing so much.
Sobriety made me over share for sure.   .But to your post you are in a tough situation. I didn't have anyone I live with actively try to discourage me from staying sober. By itself sobriety is tough. So feeling a little resentful is ok (in my humble opinion but I am also a random internet stranger) ..It has been suggested that I shouldn't make any major life decisions during the first year of sobriety - focus solely on sobriety. That has worked immensely well for me and I would encourage you to do the same. But feeling those feelings themselves - that's something beyond our control no? I'd encourage you to journal fiendishly. It has helped me by diverting the intensity of feelings into physical action. ..I also use apps like  I am sober' that allow me to record this on a daily basis. It even allows me to keep a record of how I felt and how my mood improved with sobriety...Good luck OP. You're doing better than you give yourself credit for. Stay sober - you're definitely on the right path. Wishing you all the strength and grit you need to face this challenge. IWNDWYT!
I'm seeing a therapist now who's helped me understand some of my feelings about my husband. I feel angry with him all the time to the point where I lost my sex drive.  I would get flashes of insight on my own like mad that he doesn't help with cooking and cleaning but it wasn't enough -- I'd start talking to my husband about one thing take 2 months to beg him for a change and the moment he grudgingly started helping five other things would occur to me.  We're now seeing a couples counselor too. I don't know if we'll make it honestly but at least we'll have a clear view...All of this was definitely precipitated by my quitting drinking. I'd say "caused" but that's not true -- we've been together for 10 years and these problems piled up the whole time. Drinking was a way for me to ignore it. My husband hasn't suggested I start drinking again but he's clearly really really irritated that I'm not the "fun" easy going wife anymore and I think he drinks more than ever!
I hear you! I'm also two months in. I knew my marriage was in a bad place but sober it feels worse and I feel impatient regarding changes that most likely need to be made. My therapist's main concern is that a divorce will endanger my sobriety. It seems possible to me that staying married is also a danger.  
In my experience I have felt a similar way in two cases and I wish I had had the self awareness at the time to sit with it and work it through. The first was easy - we had grown apart and shouldnt have been together. The second was much much harder. Our intimate partners often reflect ourselves back in ways we dont like. I blew up a relationship because I didn't like the me I saw in his eyes and instead of taking responsibility for that I blamed him and ran away. I forgive myself for it then but ever since then I am cautious about my tendency to run out on people. I suspect I do it to avoid facing myself. Congratulations on 2 months sober! It's an amazing life transition and you are awesome. IWNDWYT 
i have definitely used alcohol to avoid specific conversations in relationships when i knew big changes needed to happen and i was unhappy. it was especially hard because while we were not married so many parts of our lives were enmeshed in difficult ways.
I definitely drank to avoid/not feel feelings related directly to my relationship but I didn't want to jump off a cliff either. I told myself I would make no decision for at least a year after getting sober.  Your experience may stay the same (my 30+ year marriage ended two years after I got sober) or it may shift.  Individual and/or couples therapy ultimately helped both of us understand that we would be better off not married.  
Yes your post resonates!  Once I started working the Steps I was able to take responsibility for my mistakes in the marriage (it wasn't all his fault- who knew?!)  and to stop expecting him to change in order to make me happy.  I had to accept him the way he was and then decide if I could continue to live that way.  It is an extremely personal journey but my sobriety and recovery gave me the tools I needed to deal with the reality of my broken marriage.  If I were still drinking I would still be an unhappy alcoholic in a miserable marriage.  Sober life is so much better.
Tough..But watever you do .DONT drink!
