-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ax25nk/ive_been_sober_for_one_year/

I made it...I started this journey into sobriety one year ago. It was difficult and I made some posts along the way. Looking back to those first few months it's amazing how much work it was at the time. Now it doesn't feel so bad! Sobriety is my default state you know?..I made a [post when my fianc e died](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pzjom/my_fianc%C3%A9e_died_unexpectedly_today_im_going_to/) which resulted in a deluge of support from people on this subreddit. I never expected that sort of a reaction and I'm grateful for it. I'm still struggling with losing her and the past few weeks have been especially difficult for some reason. But drinking won't make me feel any better...Anyway thank you. I couldn't have done it without your help.
----------immediate responses--------

Iwndwyt
Congratulations on a year!..I remember that post and again my heart goes out to you.  But you should be so proud of getting through such a tragedy sober.  ..I wish you the very best! IWNDWYT 
I think about you often. I'm thrilled to see this!  IWNDWYT 
Just read through your old post. I am so incredibly sorry for your loss. The fact that you remained sober throughout it all has me on the verge of crying. Your perseverance and strength has given me more hope than you know.
Oh jeez this just broke my heart. I wish there was more than saying I'm sorry you had to go through something like that. I hope there's some peace in knowing that you were there with her in the end. Terrible for you but at least she knew she was loved. All we can ever hope for is to die in peace and knowing we were loved. .You sound like an amazing and incredibly strong person and I'm strangely proud of you. Many people ruin their lives and their families lives by drinking and they never find the strength to stop. You on the other hand managed to find the strength when you were at your weakest! I hope you realize how incredibly that is! YOU GOT THIS!!!.Also because of you sharing your story your wife will now live on in other people's hearts as well. I never met her but I'll now never forget her (or you!). That was a beautiful gift to give her I think :). .I wish you nothing but beautiful things moving forward! YOU DESERVE IT!!!
Congratulations!  You are a really strong person!   
Drinking will never make it better. Living your life to the fullest will. Congratulations. 
That's incredibly brave and I'm so sorry for your loss you have gone above and beyond to get here and you are an inspiration to everyone and those experiencing rough times who want to quit. 
you've had a rough year...i bet she's sorry she had to leave...but she'd be proud of you - and you know it. and we're proud of you too...i hope you can see your 365 get a 0 after the 5.
Amazing effort friend! Keep on the sober horse!
Congratulations. You're awesome. IWNDWYT  
Congrats! That`s awesome! IWNDWYT
Congrats!!
Hugs to you. Great job and Happy 1st year!
congratulations 
Congrats on making it a year man. Proud of you!
Happy one year!  Thank you for sharing your strength and giving us hope. Have a great day. 
Great! Well done!!  .IWNDWYT!
It's incredible what you've done. You're inspiring- thank you. IWNDWYT...Congratulations on one year!
