-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axfxyh/400_days_not_drinking_really_snuck_up_on_me/

Hey SD Fam! Sorry I haven't been around too much recently but I wanted to check in with you all to say that I'm celebrating 400 days without drinking today! Honestly it really snuck up on me. After I hit a year I haven't been keeping track of the days as closely and I almost even missed my 400 day mark. That's a great thing though   it means that not drinking has become the norm for me and it feels amazing. ..I've been focusing on my health goals more including going to the gym consistently and quitting smoking. The smoking thing was going great   I almost went a full month but I picked up a pack yesterday due to some anxiety I was feeling so now I have to head over so r/stopsmoking after this and resent my badge. I'm pretty bummed about that but I'm also proud of the days I went without smoking. Also I've lost 30+ pounds since a year ago and I seem to be losing more every week thanks to my 3-day-a-week gym habit and healthy eating. So that feels great. ..I'm also dipping my toe back into the dating waters. I've decided to not make a big deal about not drinking in my profile. I just put I don't drink and I'm looking for someone who's not a heavy drinker. I haven't had an actual date yet but I have a coffee date set up for next weekend with someone who also doesn't drink. I'm happy to see more than a few other profiles that also list the fact that they don't drink which gives me lots of hope...I still do pop in here a couple times a week here to offer support but the fact is that I've come to a point where it's not a struggle to not drink and since it's so natural I just haven't felt a strong pull to visit as often. ..But I do want to let the people who are just starting out know that it IS possible and you're doing great. Even if you backslide a few times before you really get the hang of it *the fact that you are trying means that you are not failing*. Seriously. I know it's incredibly tough but keep at it and you'll eventually surprise yourself. (Also read *This Naked Mind* if you haven't already!) ..If you look back on my post history I was a heavy drinker who blacked out a few times a week (or more) and was hungover all the time. I had several relapses before quitting permanently. Now I don't even think about it and I even wake up before noon on the weekends now. Although I still spend a considerable amount of time just sitting around doing nothing in the mornings not being hungover honestly *never* gets old. For real. ..Thank you all for being here SD Fam! I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing and congrats on 400 days! .I'm curious about your workout routine-please share if you wouldn't mind. I'm about 78 days sober (v proud about it too) but sometimes I get frustrated that I haven't lost more weight and haven't adopted a steady workout routine. I've lost 7pounds. I wrestled with sugar cravings until about 2 weeks ago and seem to have that a bit under control now. I guess I thought by now I would have been better about working out and/or doing yoga or meditation. I know those things help but I'm still in the phase of patting myself on the back for simply not drinking. 
Congratulations on 400!
Thank you-thank you-thank you! I appreciate all the details. Your swimming accomplishments are impressive and congrats on 401 days of not drinking!
