-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axk95w/relapsed_but_alive/

I was alcohol free for roughly 18 months but I drank for a week straight multiple pints of vodka a day. It was super bad and I was completely reckless. I drove impaired multiple times. This thing is no joke it will kill if we let it. I'm committed to being sober today and I am grateful that I have another chance. Not waisting this opportunity..Be well all and if your having thoughts of drinking please take my word for it it is pure evil and will destroy. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you are alive. IWNDWYT 
damn man I was always told that no matter how long you stayed sober that if you relapsed you'll find yourself drinking like you never quit in the first place ..never truly understood until I relapsed myself ..stay safe
Thank you for coming back on the journey and posting. So helpful for me to hear what awaits me if I give in to that first drink. IWNDWYT
Welcome back friend. Your gratitude and your attitude should serve you well. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
 
Best wishes for an easy reset!
Hey brother step 1 experiences are right around the corner for any alcoholic. Gain some reflection and learn. IWNDWYT 
I'm just a little over 18 months sober. Thanks for the reminder that we are never cured and that it is worse when we pick up again. Welcome back. I won't drink with you today.
thankyou for sharing your story i have struggled for the past week and it is good to know i am not alone. the nightmare is always waiting and Lord this cold weather don't help.
Just remember that alcohol is evil but you are not.  Iwndwyt
Drinking after my longest stretch of sobriety (54 days) got quickly out of hand for me. What was supposed to be  a couple of beers with friends  turned into drinking for four days from dawn to dusk. It was followed by a crippling hangover with intense shakes anxiety insomnia and digestive track being a complete mess for most of the following week. It's an addictive drug and a poison. Best to stay away from it...IWNDWYT
Glad you're back.  Glad no one got seriously hurt.  Hope you have all the tools you need to stay sober today and in the future.  Alcoholism is a progressive disease and relapsing proves it.  I'm rooting for you.  IWNDWYT 
 This thing is no joke it will kill if we let it.  A very scary and sobering thought. ..I am glad you're okay. Welcome back. IWNDWYT. 
So glad you made it back friend! This is a powerful testimony it shows me how one day of drinking could end up being a week of blackouts! IWNDWYT..
I concur.  Pure evil.  I will not drink today.
I needed to read this
Thank you for sharing. Reason why I come here often is to read stories like this. I don't mean to read about other people's misfortune but to keep myself alert. 18 months is amazing success and I believe you just cemented your path even further by recent filed research. All the best to you brother!
