-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axqot1/made_it_to_one_year/

I've dreamt about writing this post as I'm sure many of you have for so long. Rather than gloat I'd rather share some things I've learned in a year...It is possible to stop the madness !!..One year of sobriety started with one decision and commitment not to drink. I was hungover in a dark spare bedroom awaking from a blackout!!..I wasted too much time wondering if I was an alcoholic rather than just tackling my drinking. It doesn't matter if I am or I'm not alcohol was a problem for me so it was a problem end of...I realized I didn't know why I drank. I asked myself a million times why do I do this to myself but I never really tried to answer the Why. By getting sober all my real problems came to the surface. Being sober gave me the energy and clarity to tackle them. Drinking just numbed or paused my problems temporarily and added to them the next day!..I beat myself up and hated myself for drinking. A year ago I chose to let go and be kind to myself for a change. The results were remarkably...I learned that exhaustion and stress caused me to drink. Now I sleep when I need to and if something isnt done then it just doesn't get done. I've learned to say no!! ..I've realized that normal drinkers just don't  get it  ie what we go through but I've also realized that it's not their fault how could anyone know unless they have been through it!..I've realized that subs like this are amazing the people here  get it ...I've learned that all my relapses and pain and suffering were part of the journey not failures...In someways having a problem has been a blessing I'm a better person now and have learned skills that help me in all aspects of my life...Somebody said recently that they want to offset their alcoholic footprint and that's exactly how I feel. Hopefully my success helps other. Btw the stories and struggles of those in early recovery really inspire me and help me stay focused. At the end of the day we are all only on day one really! ..Patience is guy. I took it one day at a time and I did that 365 times!! Since that morning I woke up in the spare bedroom after a blackout!..Iwndwyt 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!  Very Inspiring IWNDWYT!
Thank you for this post. Helpful to me. Congrats on a year.
Congratulations on a year! I'm happy for you. IWNDWYT 
Great work mate ill get there soon
Keep on!
Awesome!
You rock! Keep on keeping on!
Congrats!  This is very inspiring to me!  Thank you!      . Iwndwyt
Congrats!!!! Such a big deal.
Good job! Congratulations. IWNDWYT!
Congrats on the year! Thank you for sharing your lessons learned. 
Your amazing! Thanks for keeping me going the last few days before I go into Onederland!
This was beyond inspiring thank you for sharing! Congratulations!!  
 I've learned that all my relapses and pain and suffering were part of the journey not failures. .Thank you for this post and for that especially. Congratulations 
You rock! Im only approaching 3rd week but I WILL make it a year too!!
&gt;It doesn't matter if I am or I'm not alcohol was a problem for me..Totally! This is what helped me just stop already. ..Happy one year to you! I'm proud for you. It's a great milestone...&amp;#x200B;
Well done.   Great achievement. 
Good post. Congratulations. IWNDWYT 
Congrats!
Congratulations!!
 At the end of the day we are all only on day one ..I think so too. The longest I've been sober so far has been 54 days. It got a lot easier as time went by but as soon as I relapsed I felt that my old ways were still with me. They weren't catching up on me 54 days behind. I was immediately back at it...We can all go one day without. Learning from that mistake I'm going to stick with that attitude as long as I'm doing this...IWNDWYT
Congratulations. IWNDWYT  
Congratulations!  
Thanks for posting this it's amazing how similar all of our stories are!
