-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axrpsw/struggling_on_this_mardi_gras/

I'm normally wearing beads dancing to zydeco and doing the whole  Laissez le bon temps rouler   scene today. I'm feeling very tempted to go out and party - I have a fistful of beads in my glove compartment and two invites to parties tonight. Ugh...I'm engaging in a whole lotta all-or-nothing thinking this afternoon. Sobriety is feeling a little goody-goody right now and it feels like an eternity of non drinking (and non fun) stretches out in front of me. I'm really craving a beer and no amount of LaCroix sounds good...My husband's still drinking although I'm definitely the one with the problem. ..Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. White-knuckling it on the drive home...Advice wisdom strategies my sobernaut buddies?
----------immediate responses--------

Once I got some time under my belt did a bunch of reflecting thinking reading and writing I came to see not drinking as a choice. And a really good choice. Being sober stopped being a burden and became much easier. Looking at sobriety as a burden or punishment is a victim mentality avoids personal responsibility or accountability for past actions and makes it really difficult as you have to use willpower alone because your deflator setting is drink. Once you switch the default to not drink all this becomes way easier to relax into. ..Like many here This Naked Mind helped give me some more vocabulary around what is was already thinking. The insight into the biochemical basis of alcohol addiction was incredibly helpful. ..I own my sobriety with pride. This is no punishment. This is me choosing to walk a different path. 
NOLA reportedly has some kick ass AA meetings put the beads in the basket?
I agree with trying to frame it as I don't *have* to drink to enjoy a good time (and I also read *This Naked Mind*). I don't need to buy into the alcohol industry's lies about how I can't have fun or let loose without it. Fuck that! I'll show YOU alcohol industry! I don't *have* to drink. That doesn't mean I can't still go out and make other bad choices like staying out late or drinking way too much coffee or eating junk...And it IS hard to think "I'll never get to drink again this is boring and I hate being good." There are 2 thoughts I had: 1 I realized as more time went on that it wasn't *my* complaint it was the alcohol gremlin's. And 2 just because I have chosen to not drink today and probably tomorrow doesn't mean I can't ever have a drink ever again. But at least for today I can play the tape forward and see that drinking is not a good idea. I'll cross all the other bridges when I get to them...Happy Tuesday :)
I just came back from a quite wild happy hour Mardi Gras party. I did not drink at all. In fact I still go to parties and dance and whatever just even without drinking. So I think you can still cut loose get wild whatever and even collect beads  :-) without drinking.
I had 5 months of no drinking then I drank and it was fun but the affects of the poison were so shitty that I wished so badly that I didn't drink.  I know that when I drink I drink to get drunk and therefore have bad hangovers.  ..In fact I drank for two months not every day but weekend binging again.  The whole time I felt guilty and knew that drinking is NOT in alignment with my goals...I like to think about the true cost of drinking alcohol.  When I'm craving I'm ONLY thinking of the fun part and letting my mind crave and day dream about it.  This is not a good strategy because it's not the full perspective.  The full truth is that while I like how alcohol makes me feel I also HATE how it makes me feel.  The negative part lasts way longer.....
From one sober friend to another I went to a mardis gras themed benefit party for a nonprofit tonight saw a few people I really didn't want to see and others I really did and didn't drink a drop. They only had seltzer and filled my tiny plastic cup half way each time which went SO fast. And of course as soon as I got home guess what I got the itch and still didn't drink. IWNDWYT
So I made it home sober put on my yoga pants and climbed into bed at 6:30 PM. I was reading your comments at red lights and at the gas station while filling up - thank you all so much. ..IWNDWYT 
