-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/axxs7v/newbies_guide_to_first_few_12_step_meetings/

Hi Stopdrinking!..I got clean through AA and a 12 step programme...I struggled to get it. But now I'm 6 months clean and sober and it's wonderful! I don't miss it at all!..1. Every person in those rooms suffered with alcohol. They will be friendly and supportive. ..2. Blackout drunk doesn't mean knockout. It means drinking so much you don't remember it all the next day...3. Rock bottom is the worst point in their drinking. It doesn't have to be homeless. Mine was giving myself panic attacks losing jobs being miserable all the time...4. A sponsor is a more sober/experienced person of the same sex as you who will guide you through the steps. Like a one on one councillor. They don't have any professional qualifications all they do is share their experience and the teachings of the big book...5. Don't worry about god. It's non-religious. I'm non-religious. It's my strongly held view that all religions are man made balls. However Iam spiritual now. Higher power represents whatever you believe created the world and the cosmos. Or just anything more powerful than your ego. Eg. The collective spirit and 12 steps of aa...6. 12 steps are a guide to live by. They are a replacement for depending upon alcohol to live/feel ok...7. Don't worry in the early days about not having drink at all for the rest of your life. In the early days just get through today...8. Acceptance and surrender are my two favourite words in recovery. Acceptance = I'm not in charge and there's loads of questions I'll never get definitive answers to. Surrender = Iam not as powerful as alcohol. Therefore I leave it alone altogether and replace it with AA fellowship and 12 steps. Surrender is counter intuitive. I thought they would get me to fight harder but it's realising I get beaten everytime I drink...9. Be honest. Ask questions. Look for the similarities not the differences...10. AA is about collective spirit. By help a newcomer like you the AA-er is helping themselves...Warning: just like in any environment there maybe people who don't have your best interests at heart. Just try to keep your wits about you if someone is behaving inappropriately/creepily...TLDR:.Keep it simple. 12 steps replaces drinking. Keep going to meetings. Keep asking questions. It works if you want it to work - that's my experience and I'm a devout non-religious person with a job and a degree living in the UK...CHEERS.IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

My AA experience is very similar to yours thanks for sharing this.  I love my life since coming in to the rooms and getting sober I really do.  I'm glad you have found success one day at a time.
This was very helpful and comforting to someone just now going back into meetings. I appreciate it. Great work on your sobriety it is inspiring even in text across the ol internet. Means there might be a destination down the line for me or something like that. I guess just that it's possible. Anyway thanks   
Good stuff!  Thanks for sharing!..Recovery meetings and the fellowship helped me do that which I alone could not do: Live an *Unimpaired Life* with Gratitude each day no matter what happens. 
Great perspective. I'm manning an AA helpline in the UK right now and even though I've been around a while this helps me. Thanks.
Hi u/SoberSimon. As written this post violates our rule to speak from the "I" as defined in the sidebar. Example: "Keep going to meetings. Keep asking questions." Would you be willing to edit it in accordance with our rule? Thanks.
Wow that's a lot of clarity in one condensed post! This is great stuff.
I am running issues w #5 on my own journey where I am not religious and don't have an interest in spirituality.  Step 2 and beyond is causing me an issue. 
Thanks for this. I too am agnostic in AA and it worked for me despite my prejudices and other issues...I would only suggest an edit to #1. Some of the folks in the room are as scared as you are or as socially handicapped- so they may not be able to show their love...and one or two may be assholes - like everywhere else. Ignore them
I have found my solution in AA. I know it's not for everyone. I heard a couple weeks ago that the opposite of addiction is connection. ..Whatever the addiction...knowing we're not alone and having support with like minded people is the key...imo...I get drunk we stay sober...IWNDWYT    
Thank you for this post because even though I'm feeling very strong I'd like to start attending meetings. Why? ..1.) So my husband doesn't have to hear me talk about my sobriety every day. He was a heavy drinker but doesn't have a problem having one or two now that I've quit. He's a normie the weirdo. I want to spare him repetitive conversations where he has limited insight. ..2.) I'm in therapy. My therapist is wonderful. However I don't want to spend my full 50 minutes at $155 a pop talking about not drinking. I have C-PTSD attachment issues and other fish to fry...3.) My friendships are limited and the ones I do have are with people still drinking heavily or otherwise. I'd like to form new friendships with people who also want to avoiding drinking activities and locations. ..That said I've got serious worries about AA...Your #5 is the biggest. I live in the Bible Belt and it's not just that most people here are religious. They wear their Christianity on their sleeves and fully expect everyone else to be on board. In particular I live in a majority African American community and many of their racial identities are tied up in the church. It's easy to say "Don't worry about god" but where I'm at people will actively look down on you for not embracing their Christian god. They will literally believe you to be incapable of morality without it. So I'm honestly scared to attend local AA meetings. ..The second biggest worry I have is your comment that "12 Steps replaces drinking." I have already replaced my drinking with stuff I like to do like reading writing napping etc. I don't want to replace drinking with meetings. I want to use them to enhance my sober life if that makes any sense. I think community is important and know deep down that the opposite of addiction is connection. I'd like to create connections with other sober people. I just don't know if AA meetings are going to be barking up the wrong tree...&amp;#x200B;
A good thing to know especially as a female newcomer is if someone is acting creepy you can tell a home group member of they are making you uncomfortable...A lot of female home group members that have been around awhile know who the men are that like to pickup new members and have no problem telling them to pay off when you arent able to and not be obvious about it. ..I have told a few men to lay off the newcomer and have no problem doing it again they are the ones in the wrong not you so please dont hesitate to tell us.
I'm so sorry! That wasn't my intention at all. I'm just saying I'm glad I didn't let my preconceived ideas about AA get in the way of going. I was actually excited to discover there are specifically meetings for atheists that you can find in a lot of heavily Christian areas and that there are web sites dedicated to making them easy to find. I wasn't sure at all about where to find information before someone pointed this out to me. I lived in Central Texas for 4 years and have been to meetings there and completely understand what the culture in the Bible Belt is like. I was only talking about my own expectations when I said that I felt like the program should be tailored to me. I have no idea what your experience has been or what your expectations are I can only speak to the way my mind works and my own hang ups. Absolutely wishing you the best in your journey and if/when you decide to go to a recovery program lots of relief and support!!
Well written. I could write a novel on my thoughts and ideas experiences and opinions on AA. I like to stick to the traditions though and keep it welcome to those willing to stop drinking.  ...IWNDWYT
AA saved my life. I used to be a homeless drunk and spent 20 years in the madness. When I finally got sober I went back to the same homeless shelter and mainly the same day shelter I drank at in my homelessness. They provide many services housing jobs showers laundry and many more. Staying in meetings working with my sponsor and attending a step workshop that run you through the 12 steps as a group in 4 weeks kept my sanity. I was housed in government housing about 4 months into sobriety and my higher power that I choose to call God has been wonderful. Through my service work in AA I was capable of giving back to the homeless by volunteering at the very day shelter I used in my drinking days. AA has given me my life back 
Thank you for sharing. I went to my first meeting this week and am going to my second tonight. I had no idea what to expect and like you am non religious. But I opened my mind and understand the higher power aspect from my own perspective. 
