-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ay0pbh/day_23_and_relationships/

Day 23 and I am thinking about my relationships. ..I am living with my boyfriend who is the best. He has been really understanding and encouraging. He is a partner on my journey of improving my quality of life. ..And then there is my ex husband...The first time I got sober was for him. I didn't drink for three years of our marriage while he got wasted around me and used the distance from my family to his advantage. I am thankful for that time of sobriety. I do not think I would have had the courage to move on from that relationship. We have been separated/divorced now for almost four years and somehow he still is involved in my life. At first I was his counselor through our divorce. Then he had a moment of realization and came out to everyone. I was his counselor through that time as well. Then he had a hipster enlightening and has made it clear at every moment how much better than me he thinks he is. He has shamed me for the times I have struggled. He has put me down for physical changes over the years. And throughout this entire time he has been sending me gifts. This is really why I am writing this. I feel like he has attempted to secure his place in my life forever by periodically sending me gifts. ..I am graduating from college in the summer. The most recent gift arrives today. Apparently a gift for graduation that had to be sent early. ..Just these past 23 days have given me more clarity on this relationship. Am I wrong to feel like this is an attempt to maintain some control in my life even four years later?
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Am I wrong to feel like this is an attempt to maintain some control in my life even four years later?..Not at all. That doesn't sound like the gift is from a place of love rather a way to hold something (control? anger? resentment?) over you like you allude to. I know of a few people who are friends with their exes and no one who still receive gifts from exes. This sounds like a one sided relationship that you need to move on from do what's best for you and your recovery.
Boundaries are a gift of sobriety! You can set them now or you can think about this for a while and set them later. You have the power here. ..Also I'm laughing with you at that hipster enlightenment thing gross. Also also congrats on getting that degree! You're killin' it...I won't drink with you today. xxx
That's hella controlling. If I were you I would tell the ex in no uncertain terms that you don't want anything from him block them and never talk to them again. Return any gifts and packages to sender...I'm still friends with an ex - but we didn't talk for at least a year and I think that's important when we did reconnect we were both different people we had moved on matured. We both knew that we were not attracted to each other as anything other than a mutual respect for a non-shit human.
It sounds to me that you know the answer to your question. It doesn't sound healthy to me for any party involved.  Also I've been your boyfriend your relationship with your ex effects him also even if he says it doesn't. All the best and congrats on 23!..IWDWYT.
