-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ay0w4n/struggling_after_losing_a_job_offer/

Hello today is my 41st day sober but right now I'm struggling. Earlier this week I was offered a state job with decent pay and good benefits. They asked me to put in my two-weeks notice at my current job which I did on Monday...However this morning they emailed me to inform me that they were withdrawing the offer due to my criminal background check. They told me that I had passed the background check a few days ago but now they say they were "advised to withdraw the offer" by the administrative office...I'm feeling very hopeless right now because I was very excited about this job and the prospect of getting out of the service industry (where I have to work with/around booze)...I feel like drinking right now.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey! Don't drink! I lost my job at around 50 days and it was the BEST thing that ever happened to me in sobriety. My sponsor told me to dig in get unemployment if I could (I was fired and they still allowed me to pick up benefits so it's worth asking) and hit up some afternoon meetings along with my regular evening ones...It ended up jumpstarting my freelance career and now I'm doing the job I wouldn't even let myself dream about before I got sober because it felt too depressing to have dreams...It also gave me the chance to really make getting sober the center of my life for a while which is ultimately what also ended a year and a half of brutal relapses around the 30-day mark...I opened up about what I was going through in my meetings and there were folks there who had quit high paying jobs and worked something lower stress for their entire first year by choice (hah imagine...). You're not alone here. And I won't drink with ya today. xxxx
Drinking will not help.  Not this and nothing else I have come across up to and including snakebite.   ( not me a friend in AA )..You may be able to appeal if you staysober and make some calls.
I'm sorry to hear that. That must be a very stressful situation to be in. I really hope everything pans out for you.
Hey I'm sorry. That's a super shitty turn of events.  You have every right to feel bad be pissed off or whatever uncomfortable feelings you have.  All I know is that drinking right now wont make anything better. I heard a quote somewhere that went along the lines of "drinking is like borrowing happiness from your future." You might feel better temporarily but at least in my case that temporary happiness is borrowed with interest.
I've found that jobs that didn't work out always turned out to be in my best interest because something more suitable was in the wings.  Just food for thought.  I definitely would trust the process and not give up hope or my sobriety knowing that something could just fall right into my lap at any second.
I'm sorry that sucks. Sounds like it wasn't no *forever* just for now assuming nothing new comes in.....I find playing the tape forward to be useful. If you do drink what will that accomplish? If I'm honest with myself I didn't drink to 'numb the emotions' I drank to punish myself and would wallow in how my life sucks and then use that as a reason to keep drinking. And then the next morning I feel like shit cause I'm hungover drank again still feel like my life is a mess and still don't have a job offer. So it brings me literally nothing positive. But it will bring other risks and negativities. If I'm going to wallow in my misery I prefer to do it in front of a Netflix binge with a chunk of smelly blue cheese or a big bowl of ice cream..Iwndwyt
Oh that's really hard. I'm sorry that happened. Let's not drink together today
Fuck I'm going through literally this exact same scenario as we speak awaiting the results of a background check. I'm trying my best to stay sober but I'm thinking they're going to find something unsavory. I've never gotten a felony or been convicted of a DUI but there is a "fleeing the scene" charge. Please don't drink let's get through this together.
Just remember that there's nothing so bad in life that drinking can't make worse...Not only will drinking not make this crummy situation any better it could make it a hell of a lot crummier.
Sometimes getting fired/quitting is the best thing that can happen to you. IWNDWYT!
