-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/az0v10/waste/

I'm a piece of shit. That's an exaggeration but it's how I cope. I'm sure I shouldn't be posting while I'm drunk but that's when I'm most open. I was nervous about this weekend due to my history of weekend relapses and already have crossed that line. IDK what I'm looking to get from this post. I'm just mad at myself I guess. For the record I don't go out to drink and the trigger was my usual drinking buddy coming by (he didn't mention alcohol it was just an association thing where as soon as he hit me up alcohol was on my mind). I thought I'd be strong this weekend. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not the fall that matters man. It's whether you get back up afterwards. ..Alcoholism is a disease. Cut yourself some slack and try again. At least you have identified a trigger that you can now choose to avoid. ..You got this if you want it. And if you start over tomorrow I will not drink with you. 
I was in the same situation a couple of nights ago. I met an old friend in a bar he texted me in the morning and from then I was thinking about drinking. The addictive voice( monster beast wine witch etc.) is very strong and wouldn't shut up so I drank.  Friends and old patterns the weight of their and my expectations are huge triggers for me. Perhaps we need to let them know and swerve them for a while until we have a better handle on it. Rational Recovery by Jack Trimpney has done great stuff on the addictive voice so I think I'm going to read that again. Good luck and IWNDWYT.
Sorry you're going through this...Since our guidelines prohibit us from posting drunk perhaps you can get some rest and come back later?..We'll be here and happy to support you any way that we can :).
As outlined in the community guidelines we ask that you only post when you have not been drinking. For this reason we had to remove your post. But we'll be here tomorrow if you want to come back then.
