-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azb58t/hungover_today_struggling_recently/

I don't want to give my whole drunkalog here but I'm a 35 year old who's been drinking immoderately for the better part of 20 years. I would say that I've actively tried to quit drinking at least once a year since I was in my very early 20s. I even used to have a Reddit account that I used to post here in this sub though it's long since been deleted...In my younger days I often drank uncontrollably and did a lot of really stupid shit. I have injuries and regrets and lost jobs and lost friendships to show for it. In recent years I have become a family man and a professional and managed to curb my drinking for the most part. I no longer have terrible ruinous binges but I still drink more than I intend to and often feel pretty awful after I do it...Two weeks ago I helped produce a live show for a comedian friend and was so anxious about the whole experience that I got wasted during it. I was hungover for two full days and then the hangover turned into a cold which I still am not over. I told myself for the thousandth time "That's it. I'm done drinking."..There's beer and wine and booze in the house and I had no problem not drinking it. I have never really had an overwhelming physical urge to drink. However I definitely anxiously thought about alcohol every day for two weeks. Negotiating with myself whether I should quit entirely or moderate or if I'm making a big deal of nothing. I recognize that this preoccupation I have with drinking is itself a red flag...Then yesterday I was invited out for Friday happy hour with some new work colleagues. I didn't want to be the weird new guy who doesn't drink so of course I went. I didn't drink a lot   four beers in six hours   yet I still woke up feeling horrible. It seems like my body is finally telling me that it's had enough of even a moderate night out drinking. My brain is all foggy and I have a lot of work to do that I can't focus on. I have no idea why I can't just cut this habit loose...But I'm sober today. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Today's the day that counts so that's tite! 
Welcome (back)! I hear you. I finally was able to say goodbye at the age of 49. It's fucking HARD to do we are *inundated* with it everywhere. It's hard. But if it you gives you any hope this sub is the main reason I have made it this far. I look forward to hearing more from you if you decide to hang out again. :)
Do you have any external support for getting sober? I needed help to finally stop.
