-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azexgw/a_quiet_celebration_of_5_months_of_sobriety/

I finally decided to make an account so that I could post on here and I am elated to tell you all that I'm officially 5 months sober! For the past few years I've been studying at a university overseas and not many people here know that I've struggled with drinking (despite having unwittingly seen me drunk on many occasions)...When I decided to get sober I felt so utterly alone and lacking a support network here; I had nobody to confide in aside from my girlfriend back home. I tried seeking treatment here but my GP simply gave me the address of an outreach facility that had closed down months ago (which I discovered after making the journey all the way there hungover and experiencing withdrawals). I truly never thought that I would be able to make it *5 entire months* without touching even a drop of alcohol especially since so many university social events are explicitly centred around binge drinking. ..If you had told me 5 months and one day ago that this is what my life would look like right now I wouldn't have believed you. I'm big into Thai boxing now I'm eating healthy reading lots and my grades have drastically improved. I've made leaps and bounds in repairing the damage I did to my relationships with family and friends. I'm still stressed and fatigued sure but in a healthy functioning way. I don't know why today seems different than any of the other milestones for me but I'm feeling incredibly proud and optimistic right now. The only people who know about this achievement are my mom my girlfriend and now you guys...So here's a quiet tonic water (or other non-alcoholic beverage) toast to 5 months free from hangovers withdrawals begging doctors for valium pissing myself in my sleep and forgetting all of the important moments. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 5 months of freedom    
Wow! Congratulations on 5 months of sobriety! You're doing so good. Our stories sound very similar.   ..IWNDWYT! 
Congratulations on 5 months! You should be super proud of yourself. IWNDWYT!
Congratulations on 5 months! I'm happy for you.
Congrats! 5 months is amazing and tough to get to. You deserve to celebrate. Put some lemon in that sparkling water! ;) Tipping my coffee to you now.
*Thai boxing now I'm eating healthy reading lots and my grades have drastically improved.* ..*hangovers withdrawals begging doctors for valium pissing myself in my sleep.*..Mutually exclusive set of behaviors aren't they?..Congrats on 5 months.  Awesome!..iwndwyt
Congratulations!  Well Done!
Keep at it!
Such an incredible accomplishment proud of you stranger!
You should feel proud .
Congratulations to you! I'm so happy you feel better. 5 months is a big deal:)
Wow what an inspiration thanks for sharing 
Congratulations! 
Well done you deserve to feel proud IWNDWYT but I will have a tonic  
YAAAAAASSSS!! What a fantastic story. My GP was also zero help and my addictions counsellor was even worse...I did it on my own as well with a stronger support group then you but most of that group mysteriously vanished during it. So it was me and detoxing. ..I'm on day 17 and I cannot believe just how much I was missing. All of the problems are still here but to be able to just deal with them sober is incredible...IWNDWYT
Good job man much love! IWNDWYT 
