-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azqcnz/im_5_days_sober_and_im_really_struggling/

I had been drinking daily in excess for the better part of three years with my partner. It started with us playing shows then the after parties then it was bars with friends and before I knew it we were sharing a 750ml of vodka every day. I thought that I had been having panic attacks because my heart would race and my body would shake and nothing I could do would calm me down. I finally went to the hospital and after revealing my drinking habit: it hit me that I was an alcoholic. They gave me a dose of medication and sent me home and two days later I was drinking again. I hit my limit when I started passing out while drinking with friends I awoke the next morning with shakes and a racing heart and went back to the hospital. I told my dad and my sister and they came to support me. My partner promised he would stop drinking too and I was feeling really hopeful that this time we could do it. I was given Librium to take home with me and it's really been helping....Until tonight. It was a friend of mines birthday and all of my friends were taking shots and drinking beers and all I could do was stare at the floor. My partner started drinking two days ago just a few beers but tonight he was taking shots with our friends. .I'm disappointed in him but what's worse is this rage of jealousy that I feel that he can so easily fall back into it. Every word he says to me feels like an attack even though I know it's not. He may not be holding up his end of the bargain as far as not drinking goes but I know he's trying..Even now I've just separated myself from him and set myself up in our guest room because I just can't be around him. He's been drinking and I can smell it and it's driving me crazy. I want a drink so badly and they're easily available. But I don't want to fail. I can't fail. I can't let myself do this to myself again..Is it normal to feel so angry all the time? It feels like I'm going mad. The smallest things set me off and I'm aware of my irrational responses but I can't control them I can only apologize afterwards..I'm only taking the Librium now when I feel the symptoms start which is only once a day now. .I don't know if I've met the requirements to post on this sub but I really need someone to tell me it'll be okay because it really doesn't feel like it will be. But it has to be. ..TLDR; newly sober partner started drinking again really struggling with sobriety and anger..
----------immediate responses--------

Can you go and stay with your dad and sister for a few days to get some perspective? 
I can relate to the anger!   I was mad that I couldn't drink  mad that I wanted to drink  mad at my genetics and my parents and my brain for making me an alcoholic  mad at everyone who was drinking  mad (ie jealous) at sober people who weren't drinking  oooh buddy I was pissed off all the time!  The good news is that for me it was only constant for a week or so after that it was more sporadic.   Not gonna lie  sugar calmed my beast I ate a lot of candy in the first couple months!   ..
The anger goes away.  I went to rehab and I was a mental basket case for the first 2-3 weeks.  One day I woke up and was like christ I was acting like a spoiled little bitch and I just need to relax and I did.  It takes some times and while 5 days sober you may be past most of the physical withdrawals the mental stuff takes some times...For a while I got really annoyed with drunk people thinking stuff like "they're exaggerating I would three times as much and not be that obnoxious" but eventually I just stopped really caring.  I've been around people drinking a fair bit in the past few months and I don't really recall thinking much of them just avoided them if they were obnoxiously drunk.
You did the right thing by coming here!   .I found it helpful to avoid those situations the first few months. Of course I felt FOMO but the longer I abstained the more I realized im not missing anything.
My partner drinks and I get angry too. I hate the smell and the blank weird look in his eyes and not knowing if hes going to be a dick or a clown. ..I had to focus on my choice to be sober. I had to walk my own path. ..It's ok for you to ask him to not drink around you. It's ok to have boundaries to protect your sobriety and sanity!!!..It's hard in those first weeks but it gets so much easier. I no longer have the temptation to drink when he's drinking I'm glad I'm not because I dont want to look and act so foolish! ..You can do this!!! Iwndwy
