-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azszzt/if_i_could_tackle_the_anxiety_id_be_more_confident/

Hello first time poster. I waited to post until i was thinking more clearly and not as emotional. I really want to stop drinking altogether however the pure anxiety of withdrawal keeps me at bay. I struggle with anxiety to begin with and it's part of why i started drinking every night. I'm in a better place mentally and feel like I'm ready to stop but the idea of the side effects being fatal terrifies me. Does anyone else struggle with this? Would tapering off be a better option? Just wondering how others cope with the anxiety.
----------immediate responses--------

For me alcohol was *causing* my anxiety. It almost completely disappeared after a few short weeks. Alcohol is well known to exacerbate anxiety and depression. The sense of relief you get from it is most likely from scratching the craving itch it is physically impossible for alcohol to help long term. And there are much less dangerous drugs out there to treat anxiety...Reading *This Naked Mind* was essential for me. I still have bad days where I am anxious but it's only a couple days a month vs all the time...Good luck! Iwndwyt.
I have anxiety.  I drank to escape.  What I have found is that in sobriety a great deal of peace has come to my life. Yes I still have anxiety but it's way less.  And I have an overall feeling of wellbeing.  I don't have to rush to a drink to get through an anxiety attack...All this came because I got help from this support group and took it one day at a time.  I'm rooting for you my friend!
 Alcohol is to anxiety as saltwater is to thirst.     .    .If you're worried about withdrawal go to the doctor and be honest. You will need to come up with a plan. There is medication that can help.    .    .iwndwyt
Anxiety and severe depression caused me to drink - Ive never truly been able to tackle these emotions full on without using alcohol as a crutch to numb me so I'm kind of nervous to hit this head on while choosing to live a sober life now. 
I struggle with anxiety. Contact buzzing anxiety. I would have crippling hangxiety after I drank. I was so wrecked with anxiety after drinking 1 beer to 15. Didn't matter. ..Once I stopped drinking it got soooo much better. I still have anxiety (i think all humans do!) But i can get through it. It doesn't take me over and immobilize me. ..I had a hard time with boundaries and speaking up for myself. Now I will care for myself when I'm anxious. I never really did that I'd just drink and force myself to do things I didnt want to do (socializing parties etc). I have the clarity to say no! ..Being sober was the key to handling my anxiety. The main thing I now get really anxious about is when I think about drinking again- I'm filled with dread. The good thing is I don't have to drink anymore! Yay!..Iwndwy
13 days sober today. It turns out the wine I was drinking to shut down my anxiety was only making it worse. I can't believe how much better I feel and how much easier my anxiety is to manage without the alcohol and it hasn't even been two full weeks. The relief I'm experiencing is so worth not having a drink. As far as withdrawal symptoms go I would highly recommend talking to your Dr. They can help. IWNDWYT! 
