-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/aztmqy/extreme_fatigue_after_sobering_up/

Good morning all! I hope this isn't an inappropriate post as it has to do not only with alcohol but mental/physical health only because I feel it may be relevant. I will gladly remove the post if this is not the right place to talk about the latter topic :) I will preface by saying that I'm absolutely not seeking medical advice. ..Today marks 49 days of sobriety for me. I am so grateful for the positive changes that have come about because of it. I'm attending AA have a sponsor and am working the steps and have met a great group of sober friends. Mentally I feel pretty good but physically I have been struggling with overpowering physical fatigue since I put down the bottle...I've been late to work or completely called out almost every week since quitting (grateful that my job is understanding; it has not been held against me). I actually changed my working hours so that I start 90 minutes later each day which still hasn't been a cure-all for getting in on time. I sleep through 4 alarms (phone and actual alarm clock) and/or feel so drained upon waking that I cannot get myself out of bed for up to 45 minutes of being awake. I feel groggy for the first couple hours after waking too. None of those issues are normal for me. Today I called out of work completely (again) and am feeling incredibly frustrated ashamed guilty and even angry. ..I do take Lithium and Lexapro--have been on them since before getting sober--and since getting sober my doctor suggested I try prescription-strength Vitamin D (50000 units per week) and B12 supplements so I have been doing those for about a month. I haven't had labs taken since just before I quit drinking but even then everything except my Vitamin D and B12 was normal. I have them re-checked next month. ..I'm just confused and frustrated. I would have thought that I'd be more energized without all that alcohol in my system or at least by this point any initial fatigue would have worked itself out. I've been less punctual and reliable from a work standpoint than I was when I was blacking out on weeknights. Has anyone else dealt with this type of reaction in early sobriety? Any insight on how long it lasted for you what made it better or what made it worse? ..Thank you for reading. Hope everyone has a happy sober day. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Took me about 90 days to get my energy back. Everyone is different but it sounds pretty normal to me. 
I'm still working on it myself. Overall I feel far better than when I was drinking but I still find myself running up against either sleeping too much or not having enough energy a couple days of the week. I do try to push the exercise quite a bit though...I will not drink with you today.
I wonder if the Lithium and Lexapro have more of an impact when a person stops drinking.   I'd ask the doctor.  I'd also have my thyroid function checked.
I definitely experienced exhaustion for the first few weeks after I quit drinking. I think it was my body purging a lot of the toxic crap out and the mental exhaustion of being worried about how I was going to reorder my life now that it didn't center around alcohol. Have you also moved your bedtime up at all? I started going to bed earlier and that helped a lot. That being said it couldn't hurt to ask your doctor about it.
could be thyroid issues that were masked by alcohol. if you have c/ptsd or survived a bit of childhood trauma or may be on the autism spectrum the chances are higher...i'm at 25 days sober (i don't know why my badge is off...) and have been very confused about the fatigue as well. i go to the gym and eat alright and take a multivitamin everyday. i've also been drinking a lot of b vitamin heavy teas and anti stress tinctures. i do think it's important to remember that everyone is different. just because most of the literature on it says 2 weeks will clear out the fog doesn't mean it's consistent for all...might not hurt to see a doc if you are able to get the thyroid checked out as your case does seem to be a bit extreme. best of luck.
