-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azv49w/day_1_again/

So I've known I have a problem with alcohol for a few years now but the longest time I've managed to stay sober was about 90 days last year. Since I relapsed and ended that streak I've been drinking about once every week or two weeks. Which is a far cry from where I have been before but the problem I have is when I drink now I really go for it. I binge and feel like complete shit the next day especially mentally. Anxious but unable to sleep so also extremely tired. Today I'm still laying in bed at nearly 11am having been awake for hours but feeling too awful to get up and do anything...I have tried AA meetings before and wasn't a big fan but I know I should at least be trying to make it to them. It's hard for me to get to one because of my schedule and the distance (a 45 minute drive) but I know if I really tried I could. I really have no valid reason why I keep doing this to myself other than I just really want to numb out sometimes when I feel lonely and overwhelmed...and I tell myself since it's only one night or so a week I'm not really "that" bad anymore. My SO doesn't even know I have a problem. I never drink around him. I don't even want to drink when I'm with him. And it makes me feel shit to be hiding this from him which compounds my shame and just makes me want to drink more when I'm alone. But it's just such a hard topic to approach--even more so because he has never seen any evidence of my problem somehow. Like I'm almost as afraid that he won't believe me as I am that he'll judge me or leave me because of it. ..I work at a liquor store full time which obviously doesn't help but I dont think it's the reason for my inability to stay sober...if it was I think I would feel more tempted after being at the store all day. I normally drink on days off and nights that my SO isn't here (he lives in a different town and works some nights.)..I don't really know what I need to hear from this post. I know all the tools. I've been pretty active in another online recovery group for almost a year now. Although lately it feels like I should just leave. I mean if I *really* wanted to be sober I would be trying harder right? I just wanted to vent I guess. I'm kind of tired of whining about my struggle in my main recovery group. I feel like a burden to them honestly even though it's a very supportive group. This has just been going on for way too long. Thanks for reading. I have work in a little while so I'll have to crawl out of bed and get ready to muddle through a  anxious shitty day at the store. I wont drink today though. 
----------immediate responses--------

One of these days might just be the day you say  not today.   
Hi! I have a thousand day 1s too. Today I won't drink with you. ..I prayed for help with staying sober just a minute ago. I realized I need to have a plan of things to do tonight which involve no alcohol. Whatever works for you but I'll be here. 
Just focus on not drinking today.  
Have you thought about Opening up to him about your problem and do you have the desire to be sober? 
