-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azv60z/the_pain_of_feeling_like_a_failure/

It has been four days since I stopped drinking. I am sitting alone at home right now because my drinking drove my wife to move out and take the kids with her. Over the last 30 years I went from my first drink in college to constantly drinking during my time on active duty to now. There has been so much time that I have lost during those 30 decades that I know I will never get back. The blackouts the fights the loss of money and now the loss of my family. I hadn't had a blackout during the last four months but I was drinking 6 to 10 beers a night. Throw whiskey on top of that and the recipe for disaster was created. I have been fortunate not to have dealt with the law during that time God has provided his grace to me whether I realized during that time or not. Now I know for sure that there is purpose for all of the pain I am currently going through. What it is I do not yet know...&amp;#x200B;..As I am reflecting on the last six months I am piecing together the map of pain and destruction that my drinking has taken my family through. I do believe that my wife still loves me she's just not in love with me right now. I do get to see my kids and can speak to them freely so that is a blessing. ..&amp;#x200B;..Drinking for me started as a way to fit it. I always had issues with self esteem and wanted to fit it. When drinking I could do anything and was one with the group. After active duty it became a form of self medication for mental and physical injuries sustained during service. No matter how may times the doctors told me that alcohol would not let the medications work properly I just went back to alcohol. It was just so easy to drink to make the pain go away not matter how much the pain came back even worse. I would just trudge through my day until I could drink again. The days after I stopped drinking have been painful for sure. The sweats the seemingly unqwuentionable desire to just go the gas station across the street for a tall boy but I have fought off the desire. Now I am just struggling with filling my waking hours with something to do. When my wife left she took all of the money in our account and so I find myself with a few dollars in my pocket that I have to make last until the end of the month. My physical and mental injuries from service have left me unable to work. It hurts too much to sit for extended periods of time and my anxiety keeps me from dealing with people outside of my immediate family effectively. I am just hoping that I can just get alcohol behind me so that I can better work on anxiety issues more effectively...&amp;#x200B;..I feel like such a failure. I failed my kids. I failed my wife. I failed myself. I am just trying to keep my eyes focused on that light at the end of the proverbial tunnel. I have faith that it will work out it's just so hard...&amp;#x200B;..I am looking for alternative groups to traditional AA. I tried AA before and was put off by non-religiousness aspect. I understand that it's a program designed to appeal to as many people as possible. Growing up and practicing Catholicism I my understanding of God is he more than just a higher power. In the past I was not able to get past that hurdle in the meetings. I will be going to meetings and just do my best to reconcile AA's steps with my faith. I will continue to work towards putting all of my faith in God Jesus and the Holy Spirit in order to make sense of my disordered existence...&amp;#x200B;..Thank you all for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

The booze bubble made me feel similar in many ways. Anxiety has diminished within about a month of quitting drink. I can look people in eye again. Keep the faith brother. IWNDWYT 
You haven't failed you merely took the hardest route possible to be a success to yourself and your family. I'm sure you like to be competitive and enjoy a challenge. Drinking is the easiest thing to do. It takes minimal effort to win. The real challenge is winning every hour and every day and every week. The toll that drinking has on your mental and physical state is crushing but it took you 30 years to get where you are now and it's not going to be overnight for you to change...Pick yourself up take a shower put clothes on like your going to a job interview eat something healthy for one meal. Drink a shit load of water. I choose to drink bubbly or Publix greenwise soda water to simulate beer drinking yes it does taste like TV static but at least it doesn't give me a hangover. Challenge yourself on good behaviors. ..This is not an easy journey but it's one that will be so worthwhile once you embark on it. Be the man you know you are. Be positive. Expect tough hours and days don't any away from them. If you didn't want to change you would still be trying to make excuses and avoid the challenge...The best part is you have a support system here. You can do it and you know you can
Im on day 4 too. I know how you feel. I'm just about in the same boat with you. One day at a time bud. We are here for one another.IWNDWYT.
Hey I have just re-started too. I take it one day at a time. I also try to look forward not backward. I know there are things you will need to resolve with your wife that may require you to look backwards but I imagine a new and improved you may also make her keen to look forward! Take it easy on yourself please? Guilt and shame are heavy burdens and in the past for me they have become triggers for fresh bad behaviour. I believe in you! And IWNDWYT.
