-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/azz39t/i_need_some_help_for_a_friend/

Personally I don't have a problem with alcohol but I understand that I've heard this group is incredibly helpful for those who do. .I was wondering if I could ask for some advice if that's alright. .I've noticed my friend has recently been increasing his alcohol intake and to him it doesn't seem like a problem even though he has expressed his worries about it minorly. .But recently he's been through some trauma (he's a trans f to m and that's all I can discuss) .And he's 16 almost 17 he's been drinking 2-3 times a week If not more even though he attends college 5 days a week with me..I feel as though it's becoming a problem and I'm scared for him I've tried discussing it with him but he makes a joke out of it..I've even tried mailing the friend he drinks with to stop her supplying or enabling it but she's ignored all of my attempts to contact her. .He's not even an adult yet and he's falling down a bad hole with smoking and drinking I don't know how to get it through to him his family are mad at him his girlfriend is mad at him I just need some advice on how I can help him stop or at least get through to him that he needs to find other ways to cope. ..If this isnt an appropriate post for this subreddit please let me know But I'm desperate right now. .As someone who's struggled with alcohol and drug use I've used all I can to help. .But I'm so lost and worried for him.
----------immediate responses--------

You're a caring person and it's clear you care for your friend...&gt;how I can help him stop..I can't get someone to stop who doesn't want to stop and attempts by me to do so will create drama anger and resentment...The best thing I can do for someone who is having a problem with substances is *avoid attempting to change them*...Of course that goes against what I "want for them"...I can give them love without giving trust and compassion without compromising my healthy boundaries.  ..There is a resource group called AL-Anon.   You might google it or look it up.   
Sorry to hear about your friend!..It's certainly not unusual for folks in the LGBTQ+ community to find themselves self-medicating emotional trauma with alcohol sadly......r/alanon would be a good sub to post this to it's the support group for friends and loved ones of those with an alcohol problem.....Letting him know that you're concerned about him and that you're willing to support him in any efforts to get help is about all you can do really and let him know that r/stopdrinking will help him if he wants to check it out.....Best of luck to you both!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I would also post this to /r/alanon..Really when I drank nobody could have done anything to make me stop it had to come from inside me. 
