-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b084c9/i_was_fired_yesterday/

I'm still in shock and can't quite wrap my head around the events leading up to it. I really just need to vent/pat myself on the back. And if anyone understands it will be the wonderful people here. ..Yesterday was my 9 month sobriety date. I was in a miserable job when I became sober and couldn't stay there for my own sanity. I was offered a job and for the last six months I've been working for who I thought was my best friend. Everything was going absolutely great until about two months ago. ..This friend (male) is someone I (female) used to drink with...constantly. That was our thing it was how we connected. Once I stopped drinking the dynamics changed a bit but he was supportive and assured me our friendship would stay strong. This man had become my best friend over the last three years and he was my support in many ways. We are both single parents and had learned to lean on each other for almost everything. ..After I stopped drinking I quickly realized I couldn't hide my feelings for him anymore. Around Christmas time he made a comment about not needing a relationship because he did all his  relationship stuff with me . I was beginning to realize he'd never feel the same feelings I had for him and I was just a place holder until he found someone he was interested in. Christmas Day I finally told him how I felt and although we had a rough week or two we were able to work together just fine. It was almost better than before because everything was out in the open. ..But unfortunately over the last couple months his drinking has become worse and worse. What was once a weekend binge turned into weeknight binges passing out throwing up yelling at me in public and sleeping all day despite work needing to be done. We barely saw eye to eye anymore and I had to take a step back from our personal lives for my own sanity. ..This week he is traveling out of state for work. Yesterday he sent a barely legible text accusing me of something I can prove wasn't true. In my attempt to sort out what he was talking about I got him on the phone and was berated for actions I never committed. After years of not standing up for myself in other relationships I had finally had enough and the conversation quickly became heated. He didn't like that at all and I was fired. Later I found out from the mutual friend he is staying with that he had been drinking before he even called me. ..I'm in shock and struggling to remain calm despite my new financial situation but I see so many things to be proud of here. First I didn't drink last night. I actually have no desire to drink or get high. My first reaction isn't to drown my sorrows in alcohol. And for that I am so incredibly grateful! I can face the task of job hunting fresh faced and ready to go. Secondly as much as I'm hurting about losing a friend I'm moving away from the toxicity in my life. I knew when I decided to stop drinking this friendship wouldn't last. I held on for so long and wanted to make it work. I'm going to miss his kids more than I can even say. But it's time to start making myself a priority and this is a huge step. ..Now I can move forward with my life in a more structured environment. I can find a job which isn't compromised but personal issues. And I can put my skills some newly learned from this last job to good use. ..Regardless of what life throws at me IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

This is horrible but it sounds like it might have been a necessary step to move away from this guy. IWNDWYT 
I am sorry to hear about your job and your friend. Maybe you could get unemployment while looking for another job? I know that there is a process to go through but I think if wrongful firing can be proved which it sounds like you can prove it then you can still get unemployment.
Way to go! When one door closes another one opens. This internet stranger is proud of you!
Sounds like a difficult step but you should be better in the long run.  What a good reason to stay sober!  
I hate to see you are going through this but boy are you taking this in stride. Impressive to say the least.  
Oh man... I'd be livid.
This may come off wrong but here goes.  Congratulations!  You should thank him and be grateful.  He did you a favor...The relationship in my opinion sounds very very toxic.  And it also seems to me that you were unwilling to end the relationship on your own.  Therefore this could have continued on for years...A day we don't drink is a good day a day something very bad happens and we don't drink is a great day!
Congratulations on not going back to drinking. I got away from toxic relationships that would threaten my sobriety. I also found out after I became sober which friends only liked hanging out with me when I drank.  Clearly your friend has a drinking problem that is clouding his judgment. He may well reach out to you someday when he realizes his problem with booze. 
Sick mans prayer homegirl. Hopefully down the road he finds the strength to handle his emotions in a healthier manner. Sounds like you are doing the dang deal congrats to you! IWNDWYT!
I understand this feeling.  I was fired indirectly related to my drinking.  No one not even a supervisor ever brought it to my attention.  That doesn't mean they weren't aware but surely my horrible attitude must've clued them in...Great job on not drinking!  It can be scary but you have a good community here supporting you.
Yep move on you totally don't need all that shit. You'll get a job put your best foot forward and start afresh with some new skills. Need to do the same myself! IWNDWYT
Yeah lady!..You've been true to yourself and your convictions. You should be proud!..IWNDWYT.
Congrats on getting through an emotional challenge without drinking. That's a big deal.  ...I'm surprised you stuck with an alcoholic after you got sober given you weren't married. I couldn't imagine dating an alcoholic now that I'm sober. It is about the furthest I can imagine from something I'd want to do.   ...I've seen this draw sober alcoholics back into drinking and though this situation hurts I wonder if you'll look back on it as a blessing. Seems to me that's the case.
Your life will turn around for the better because you deserve it! You go girl!!
Great post. See how strong you are? 
It sounds like you are leaving a bad situation and you have a really good attitude about it.  You are right -- since you are sober now you will be able to do the hard work of finding a new job.  I wasn't so fortunate.  I got fired when I was still drinking heavily.  I'm 9 days sober now but am still lacking motivation and not as mentally sharp as I'd like to be.  I think your boss/friend will regret what has happened.  Who knows -- maybe it will even cause him to recognize his drinking problem.  Best wishes.
Keep striving for your best self! Land a job create that savings and remember that everything is going to plan. It just didn't happen over night...It happens because you try!
On to better things.
"But it's time to start making myself a priority and this is a huge step. ".Someone once told me it is ok to be selfish in your sobriety.  You and your sobriety are more important than this relationship that was already falling apart.  
He sounds like he has a lot of problems to figure out in his life. You on the other hand are ready for bigger and better things!
I think you did good. It sounds like you're sticking up for yourself and that's brilliant. Much love and well done
Welcome to the ranks of the unemployed!  I was laid off last week after 22 years at the same place.  Didn't do anything wrong...I was just in the way of someone's budgetary designs at corporate...As others have said good on you for getting out of a bad situation.  I will not drink with you today!
It is hard to believe you stayed sober for 9 months with him still in your life. So congrats on that! The first thing I did was cut off ties with my biggest trigger....an alcoholic who pretended to work a program so that her children wouldn't be taken from her. I knew I could not be around her as hard as that was. ..It sounds like the universe is taking care of you. End of that job...end of a toxic relationship. Onward and upward for you! 
I'm amazed he was just able to fire you like that.  Is there no HR department? In any case awesome job and attitude on your part!
