-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b0guj5/starting_to_struggle_again/

I'm closing fast on a year free of the poison which I'm so grateful for. But the closer I get to that milestone the more I seem to focus on it. I'm counting days again like I was in the beginning and it's driving me crazy. I had a golden period for a few months where I didn't even think about drinking and now it's consuming me again. There's no point to this post I just thought I'd feel better if I shared.
----------immediate responses--------

I have been thinking about it a lot too. It's not that I think i'll drink I think it's more of an ego-recharge like I need to remember why I quit and why I need to continue on this better path.
I'm approaching an anniversary too. That time of year is always tough for me and it was especially so my first year. It will pass. Remember this time last year you were probably bottoming out - so it's natural for everything to be top of mind right now. I remember when I was coming up on a year I could barely eat - I became paranoid that everything I was eating was spiked with alcohol somehow. (Like in the sauces or....) It sounds nuts bc it was but it passed! Congrats and good luck!
Thank you for sharing. I'm inching close to my year but try not to think about it because of this very reason. I had my first lucid dream about drinking today. Please stay encouraged - please know that you are not alone no matter what stage of your journey you are on. You have support here and are an encouragement to those behind you. IWNDWYT - in solidarity of this feeling. I'd like to believe that you and I are better than our temptations. 
Very common to feel this way when birthdays are approaching. Especially big ones. If you have a program...time to step it up? 
Good on you for sharing. I hear this a lot from people and I remember it from before. Getting unsettled before big milestones. Good on you for checking in! You can do it. It will pass. IWNDWYT
Me too I keep thinking about my year coming up and  what if'. Think it just means I need to check in here everyday again. 
Share away! For sure it is the upcoming year - happens to most! 
This is why I personally have abandoned the 'counting days / years' approach. ..I think counting days is great for the first few weeks and months. It gave me something very concrete and measurable to focus on + sense of achievement...But after say 100 days I no longer got much of a thrill from the day-counting. And worse I noticed that my brain was on some level seeing this day-counting as a competition with myself for 'how long' I could 'keep up the streak.' The problem is STREAKS END. ..On some semi-unconscious level my day-counting was turning into a mental COUNTDOWN to when I had accumulated enough 'good boy' credits to deserve a drink...I have tried to change my focus from sobriety timekeeping to just trying to improve my life in general
This happens to a lot of us. Not sure why. Best thing to do is make sure you have a lot of sober support around like meetings.
Experience it observe it just don't act on it. It will pass. 
The monster is crawling back just tapping at your door to see if you will open it... just yell a big  fuck you   I don't need you   be gone! 
Birthdays always bring up a mix of "look what I've accomplished" and "shouldn't things be better by now?" for me. It's a good time to reflect on how far you've come and to get excited about how much more good stuff is to come. You got this. 
Count!.Count away!.Ur doin great.Just DONT drink
