-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b11jh2/day_39_struggling/

Today is rough and I don't know why. My mood swung down so low I can't seem to get myself to care about anything. I've never applied for a badge here... I don't know why. I think I'm scared or the accountability and shame that I will feel if I slip up. I don't have a counter on my phone and sometimes I watch the seconds click away and oh my sometimes they tick away so slowly. ..I keep trying to imagine how good it will feel to say  I have been sober for years!  But these 5 weeks felt so long I'm not sure I actually have what it takes to stay sober. ..The most demotivating thing is that I see no changes. Yea I feel slightly better but my physical performance is the same my mental state stills seems shaky everyone around me constantly talks about drinking and how much fun they had doing it. ..This weekend we have a friend coming over out of town and I know my SO and this friend are going to spend all evening drinking beer and smoking pot while I'm gonna have to force myself in a room away from them. I'm not even tempted I'm just so angry...I'm angry that no one respects what I'm going through not even people that are the closest to me. I'm angry that it seems as I wouldn't be in the same place I am right now even if I didn't deny myself the poison...I've read This Naked Mind I've gone through the honeymoon period where everything seemed amazing but I think  I'm finally back to reality and days are as monotonous as they always were no matter how many hobbies i try to fit in my day or how much I exercise...I had a friend in booze it was always there to lift me up. Now I'm alone....Thanks for letting me vent. I will buy myself some kombucha and white knuckle through this. The weekend starts tomorrow for me so may be it will get better.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to here your struggling this is the longest I've been sober and I to have not noticed any physical change I've actually gained a bit of weight but I have noticed I'm a lot calmer things are not such a drama any more and I take things in my stride. I've applied the same tactics that I used when I finally managed to stop smoking. I just think about the negatives the hangover the guilt the money the stress it works for me and it's surprising how quickly you can lose the habit if you take away all the hype and just look at the facts. I read Alcohol explained and that book just clicked with me it talks about will power and how if you just change you mind set you don't need the will power. I hope this helps and lets you know that you not in alone here's to day 40 IWNDWYT 
Hang in there!..It takes a *long* time to put right the physical mental and emotional damage from *years* of boozing.....I remember the first few months well after the 'Pink Cloud' of early sobriety abruptly dissipated I went through a crappy 'Grey Soup' period which felt very much as you describe.....At the time it was easy to imagine that I'd be stuck like that forever  (and my god doesn't the time move slowly when you first stop drinking) and that nothing would ever get better but guess what... It was just another passing phase! ..I'm glad I didn't give in to the temptation to drink it definitely wouldn't have been worth it.....Keep venting as much as you need to... we get it!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thank you for letting me know there is a light at the end of the tunnel. I would rather be angry than drunk at this point. I would hate to see that clock reset to day 1. IWDWYT
You can't excpect to be back at 100% after 39 days but if you drank for alot of years then why not try sober life for some time and see how it goesyou should focus on getting your brain working back to 100% because alcohol slows down our brain.
I relate to this pretty hard. I feel like going on a Bender today but I promised I'd just make it through today. I don't have to not drink forever just not today and I intend to do it...I'm sorry people IRL aren't giving you support hang in there IWNDWYT
Thank you it eventually got better as the day went on. No bender today. Stay strong! 
