-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1403z/trying_not_to_drink/

Title says it all. I'm on day 7 and there's a storm blowing through soon. I keep thinking I have to get to the liquor store before it gets here. I don't want to drink so bad. I want to go back to being the guy that was sober and going to meetings and helping people but I don't know if I'll ever get back there...&amp;#x200B;..I keep telling myself the only way out is through but goddamnit I could really go for a drink. I have a phone full of numbers of people who would answer and try and talk me out of it but I don't think I want anyone to talk me out of it. I just want that sweet relief. That immediate "sense of ease and comfort that comes at once with the first drink"...&amp;#x200B;..But it never ends there. I need to be thrown under the jail to rot. I don't know how I got through this before. I think maybe God did it for me if you believe in that sort of thing. Sometimes I do. I know I didn't have any more power in me at that time than I do now but it just seems so impossible...&amp;#x200B;..Please. God. If you're there save me. I'm not in control. I can't handle this on my own. I just wish I could go back before the relapse. I wish someone could do this for me. I know how selfish that sounds but I just don't know if I can do it. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are on day 7 that's fantastic.  Don't beat yourself up about previous relapse you will only make yourself feel worse.   Its all about progress. We are not perfect humans. No one is.  okay you messed up before but you dont have to mess up again. Whatever you did to stay sober the past seven days and before your relapse just do that again..  Just for today.  Dont worry about tomorrow until it is here.   
&gt;I just want that sweet relief. That immediate "sense of ease and comfort that comes at once with the first drink"...Does playing the tape forward help you at all?..I can be exactly in the same state you are right now I know what that's like but imagining how good I'll feel tomorrow *not* hungover not in withdrawal with the FEAR anxiety and depression eating at me yet again that can be enough to just get me through the next hour. Then the hour after that. And if I make it the evening then I'm one more day sober...&amp;#x200B;..Hang in there if you can. Stay on here and chat...Good luck to you.
You haven't drank for 7 days for a reason.
What is it about inclement weather and the desire to drink? My first relapse was prompted by an imminent hurricane. And I remained drunk for several days after the weather had passed. You already know the answer don't take the first drink. You got this! IWNDWYT
