-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b185j9/i_have_been_planning_my_relapse_in_my_head/

I hate this. I have never felt so lonely in my life as I have the past six months. I don't think I can do it anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

I find it very lonely too - stuck in my head more than I would like. I guess that's exactly what I was numbing out? ..My hope is that this loneliness is part of the process and that someone who has been sober for longer will reply and tell us that my hope is right. 
I totally get your post! Glad you're here!
I have been as well. Trying to keep on keeping on as best I can but my best feels like shit. At least I'm not drinking I guess.
I'm not sure if you mean  not sure I can do this anymore  as in you want a drink or you're sick of life. Either way drinking won't make you less lonely or sad. We're with you friend. Best of luck as you walk your journey.
As someone nearing the 8 month mark I just want to say you can do this.  The moments you feel like relapsing pass - but a relapse itself could take you to a place much harder to get through...Try reaching out to someone you trust to talk to and no not over the internet if you can help it. Go for a visit go have lunch together hell make a phone call...We all get lonely my sobriety started with a bad break up - a lot of my friends have since moved away due to work and I dont see my family much. I spend 8 hours a day at work with people and the rest of my time usually alone (with my cats) - I 100% hear you mate. I'm lonely too - but it. Will. Pass...Reach out if you need someone to talk to I'm here for you.
I hate to see you all suffering. Not  an old timer but I guess it was lonely at the start. All the noise of drinking left silence. But I guess it's this. I never felt more alone than I did at the end. What was really deafening was the the self hatred shame guilt anxiety and depression booze caused.   No matter how much I surrounded myself and let's not forget just straight drinking alone I could never escape myself. it was so claustrophobic  repetitive and small. ..But once I stopped and the noise left I started being able to connect with myself and then other people. My wife and daughter especially. I was finally worthy  of their love.  I do have less friends well drinking buddies. But those peeps that I had more than that are better friends and I can say I care more deeply about them. ..I read that depression and addiction are ultimately narcissistic. To focus solely on yourself your needs your problems inherently excludes other people.  To quit and to live again I had to put my ego aside and see that I wasn't the center of my universe. In fact those walls that separated me from others was imaginary. ..That's a bit of a ramble but I hope you find some peace. Good luck. 
Is there something you could try to get out and be with people that doesn't' involve relapse? Like an art class or yoga or something? Please hang in there friend. 
I have been planning my relapse in my head...Have you planned the hangover for your body
my anxiety got worse before it got better. it was somewhere around months 8-9 when my mental state began to improve and balance out. feeling reality all day every day takes a while to get used to. checking in with a group is the best thing to do when fighting with the urge to drink and negative thoughts. I will not drink with you today. 
We are not responsible for the first thought impulses......only our actions - which are usually kicked off  w second and third thoughts - impulses   compulsive thinking 
Something I thought of recently is that our mind is made to think; a brain thinks the way a heart beats thats its job its what it does..   So your mind is open to all of thought some of it good much of it bad and not just with alcohol but every facet of life.  .   Like you said its the actions that we decide on our thoughts that matter..   So just because you have bad thoughts or a string of them (and I know it sucks) its really just your brain doing its job.  It helps with my anxiety especially concerning alcohol..   You hold the thought in your head recognize it for what it is  merely a thought and let it go..   It doesn't really make sense to be mad or depressed when you look at it that way.  It's not a cure all and it doesn't work all the time but it helps me when I'm self aware enough to remember it when I start to spin downward a little..   Hope it helps.  
So glad you came here and spoke that out loud. The addictive voice is a cunning baffling false friend. It is lying to you. You seek relief but it will not deliver relief to you. This is what you must remember. .Hours and days of misery Is what it will deliver in exchange-for a short interlude of distraction..It has-to be tough for you if your spouse is an active alcohol. .Try to find new interests and activities ones that genuinely interest you. New friends and relationships may follow from that. Well done so far and keep up the good work.
Hi Sober Twin.  ..I read your comments often and you are SO strong and SO determined I know that you can stick with it.  Please don't let a period of sadness throw you off track.  ..I recently went through a similar phase recently.  I had just passed the 6 month milestone and was suddenly  feeling sorry for myself about how boring life was.  I spent a lot of time reading posts here - including my own - and also some new books. "Alcohol lied to me" was especially helpful.  Importantly this sad phase passed in a couple of weeks.  Indeed I am beginning to feel that I really dont want to drink - rather than simply resisting the urge. ..I cant promise that you will have the same breakthrough but I  do think you can ride out this wave.  I know how much effort it took for you to get this far -  I've been beside you every step of the way.  Whatever is happening in your life Im very sure that alcohol won't make it better.  Let's keep going together.  IWND  WYT.  
You can do it! Loneliness is a challenge but relapsing won't help you in the long run. 
I have done that too! (plan a relapse) Hang in there friend. In fact just posting here makes me feel better when I struggle.
That's not you. That's the little gremlin that wants you to give up. You can get through this.
209 days sober is AMAZING. make that 210!
I am sure you will complete 1000 days with all the support from us
I've found great friends at aa meetings....thanks for sharing!
Please dont. You've done an amazing job so far. I know it's really hard to spend that much time alone with yourself without numbing it. It's terrible. I found that when I quit drinking  it turns out that it WASNT the ONLY reason I hated myself and I had to face the WHY I was drinking  what was I running from? And I had to face the other parts of myself that I wasnt proud of. I changed jobs started working out  Went to therapy etc and am still working on me and while I wont say I'm happy with who I am yet I am lightyears away from the drunk perpetually ashamed person I was. It's worth it to continue. I promise you. .You can change your life! Iwndwyt
