-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b190wm/trying_something_different_aa/

Hi all -- ..Today I decided to try something different. I was with my boyfriend enjoying his company sipping on a beer (blech I don't even like beer so I drank like half a can). I threw it out. Once we parted ways I went to the library to pick up some literature. And something compelled me to go to the next AA meeting near my apartment...It was pretty nerve-racking. It was nerve-racking to raise my hand to share and call myself an alcoholic. It was nerve-racking to discuss the Big Book passage we read. However I felt welcomed. Two women immediately came to shake my hand and introduce themselves. After the meeting many people came up to me to shake my hand and the two women came and gave me their phone numbers and told me to *call*. One even bought a Big Book for me to keep! Very grateful for her kindness. They all clapped as I grabbed my 24-hour chip and the very kind woman leading the meeting hugged me. Lots of hugs lots of me choking back tears. ..I was told that the next meeting starting in 10 minutes was a newcomer meeting! So I was like sure why the hell not? I'm new after all. It was a little different ... I recognized a few faces from work/school so I kept quiet. However the first meeting touched on the powerlessness over alcohol which I needed to hear and acknowledge. The second meeting was all about getting a sponsor and sponsor experiences which I know I need. I need someone to show me...Afterwards a very kind man who sat with me in both meetings introduced me to several other women in the meetings so I can be well-connected. He was very kind but very much a straight-shooter-no-nonsense. I like that. So when I told him that I work with people who struggle with addiction and the irony he said "That doesn't mean anything!" I guess it was kind of what I needed to hear. Like I'm in a position of needing to be an expert but I need to put that aside and focus on my own self. ..So it's a late evening for me but I sat through two meetings got some phone numbers got some meetings on my calendar. Got a stack of books and literature and my 24-hour coin...I'm not sure if I'm going to reset my badge. I technically had a little beer. I'm still thinking about that.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your bravery. 
Those numbers you got.  **Call** if only to say  an internet stranger said to say  I'm just practicing   .  They will laugh you can ask one of the many questions I am sure you have...Another thing to make calling easier.  Ask is this a good time?  Takes all the pressure off.
Yeah!! Great first step. Keep going... it's so refreshing and relieving to be in a room who know exactly how you feel in most instances. 
Sounds great.  Go back to those meetings right away because they need your help (and other newcomers' help) to stay sober.  Also never attach an asterisks to your sobriety date it is too precious.
So glad you've had a nice first experience! I'm still too nervous to go...you're an inspiration 
Welcome!!!  Greatwork!!
&gt; I technically had a little beer..That's an interesting expression. ..I cannot even think about a "little beer". One was too many and a thousand not enough for me. ..I'm glad you're here and that you had the courage to go to an AA meeting. I hope you'll try some more. They are the same yet different. You have to be there to understand. 
Welcome and thank you for sharing. AA saved my life. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
