-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1jfej/relapsed_at_day_111/

I been lurking on here off and on for a while now and I just need some friends right now to tell me it's going to be okay. I'm about at the 24 hour mark after an isolated relapse with roughly 750ml of liquor per day over the last 5 days...Starting up intensive outpatient scheduled a therapist appointment this morning and am finding some meetings...I will keep trying. There's more to life than this. There has to be. IWNDWYT! 
----------immediate responses--------

There is more to life than the bottle.   We are here for you welcome back. ..IWNDWYT 
Welcome back and well done for getting back on the wagon quickly. Sounds like you are really taking positive action that's really great! Wish you all the best  
Keep lurking.
No judgment here - 111 days is incredible. I'm just starting out (day 6) and think you're so brave to just put it out there. It's just a blip- put it behind you and keep on going . We're all here holding on hoping to get through one more day. Stay strong. 
Stay strong. Be kind to yourself. ..:) IWNDWYT
&gt;Starting up intensive outpatient scheduled a therapist appointment this morning and am finding some meetings...You're gonna be OK Illusion hang in there ;).
What triggered you to drink? 
Don't beat yourself up too much. It happens to many of us at some point. Learn from it and get back on track sound like you are. Best wishes and take it one day at a time. 
It gets better and relapse is a part of recovery. Don't beat yourself up over it. Sounds like you're doing a bunch of proactive and great things to support your recovery. One day at a time. 
Thank you for your post..We all need friends to help us on this journey .That's why we are here.You are not alone friend  
Your plan worked for me!  Welcome back.  Don't beat yourself up.
Needed to read this
It has been only 12 days for me and I get this craving every evening. But I resist with all my heart and am able to overcome it.
If this shit was easy there wouldn't be 160000 people here. You can do this...IWNDWYT!
Keep it up you did amazing and you can keep being amazing! I won't drink with you today
