-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1sa7i/how_do_you_handle_fomo/

Even though I feel solid in my sobriety I still have trouble trying to decide how to handle drinking-focused events...For example was invited to go with my friends to the St. Pat's parade this weekend. Rationally I know this holds zero appeal for me -- it's a pain to find parking it's crowded I don't find parades all that thrilling it's mainly an excuse for folks to get wasted I'm not Irish and this has never been my favorite holiday etc. But there's still a part of me that thinks I'm somehow missing out on life or being lame by not going -- that I'll somehow miss out on the fun and the chance to hang out with all my friends (and that I'm still letting alcohol control my life but in a different way.)..How do you all handle this internal struggle?
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry I don't know what FOMO means? But to me If it's not something or an event that I'm interested in.. I don't attend. Hope you have a great day/eve IWNDWYT.
I do compromises and time limits. ..What's one part of the day that would be fun and not drinking-focused? Could you meet everyone for lunch before the true drinking starts and then excuse yourself after the meal or an hour has passed? ..I think it's important to go to these kind of events (as long as you can trust yourself not to drink) because it helps to break the illusion that drinking is fun. Every time I'm around drunk people I'm just full of cringe and vicarious embarrassment. The more you see what drinking looks like from the outside the less appealing it is to join in. 
My heavy drinking friends are missing out of happy mornings a fatter wallet lower blood pressure healthy looking face a few pounds lost more books read peace of mind. I partied enough up until now no problem if I miss a few. While I don't judge tipsy people I really find them no fun to be around when I'm not drinking. Life is good!
I don't think an event like St. Patrick's day would be a good way to test my sobriety.  That would be like testing my core strength by trying to lift a car.  I would skip it.  That said I have been able to enjoy many social events where alcohol is present without issues and had a great time.  It's easier for me in a controlled environment with people I am comfortable around.  If you're really worried about missing out just watch the news tomorrow about all the arrests fights DUIs etc.
When an activity has zero appeal for me I don't have much of a problem with FOMO...If I want to hang with my friends I get in touch and plan something for us to do that doesn't involve alcohol.
I drink on events like these that way I'm still going out and socializing otherwise I'd be in my apartment watching TV all weekend haven't seen  anyone since I last drank a few weeks ago so today should be a fun time ..I dont have a problem with drinking on drinking focused events it's the drinking every weekend or everyday alone that was my problem but I'm passed that now
Well look at this way.....will you be missing the hangovers the fights the rowdiness the drama that all comes with drinking especially in the crowds such as st Patrick's day parades? I sure won't! I won't be missing out on creeps trying to touch me or talk to me or slur their words trying to be smooth I won't miss people spilling their drinks on me because the bar is so crowded you can't even move I won't miss people starting drunken drama just for the simple fact they are drunk. I won't miss everyone just acting like idiots! Plus the hangovers!!!!!! ..You will be doing yourself a favor if anything by not going and by not going you're actually being different by choosing to partake in other things that don't involve binge drinking and making a fool of yourself instead of being all of those followers that view this holiday as a free for all beer feast. ..Stay off social media you'll thank me later lol..IWNDWYT 
I take the romantic ideal of what I'm "missing out on" and break it down logically into reality similar to what you have already done. Also known as *playing the tape forward*. What's the best case scenario? What's the worst case scenario? What's the most likely scenario? I generally find that none of the realistic outcomes are worth it not even the best case and the worst case is so bad that it's *definitely* not worth it.
I find it a huge help the my SO goes to events and is sober with me. Helps me feel less alone
I never really experienced FOMO. A big reason I drank was FOGO... Fear of going out.  Social anxiety. I would get drunk at a parade not to heighten the experience but just to be able to exist around so many people. Sobriety has made the FOGO easier. Parades still sick though IMO.  Here's one more acronym for you... IWNDWYT. 
Im a misanthrope lol
I found a way to participate without drinking. Once I was comfortable being around others who drank I enjoyed watching the "train wreck" of others. Watching others get wasted and make a fool of themselves while I was sober and thinking "I"m glad that isn't me" was satisfying. 
I guess I would ask myself why am I afraid of missing out? You already outlined pretty clearly that it does not sound like a fun time and it is an excuse to get wasted not celebrate Irish heritage. So it sounds like it's not the alcohol that is controlling your life but fear. Why are you afraid to miss an event that sucks?.I would deal with that question. The answer will probably lead you to deeper issues past drinking. At least it has happened for me that way. ..I'm Irish (a wee bit) and I am happy to stay sober with you today! 
For me I try to remember the last time I woke up with bloody knuckles a swollen face or police flashlights in my face.  Makes it much easier to say "You guys go have fun without me".
It was an epiphany to me if it was an event I'd have to numb myself out to  enjoy  maybe I'd be better off just letting it go and finding things I love to do sober. It stopped feeling like a sacrifice...I missed the parade today for that reason and don't regret it a bit. Instead spending time with my family laughing at some stuff on TV and I will wake up tomorrow ready for a long run
