-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1sc2d/relapse_after_almost_a_year/

The title says it all. Yesterday I drank after almost making it a whole year. Not only did I make it almost a year but it was a good year. I was to the point where drinking wasn't even in my mindset. ..I'm not sure why I slipped up and I am feeling really down about it. This will just be a little blip for the rest of my life of not drinking as I know it's possible for me. On Monday I'm finding a new therapist and will be going more often.  I'm also hoping to use this subreddit as support as well...Just needed to vent somewhere.
----------immediate responses--------

What's done is done get the support you need and jump back on the life of sobriety..The fact you nearly did it for a year shows you have the willpower   
Mistakes happen as we are human.  Treat it as such and continue to move forward with your sobriety.  I too made that mistake after a year of glorious sobriety but because I started rationalizing away evening cocktails it took me another year plus some change to get back.  UGH   I have finally completed my first week sober again!  It feels so good!!!  Stay strong stranger.  I will not drink with you today!
This happened to me a few times. My therapist helped me to think of this kind of short-term fall off the wagon after a long period of sobriety as just an uncovering of a weakness in the sobriety plan which we then spent time filling.  She suggested I do something concrete every day to remind myself of why I don't drink because the danger for me as I go along is always forgetting. So I now pick up a rock every morning and say a quick mantra like drinking will make whatever happens today worse or one drink and I'm a drunk. It's corny and out of character but then so was sobriety at one point! You won't even think about this blip once you're back on track. It's just a learning opportunity...You got this 
I relapsed after over three years and two years sober - both times on paper at least were great times of my life where everything was in a good place ..looking back I realize I became complacent with my sobriety; I stopped identifying as a sober alcoholic I stopped talking about my experiences and most importantly for me I forgot the dark places booze brought me and began to romanticize about drinking ..I now understand the importance of never becoming too complacent 
Welcome back!  The fucked up thing about addiction is that if im not vigilant regardless of the time away from alcohol i know it can sneak up on me. It scares the shit out of me. I have a kiteral fear if what a drink will do to my life and i think that is part of the reason i dont get tempted at this point. ..I took a relapse lightly after about a year but then after another 6 months later started taking it as a very serious issue and stopped sugarcoating it to myself. I didnt just make a tiny mistake.. i played russian roulette w my lofe and my future for a beer. In that context i see hiw fucked up my decision was and made the decision to avoid it at all costs and try to put in the work each day to ensure that. By work i mean better decisions better environment and more vigilance. ..Welcome back and we are here for you. Mistakes are not the end if this journey but another new beginning of enriching ourselves. 
One day doesn't take anything away from what you are accomplishing. I would feel the same way you are but from an outsiders perspective your sobriety is still really amazing. ..You won the battle 365-ish times and booze won a single day. Keep up the good work! 
Every time that I've slipped up I've learned something new about my weaknesses...The last one was one of the most important...It was in a nutshell that I never just "happen" to slip up.  For me there is a point... Usually a gradual slide several hours or days in advance when I start cutting myself off from my support system (AA SD true friends).  By romanticizing my old life. By listening to my lizard brain lie to me while I intentionally *stop* listening to my voices of reason..."I'll stop at the bar 'for dinner'." .."I'm going to that house party with all of my old drinking buddies but I'm not going to drink". .. "I want to go to the club or karaoke at that bar but I won't drink."..Then I inevitably find myself at a bar and my lizard brain says that one last big lie.  We all know it....."I'll have *just one*."..That's the lie I caught months ago...But I laid the foundation to get caught in that lie by letting *myself* intentionally lay a trap for me then walking right into it.  And time and again being surprised that I was trapped in the first place...That's what I'm focused on right now.  Looking for those times when I stop reading /r/stopdrinking.  When I stop texting my best friend that knows my struggles.  When I find reasons to work late and "miss" meetings or the workouts that keep me safe...I haven't yet gotten to the point where I've discovered the root cause of why I start THAT cycle.  I suspect that's the next thing I learn.  But I pray not by slipping up and needing an reset....Welcome back; I will not drink with you today.
I get your feeling down about it. I did a mini-binge (2 days) after 8 months sober. I kicked myself sufficiently then looked at the external circumstances as well as my internal reaction to them. SO went out of town and I had no accountability. Then I asked myself why that was so important. I don't need to get into the details of my self discovery just know that it is a tremendous opportunity to dive deeper into yourself past the drinking. I wish I could afford a therapist to do this kind of work. ..I also learned as much as I want to resist it that vigilance is important. I don't want to have to monitor it all the time but I have to monitor it all the time. Like a diabetic I guess...I still consider my sober date as 8+ months ago in July 2018. That is the date it clicked. I knew in my bones that a drunk life is really fucked up and a sober life is what I want for myself. I also learned that sobriety isn't a final destination it's a way of life. Not something to work towards but something to be. ..I'm glad you came here to vent. I'm glad to help you back up and tell you you're not a horrible person. You have nearly a year to be proud of. You know the enormous benefits. I am honored to stay sober with you today. Peace.
I just relapsed this week. Almost getting to a year is incredible. You can do this. Sounds like you have a plan too. Hang in there. We can all do this. IWNDWYT! 
Don't sweat it dude! You're human. Look at it as a positive that you can go a WHOLE FUCKING YEAR without a drink. This slip up will just give you more motivation to beat that record. Don't beat yourself up. 
Needed to read this
I quit for three years because of throat cancer. Once I realize I'd beat the throat cancer I started drinking again. I finally woke up and realized it's poison and I can't drink socially so I had to quit and I'm glad I did
the time you spent drinking is nil compared to the time you chose not to. like ya said just a blip and move on.
IWNDWYT
IMO all sober history is valuable. In hindsight I learned something every relapse. Kudos friend!
Only advice I have is to not drink today. Or tomorrow. And don't think just cause you didn't drink today or tomorrow you are ready for moderation. That's your booze brain talking. You woke him up a bit so don't be surprised when he starts complementing your  willpower.   
Congratulations on getting back on the wagon so quickly.  
What's important is how you proceed from here and it sounds like you're right on track.  Stay strong I will not drink with you today. 
