-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b1tljb/where_are_all_my_irish_peeps_at_whats_the_plan/

I'm really struggling today; had a lovely morning with a sober friend but went food shopping after and Tesco was jammed with people buying booze. I felt so left out and thoughts of drinking are becoming really intrusive for me right now. What's the plan of action for the long weekend peeps? Just cleaned the whole house there and feel marginally better. Let's get through the weekend together and have a happy sober St. Patrick's Day!!
----------immediate responses--------

As a drinker I always hated these holidays.  I much preferred to drink the day before or day after when the bars were quiet than when they were packed...Now it is just another weekend.  I believe the March Madness brackets get announced tomorrow so I will probably spend too much time filling that out.
I just try to realize how much the drinking part of this holiday has hurt public perception of the Irish people. How the holiday has become a shell of  feel goodisms  perpetuated by alcohol corporations at the cost of real Irish culture. ..That being said this is my first StPD sober and it has been a holiday I held  holy  for my entire adult life. I keep fielding messages from folks in my past asking what I'm doing for the  high holy day . It's gonna be rough.
St. Pat's has always been for amateurs in my mind. Same w New Years Eve.
I used to joke that days like St Patrick's or New year's Eve were "amateur night" at the bars. Yeah I also preferred a bar with almost no one there. ..I don't see myself as missing out on the fun but instead I feel thankful that I'm not deliberately please myself and I'm thankful I will wake tomorrow without puking 5-6 times. when I remember that me drinking generally means I'm going to puke 5-6 times the next morning some how it doesn't seem so fun. 
The plan is not taking the first drink today !
I am going to buy my favourit chips and chocolate and treat myself to a night in front of shows I want to watch !  ...IWNDWY
I'm irish American! But I'm not drinking :) just going to have a quiet weekend at home
Top of the morning. I am cooking cleaning and watching golf. Lost me grandfather father and a brother to the bottle. Hoping it doesn't get me. May the road rise up to meet you.....
I'm going to an Irish film event in London but I totally sympathise. Seeing Irish cousins next weekend and worrying about drinking - it just feels like it's in our DNA.
Alcohol or not I don't think I've paid attention to St Patrick's Day in like 15 years lol even at the height of my alcoholism I was never one of those people to go party and get freaky and puke on the street. I'm from NYC so that's exactly what happens here (it's like green Santa Con) so thanks but no thanks! lol
St Patty's was a thing for me when I was in my early 20s. As I progressed in my alcoholism I didn't care anymore because I was drinking everyday...This will be first stpd sober since 2002. I'll be drinking kombucha cleaning my house and not waking up hungover the next day. Should be nice. 
