-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b20xpi/1000_days/

Today marks 1000 days since I stopped drinking alcohol. (Not sure why the badge is off but my daily tracker can't lie.) While it isn't always easy this is without a doubt one of the best decisions I've ever made. I don't talk about it often outside of this sub. Some people don't know I've stopped or how hard it can be to see others drinking around me even after all this time. And you know what? That's okay. My choice not to drink is important to me and that's what truly counts...I don't want to take a trip down memory lane but remembering how things really were is one of the keys to maintaining my abstinence. I'd like to romanticize my drinking thinking of all the good times I had sipping rum and cokes with friends or the late nights I stayed up writing with a drink by my side. Fun times at concerts or casinos rum or whisky in hand the night becoming a pleasant blur punctuated by stops at the bar. I remember past me relaxing at friends' houses while the drinks kept flowing and it almost makes me miss the booze...The truth is much darker. Once I started I couldn't stop. Some people can have a drink or two and call it a night. That's not how I drank. Maybe I had a few good nights if you were looking from the outside. No one saw the thirsty beast I struggled to subdue on the inside. Those were the nights I went to bed sweating hoping I could fall asleep without another shot trying not to wake anyone up...The truth is scarier than the fantasy. It's all the things I said that I can never take back. Late nights spent over the porcelain princess because I couldn't stop. Waking up foggy and bloated and sick to my stomach feeling my bones and skull aching from the hangover. Making deals with myself on how much and how often I could drink only to break my own promises over and over again. Feeling like my brain would explode if I couldn't have another. THAT is what life really looked like when I drank...I never went to AA meetings. I found support in online strangers (thank you r/stopdrinking!). I read Annie Grace's "This Naked Mind" to help change the way I think about booze. I try to practice healthy habits to support my sobriety. Some days are better than others. I've gone through phases where the only thing I can stick with for more than a day is my commitment to not drinking. It may not be the traditional approach but I'm thankful it's gotten me to quadruple digits...I've heard there's an AA concept about accepting your powerlessness over alcohol and while I can agree with the idea I like to think of it a little differently. I'm only powerless when I'm drinking. The moment I take that first drink I'm under its spell. I don't stop until I pass out black out or puke. My choice to abstain is where I've found my power and I'm never letting that go...I'm far from perfect. The cravings happen thankfully less often than the early days. Some places like casinos are still hard for me. Surrounded by cigarette smoke (another vice I've struggled with in the past) and waitresses carrying full drink trays in the cramped spaces between machines it's hard not to feel like I'm missing out. This is when remembering the truth helps the most the moments when I can almost forget what booze really does to me...I'm celebrating my success with a morning of kickboxing an afternoon movie (Captain Marvel!) a jewelry box from my new favorite artist and pausing to remember how proud I am of myself. This isn't an easy road to walk. I'm proud I've chosen to walk it anyway.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! You're an inspiration! 
Well done!
Very motivational! Thank you for sharing! Congrats on the 1000 days!!
Very well written. And thank you so much for sharing. ..It's really nice that veterans of this new road come back to inspire those of us just starting to tread that same path. ..Congrats. 
Well done. Fabulous work. 
Welcome to the club! Nicely done!
That's Amazing!!! IWNDWYT 
This is lovely. I identified with so much of what you wrote. ..IWNDWYT.   
Proud of you. Can't wait until I can celebrate the same. 
"The thirsty beast I struggled to subdue.." - great
Congrats!! IWNDWYT
Well done!
That is incredible and you should be so proud of yourself! La croix cheers to you!!
beautiful!
'Club 4 digits' is my goal too! :) Well done!
Congratulations!
Well said and vey motivating . Thanks for sharing. 
Great job!
Lovely post. Congrats and I'm glad you are treating yourself today. 
Congratulations! ..&amp;#x200B;
Beautifully said. I relate to your post on many levels: time sober  privacy  of my sobriety and the fact that cravings do still happen for many reasons. I've also never done AA and rely mostly on this sub for reinforcement. My badge number is proof to me that I am not powerless in the face of alcohol nor do I consider myself an alcoholic for the rest of my life. An alcoholic hands their struggles over to alcohol - I no longer do that. While I recognize that in one sense we are all in the same place and that you can only ever be sober one day at a time my consecutive days without a drink show me that I have a strength I didn't have before. Thanks for expressing it all so well. I like reading posts from people who have so many days sober but still talk about the struggle.
Great job! thank you
Congratulations on 1000 days! I can relate to a lot of what you say from how you drank to how you got and stay sober. Let's keep going sobering on! 
Congratulations on your freedom!
Loved reading your words.  Thank you for sharing and congratulations!
Congrats!!!
Happy for you! I loved the relationship with power... 
Thank you for this post.  Your words resonate deep inside me how true.  It took me a long time to discover  life  and like you I'm not letting go of it.  Congratulations on 1000 days I'm very proud of you and the rewards you have found in sobriety.  I'm thankful every morning I wake up with a clear mind and conscience.  Take care   
Congratulations!
Wow 1000 days! Well done :) 
Amazing.  I could have been one to write the same thing.  I can relate.  Thank you for sharing.
Waking up to all these comments is exactly why I shared here. Thank you so much everyone!!! Here's to one more day this one a pretty palindrome :)
Every day counts  brother.  ..IWNDWYT!
Congratulations! Beautiful    
Congrats!  That movie kicked butt going to take my neice today she needs more girl/woman power in her life
