-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b226am/tell_me_your_war_stories_andor_about_the_worst/

I have been watching the show intervention in effort to "keep it green" and remember what alcohol does to me. I fall in the category of being a chronic relapser. The first time I attempted to quit booze I did it for an ex boyfriend. I don't think I wanted to admit to myself I was an alcoholic together and I quit the drink replacing booze with him. That is a horrible recovery plan because as soon as he was out of my life I was like "F&amp;ck that guy" -- and went back to drinking...&amp;#x200B;..Unfortunately at this point in time I had gone to a lot of AA so now I was highly educated about what alcoholism was and now that I knew what it was I had enough education through AA to know what alcohol would do to me and my life. I knew all about alcoholics but still was drinking. My ex boyfriend had wanted me to attend a lot of aa which I did. I went through the motions and unconciously I absorbed the fundamentals but never truly embraced the program. I resented him for making me go but went through the motions. ..&amp;#x200B;..I have lost countless relationships jobs had financial difficulties have had housing difficulties Alcohol has wreaked havoc in my life. Still I returned to drinking after breaking up with my ex boyfriend and in an act I percieved in my head as rebellion to get back at him I drank. Six months went by where I returned to drinking and drinking to excess. It was making me sick I was vomiting pale bloated shaky glassy eyed. I shut myself in my room from dusk till dawn to drink and then drank all night. My period of rebellion was only hurting me. ..&amp;#x200B;..Since then I've recognized I'm an alcoholic. I've embraced the idea and I've had periods of sobriety but always seem to keep coming back to drinking.  At this point in time I'm at a really low point after yet another relapse three days ago. I'm a chronic relapser. I can get 3-4 weeks sober and then I binge drink. I really think this last time I had alcohol poisoning and likely should have been hospitalized. Like I said it was three days ago but even now I'm still feeling the residual effects of the withdrawal sick weak shaky full of anxiety..&amp;#x200B;..What are your war stories? I especially would like to hear if they are funny or motivational in that you overcame them. Or in otherwords what do you do to "keep it green" how do you keep that HELLISH place alcohol brought you to in your life forefront on your mind every day all day? How do you fight these animalistic primitive urges just to drink and check out of life? What are your coping mechanisms? How are you people who have over a year consecutive doing this?
----------immediate responses--------

My drinking ended me up in sober living attending AA meetings doing service work making amends and tying to be the best me I can be. The best way for me to keep it green is to continue to live sober be of service to others and i don't have to think so much about my past.  ..I continue to be grateful for each day and for each opportunity that I have been given in sobriety. ..I still have thoughts and urges but the longer I have remained sober the easier it gets to deal with them.  I will have thoughts about what I did in the past and can still regret them.  However i no longer have to beat myself up over it.  I can feel sad or bad and that is enough for me to continue to live sober.  ..The key has been having a great network of people accountability and the desire to stay sober.  It just takes time and action.  You can do it. 
Gosh it's like I wrote it myself! Still battling- we can only just not drink today 
My recent battle and hopefully my last left me with a 3 day hangover from hell.  I should have gone to the hospital...but my thoughts were  fuck it if I die at least I won't have to live in this alcoholic hell anymore.   As you can tell I did not die and have been sober since. ..Spent the first night fighting off hallucinations and praying for it to end.  All I could eat were gummy vitamins and bits of food...The next day was basically the same.  Drinking what little water I could get down.  ..The 3rd day I got to an A.A. night meeting.  Afterwards I felt well enough to eat decently.  But I would say over those 3 days I ate maybe 500 calories.   It still took over a week to get an appetite back. ..By all accounts I should probably be dead...My mind still wanders back to drinking from time to time.  But my last detox is still fresh and the thought of drinking scares me.  I don't think I could do through that again.  In the very least I would be checked into a mental ward for suicidal thoughts. ..I am happier not drinking.  I enjoy coffee a lot more now.  I just picked up a cool pour over kit with locally roasted coffee and a bean grinder.  That is my thing these days.  Used to be the perfect whiskey or craft beer...now it is heating the water to exactly 205 degrees pouring it ceremoniously over the perfectly ground coffee and watching it drip.  It is a thing of beauty.  :).
Somewhat similar situation. My girlfriend of almost 2 years dumped me due to my constant drinking and at first I viewed it as a release. Now I could finally get fucked up and not get grief for it. Well that turned into an even more horrible debilitating addiction than I had before. I was always drunk and used loads of other substances on top of it. Ended with me getting kicked out of the place i was living and almost dying before realizing that this could very well be my last chance in life to straighten myself out. That was over a year ago and it was undoubtedly the right decision my girlfriend and I got back together and are now happily engaged. War stories are jumped out of a friends car on the highway bit thru my lip face was fucked up and my pinky is still broken to this day. Got in a physical confrontation with one of my best friends that ended with the police being called by his parents because he threatened to stab me even going as far as repeatedly stabbing the air mattress I was sitting on. (Still my brother to this day he actually got sober shortly after this happened and has been a huge help and inspiration through my sobriety) The worst withdrawals I ever had were after a vodka binge no clue on how many days. I had hardly eaten or drank any water of course and when I ran out of booze I could barely stand and had very jarring hallucinations in the corner of my eyes like someone sticking their head out and peeking at me. As I'm sure you know from AA relapsing can be a huge part of the process of getting better. Mistakes can happen and the fact that you're feeling a type of way about it shows that your heart is ready for a change. I wish the best of luck to you stay strong 
Yesterday I was talking about Mardi Gras with my kids and remembered going to Nawlins and getting drunk on hurricanes for hours then going to a particular club and drinking gin &amp; tonics until nearly sunrise. The hangover had me vomiting uncontrollably until past 6 PM the next day. I did this exact pattern twice which pretty much sums up my insanity regarding alcohol...&amp;#x200B;..I heard something in a meeting once that really helps me. It is important not to confuse the fellowship of AA with the program of AA. Meetings and socializing are the fellowship but the program is working the steps with a sponsor. Meetings help me stay sober but it was the program that *got* me sober.
