-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b23oge/top_o_the_sober_mornin_to_ya_all/

This will be my first St Patrick's Day sober in over a decade. No Guinness Jameson in my morning coffee or Car Bombs by 10:00am...Taking a step back it seems like an awful way to pay tribute to my Irish ancestors by following a cultural trope that romanticizes alcoholism...Alcoholism is nothing to be celebrated. It ruins lives and the Irish have had a long and rough history as a nation with it playing a part in their collective struggles...Instead of celebrating my Irish heritage today with drinking I'll celebrate with great music food and games all with a seltzer in hand...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

So nice to not be vomiting bright green isn't it?
Happy Sober St. Patrick's to you!
NOT to mention St. Patrick was an Englishman ( from the Severn valley)
I love that - focusing on the music food and cultural identity outside of alcohol.  Good for you.  ..Happy St Paddy's day to you!  It's my first sober one too.  Many happy returns of the day!
Good job!! Days like today can really make the decision to stay sober stand out. Think of how great you'll feel on Monday especially compared to people who decided to use the holiday as an excuse for a multi-day bender...Just went over and watched part of a shamrock marathon while enjoying the fresh morning air so much nicer than some of my Sunday mornings back in my drinking days.
I'm Irish American I think in college and my 20's I went to bars and partied..I'm 52 in my late 30's was the last time I was in a bar. However until 10 years ago I lived in very popular neighborhoods with lots of bars and I detested St Patricks Day all these tourists would come for the parade and then defend on the bars. When walking my dog the day of and the morning after I'd be walking around puddles of vomit and dodging drunks who wanted to pet my dog..Now I live in a mostly black neighborhood and there are no bars on the Avenue no drunks no puddles of vomit. Hell I don't even wear green! LOL!
I'm so happy to be sitting in a quiet coffee shop instead of a bar surrounded by loudness. I took a walk today. I'm going to do laundry. I didn't start the day with Bailey's in my coffee and I'm not going to end the day with Jameson. I'm not going to be hungover tomorrow. I have 28 days and I feel GOOD...IWNDWYT 
