-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b246kw/regrowing_emotions_i_miss_my_grandma_so_much/

I've always struggled with emotions and drinking blurred and blunted them enough for me to keep them locked away. ..My grandma lived with us growing up. I had a terrible family situation and my grandmother was the only exception she was one of those loving and angelic tiny little old ladies who was patient and kind and just unconditionally loved me. ..She died six years ago very peacefully in her sleep and at her funeral and the graveside service my chest ached but my mother said she led such a good life and had such a peaceful death that we should be at peace with that so I just repeated that too.  ..I inherited her old turntable but haven't thought about it in years until today when I was at a thrift shop and found an old 45 of Kenny Rogers Love Will Turn You Around. Brought it home dusted off the record player put it on and heard the crackle and Kenny Rogers voice and was immediately a kid in the 80's looking into my grandma's smiling face. I broke down I miss her so much. I can't believe I've never cried for her until today. ..Drinking blurred and buffered my grief but I really loved her and I didn't even let myself feel it when she died. What use is it to be alive and in other people's lives if I drank away all of the feelings that come with being alive and close to others? It seems such a sad blank life I was living so drunk-blunted and avoidant that I couldn't feel anything. ..I'm seeing a therapist I don't mean for this to be a therapy session for me but I know that a lot of us drank our emotions away. If anyone is starting to feel the painful regrowth of emotional nerve endings I'm right there with you. .
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know how but I can feel your grandma's heart overflowing. 
I hear you. I lost my mother when I was young and it took my almost 18 years to come to terms with it. I drank everyday to help with the pain. I too am seeing a therapist and it helps greatly should have done it a long time ago. ..Right now I'm laying in bed after my grandmothers funeral. She was my moms mother and she does Thursday. I love her and miss her so much. But I'm not hungover right now and that makes me happy. 
Your Grandma is proud of your Sober Progress...Me too!
