-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b29y1r/my_progress/

It has been 2 weeks since ive stopped drinking. Today I was sure id relapse. I set all my progress apps back in advance and was ready to give myself a free pass on a beer or two due to working on st. Pattys day and seeing all the beer around me. But when i went to buy some beer after i got off work i didnt want to. I started trying to convince myself to do it since it was a free pass but it was stressing me out and then i realized that was my addiction talking. I ended up getting some soda instead and am still sober. Im really proud of myself I turned down my own free pass and if that isnt a sign of progress i dont know what is. I hope all of you have a lovely day &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds like great progress! I hope the soda was good :)
Now THAT'S the way to celebrate! Congratulations!       
That's awesome. Good for you!
Pro move! IWNDWYT 
Way to go. Happy sober patty day.
That's fantastic!  
You are a person worthy of respect.
Well done! Humans are creatures of habit- I've been so grateful since some of my bad habits have finally begun to reroute to better habits. Realizing you don't even want to drink (when that occurs) is such a great relief isn't it! IWNDWYT
I raise my Key Lime La Croix on ice to you.  ..Congrats!
Good for you! IWNDWYTD!
Gave myself a free pass for NYE 2018 never regretted anything more the following day. Reset 2 months of sobriety to drink shitty champagne. 
IWNDWYT 
Way to go! The hell with that voice that is our disease. We have better things to do....like have a life!
Strength
.A guy I knew at an AA meeting said   that one drink lasted 4 years    That might give you some perspective.  Congratulations best wishes and keep up the good work.
That is awesome!
Huge step!  Awesome!
Im proud of you! IWNDWYT
Proud of you friend. 
Outstanding work OP.  I've been in that moment before and chosen the wrong thing and regretted it. Proud of you. 
Amazing willpower. You literally convinced yourself that you would drink and that it was ok and then you convinced yourself again that it was a bad idea!..You are so much stronger than you think!! Great job. IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT 
Take a screen shot of this and print it out and keep it somewhere visible. Well done you. Make a plan. Keep busy. And use this sub in any way that helps. I'm 2 years sober today. Had no idea this would happen. But I recall 2 weeks... Thanks for sharing.
Nice to hear! Well done.
Heck yeah dude !! That's amazing keep it going! 
Hell yeah! You are strong. 
Congrats! For me those strong cravings stopped after a few months. I always find that if I just give it a bit it passes. Usually I just need some sugar and I feel much better. Great job on one more day! I will not drink with you today! 
You're amazing! Tonight I made a new drink. It's ice water lemon juice and orange extract. It smells so good and makes me feel happy.
It's not easy the struggle is every minute hour and day but you have made it this far and that is something. Keep going you got this.
Holidays are the worst congratulations for sticking with it!
You did a really tough thing good on you 
Same sobriety day it was my 2nd week too and i raise my green tea for you 
That's great 
So proud of you and happy for you. Well done friend. Not only is this great for you but helps others out there. Like me! 
You legend!
Too soon junior
well done my dude stay strong
R A D I C A L.   ...I remember a few instances when I first quit where I was moments a way from picking up a drink but had a sudden moment of clarity (for no apparent reason) and decided not too.   ...The universe is on our side if we keep our eyes open. IWNDWYT!
Well done. This is my 3rd attempt and 3rd failure at 2 weeks in. I'm determined to get over this two week hump
IWNDWYT
Well done....
I would give almost anything to be that strong right now 
Fantastic!!! Iwndwyt
Way to go! The addiction speaks loud. I play music to shut the F'r up! Hope you enjoy rest of your sober day. You ROCK!! IWNDWYT
Wow!! Good for you!! I am 2 weeks sober and I feel the same way. I have definitely lost the crave of it. Cooking is my hardest time because I always had wine. Keep up the good work! IWNDTWY 
it's crazy how much we stress ourselves out over a simple decision to drink or not to drink. way too stay the course. It's so worth it.
good job..it's not fucking free
