-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2clj0/its_been_about_21_days_and_my_mood_swings_are/

I went counseling 2 months ago and I was quitting for up to 2 weeks at a time then relapsing for a day and repeating with 2 weeks off. In total I definitely haven't drank the same as I used to drink so I have significantly cut down. .My issue has been I have nothing to replace my drinking  hobby . I've tried going for walks and hikes and drawling and it really just does not get me happy. It's just a temporary distraction I get no joy out of at all. I've tried metal working different crafts and just nothing hits the hammer on the head. .I used to smoke and I'm starting to get the urge to go back yet I haven't. I'm started to rely on Ativan a lot as a replacement. I don't understand what fun things people do sober. Everything seems to bore me. Even before I began drinking I was constantly lacking interest in general activities. ..I've been pretty down recently and I get very angry randomly. I don't wanna go back to smoking week or cigarettes or even vaping. I just don't understand what do people do sober that makes their day so fun. ..All I do is work and go to school. I used to always look forward to having a few drinks at the end of the day now I have nothing to look forward to. Candy is just candy watching a movie won't happen I get bored 30 minutes in. Watching a show can only last me so long until my eyes are red and I'm bored. I need a hobby. This is very tough 
----------immediate responses--------

For me I drank through every emotion. Happy sad bored etc... When I have it up I had to relearn just how to be. It too me a long time to get good at being a drinker. It took time for me to get good at being sober. Time is the great healer. Meditation helps too. Glad you are here. Stay strong. 
It was tough for me too. I tried to remember that my body and brain were still healing but boy I had some rough days. ..It passed but it really sucked.
I am at day 35 (badges are broken) and going through big mood swings also with long periods this weekend of feeling like nothing is fun or giving me joy. I think it will pass and also that I need to try new things and workout more. I am trying to focus on the positive: how many days I have chosen to abstain how my body is healing and mind is getting sharper how my sleep now is much better than just passing out etc..IWNDWYT.
It's like walking up a hill. It goes slow and nothing seems to change and then one day you look back and you are on too and the view behind you is amazing and in front of you is something you could not or even imagined. ..It just takes time. Things like recovery groups therapy education yoga working out journaling can make the journey go faster and smoother. 
