-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2k2g9/hello_everyone_new_here_day_10_propaganda_thoughts/

Where to begin.....I am 30 years old and I have been quite the drinker for about 12 years.  I will never forget my first drunk.  We were a rough group of people 4 lost dudes renting a huge house at the ages beginning at 17.  A few "friends" brought over some Sailor Jerry's and they poured me 2 mugs full (about 16oz.)  They were all cheering for me to chug it and me being the badass I thought I was I went for it.  It tasted awful.  I don't remember anything except rolling my head around on the couch trying to feel comfortable.  I threw up hard and the dog living in the house ate it and got wasted himself.  It was so ridiculously sad but for some reason it was the new "hilarious" story to tell at my expense...Fast forward a few years and the same group of people are all becoming heavy drinkers.  For some reason it was just acceptable.  Like this is what adults do and we want to be adults.  I don't know.  This is where I want to delve into the propaganda side of things.  We all prided ourselves on the amount of alcohol we could consume call it a badge of honor.  Why did we think this way?  Why do many of my friends still boast about their destructive behaviour?  Why the hell is this harmful substance celebrated when it can cause as much if not more harm than any other drug?  Would we say to eachother "duuude you shot 2 vials yesterday you were soooo fucked up!"..Fast forward yet again to 10 days ago.  I won't go in to details about my home life and what's going on there because it's too devastating to address just yet.  We'll just say alcohol fueled my jealousy and anxious behaviour.  It was my 12 hour shift at Stogies a smoke and vape shop.  I had packed with me that day my lunch my gallon of water and my 8.5oz glass kombucha bottle full of 100-proof rum.  Some days I would have my first sip at 9am (the shift was an 8-8) and since I was rationing out my alcohol I thought it was fine.  Well this was one of the days I decided to wait until 3 so I could get a good buzz off it.  About 2pm I have this feeling in my gut that something is going on with the wife and kids.  I call our home phone no answer.  She scooped up the kids and took them to her parents house.  It was at this very moment that something completely out of the ordinary happened.  I took that fucking putrid bottle of petrol and dumped every last drop down the sink.  I don't want to villify her but she also has an awful problem as far as I know I think she is working on it...Anyways I have chosen to tell coworkers bosses friends and family that I'm getting off this shit once and for all.  Cue the propaganda from nearly every source.  "Zach alcohol itself isn't bad.  Actually 1 or 2 beers are healthy for you."  "Wine is good for your heart."  "If you only buy a 40 from the store what will you drink that night?"..You really wanna know bossman?  I'd drink the 40 and run to the liquor store as soon as it's empty.  It's not for me.  I can't handle it.  There are two states for me concerning alcohol and that's sober or drunk.  Why is our culture so insistant on this damned substance?  Why did we tout ourselves and friends alcohol?..The last issue I want to touch on is that I firmly believe alcoholism isn't a disease.  That is a big fucking scapegoat for people to relapse.  The industry makes it appear that quitting alcohol is something you can't do on your own.  Oh the seizures!  Death!  You need benzos!  You have a disease!..Take it from a "pint-o-rum+" drinker a day you can do it.  Don't fall for the scares.  I was terrified and I think it amplified my anxiety which in any other scenario would lead me to drink again.  What a vicious cycle.  The shaming the hurt the pain it causes leads to more.  What in God's name has this stuff done...I'm not saying everyone can do it on their own but as for me?  It was all in my head the fear didn't come from me it came from the media.  Day 4 was about as awful as it got felt like dark wings were trying to embrace me.  I was just... confused?  Everything was funny I kept telling myself that I'm sexy in the mirror and then it would flip to the most awful anxiety of "where am I?  Do I really work HERE?  What am I doing with my life?"..Sleep got better by day 5 and I just can't believe I wasted so much of my life on this nasty stuff.  I have no urge to ever touch it again.  I don't miss the taste I don't miss the feeling I don't miss not being able to go to any event after 5pm cause I'm too sauced to drive safely...The last thing I want to touch on is the religious side of it.  I talked to my pastor (non-denominational christian church) and I was hit with "That's not like you.  You wouldn't do that.  God is fighting for you."  All I hear from that is that my personal will is moot and anything good I do is God's work anything bad I do is all my fault...Anywho on to a much happier alcohol-free life.  I will not miss the taste.  I will not miss the pain.  I will not miss the heartbreak.  I will not miss wasting my time (of which I've recently realized I have a LOT of.)  I will not miss the looks I got from coworkers confused why I smell of alcohol.  I will not miss the swervy roads.  I will not miss the god-awful hangovers...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your decision to change your lifestyle!..I hope your beliefs support your intentions!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
The sober journey is not easy but worth it for alcoholics like me. IWNDWYT
Have you read either *Alcohol Explained* or *This Naked Mind*?..TNM specifically goes into the culture of drinking that we swim in and are endlessly bombarded by. And gives tips on handling it.
Everyone's experience detoxing from alcohol is different. Good luck on your journey.
Stay the course
