-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2liop/i_used_to_be_the_drunk_crying_girl_on_weekend/

I used to be the drunk crying girl trying to find my purse and struggling to stand up straight. But last night I was the girl who helped the drunk crying girl stopping her from driving and instead taking her home. I was looking at my old self from a different point of view. The world is more beautiful from a sober perspective. We have enough problems and drunk problems are so trivial. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh yes....totally relate. Drunk emotional girl was me to a T. It's really eye opening when you're around drunk people sober because you just know how embarrassing you probably were also drunk. I don't even like thinking about it lol
Thank you for being somebody's guardian angel.
&gt;We have enough problems ..True!
Oh man drunk crying girl was my MO. Or drunk angry girl talking mad shit (I am not even an angry person lol). Kudos to you for taking care of the old you.
That put a smile on my face...Its so cool to see people turn there lives around and be able to touch others lives in a positive way.
This is only my views but the world can be paralyzingly terrifying painful and hard place. Alcohol can give temporary reprieve. The drawback? Alcohol makes it worse once it wears off and can add real problems before it wears off.  .If I may ask you why were you the your prior girl? Does it start off as a social lubrication function for you?
I can definitely relate to this. It's glorious not to have to be that person any more! Good for you. IWNDWYT.
I love that I'm no longer  that girl.  And now that I'm not it's pretty predictable when watching someone spiral out of control and it's usually the same people. ..I'm also glad because all it takes is one social media post that can ruin my reputation and pop up for the rest of my life... I always think of [4 sambuka girl](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_iZxmDe9UaQ) and how that will follow her around forever.  IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT 
I used to be the sociable guy then the slurring guy then the unpredictable guy all in 1 night. I could be crying or in a rage picking fights. Now I'm the " yay it's 5pm and all my responsible things to do are done so I can put my pjs on now" guy.
That was me too. Sometimes I was a fun drunk (obnoxious) but I was usually the angry and wailing drunk in my last few years. ..I looked a total mess and humiliated myself so many times. ..All in the past thank heavens! 
