-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2lm7h/dont_underestimate_depression_and_the_influence/

I just wanted to share something about mental health and alcohol...While I was never that super optimistic cheerful person I've had some depressive episodes and I was often struggling with self-image and self-confidence issues it never truly escalated to a non-functioning or life threatening level. Except when I was heavily drinking. On occasions I found myself revealing my darkest thoughts. The bullshit that some people say that alcohol makes you say the truth... Nope nope nope. This was everything but not my truth. I was becoming that drama queen full of self-pity which I am not. While I am not wearing hearth shape glasses all of the time I am not suicidal when sober. I never considered it as a possibility in my adult life. However on some occasions I found myself drunk and truly considering jumping out of the balcony for example. I was obviously able to convince myself that "this is not a decision you make while drunk" and "to go to bed now and rethink it tomorrow". But I am scared to imagine what if I was one level more drunk that particular time when I was upset and drinking alone. I remember very clearly my 30th birthday. I was casually drinking with my SO at home but he eventually went to bed at some point and I continued drinking and smoking at the balcony thinking how bad is it that I will never be twenty something again... I would never ever do this sober. ..Almost two years ago a model I followed and liked I lot committed suicide. It was not exactly like a "celebrity suicide" for me because we've had mutual friends and I was aware of some private stuff like her depressive side and self-image issues. I often thought that I understand and at some extend share how she is feeling about herself but more like "yeah we have these dark thoughts from time to time...". And her death is still like a slap in the face for me. I didn't knew how serious it was for her. My point is we never ever have to underestimate the importance of our mental health. This is not a joke. And is not only happening in the movies. It could have been even me not because I ever made the decision to end my life but because I was too drunk to rethink it leaving my SO and my family heartbroken for the rest of their lives. ..So people out there struggling with depression self-insecurity or whatever mental issue it is never too soon to take care of yourself and seek help!..I am glad I am sober today and IWNDWYT! ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. Drinking frequently made me both hyper anxious and depressed. Treating depression with alcoholic level drinking is about as sane as treating insomnia with meth
My depression always comes back with drinking at least 90% of time. Anxiety also goes way up it is stupid that I do it knowing the result that is why I'm here because I'm not everyday drinker but it causes me major emotional trauma after using.
Thank you SO much for this. I relate to every detail so hard. This is why I stopped. I feel incredible now.
Yeah my drinking escalates my depression like mad. I also have drifted from "mere" suicidal ideation into something closer to intention. If I had a gun in those moments I would have done it.  It's scary.  I'm on day 1 now and the biggest reason I'm not drinking is because my mental health is in tatters.  IWNDWYT
I've had a loaded gun against my chin a twice when drunk.  Those time are behind me and I thank God every day I didn't do it.  I'm much more vigilant about my mental health and depression.  It's crazy how drinking can affect your mind. Iwndwyt 
My depression has lifted significantly since getting sober. I still have my low moments but they are not as chronic. I was suicidal and tried with a noose and pills a couple of times. I despised myself and the world. ..Now I feel sad but it doesn't leave me curled in a ball sobbing my heart out. Problems and moods are also easier to put into perspective when you are clear headed all the time. I don't worry as much. I am more confident in myself...We are all absolute BADASSES. We are recovering from a very dangerous drug and getting through life's highs and lows without a drink or twenty. We are tough. We are brave. We are self aware. ..I am starting to like life again for the first time since I was a child. It is so scary what alcohol does to our bodies I am horrified I used to throw that stuff down my throat...IWNDWYT  
