-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2lunv/newly_sober_again_and_battling_depression/

Hi everyone..I used to post in the sub years ago under an old account that I forgot the password for. I just really needed a low stakes place to share my feelings. I fundamentally feel like my life has fallen apart over the last few months...I'll start by saying I've struggled with alcohol abuse for most of my adult life but never considered myself an alcoholic. I used to go to A.A. which was hit and miss for me. I eventually stopped going because I lived in a big city couldn't find the community I needed there and I had a very demanding job at the time that made it hard to go to regular meetings. Therapy actually helped more than anything and I'm planning to start going again in the coming weeks...My drinking was under control for most of the last couple years but thing kind of fell apart in the fall of last year. First I was sued for $6 million in a frivolous lawsuit from a former employer because I reported him for labour law violations (not paying his employees being the big one). That was stressful but I ultimately knew it would get thrown out which it did but still weighed on my mind. The second incident was that in November my best friend and room mate died of an overdose. I didn't realize that she was an alcoholic because she hid it well. I discovered afterwards that she's been addicted to several prescription drugs as well. This rattled me and caused me to start drinking more heavily again to self-medicate as feeling nothing was better than feeling grief. As a result of self-medicating among other things my relationship with the woman I was sure I was going to marry ended around Christmas. ..I fully went off the rails in January and ended up in detox. I still couldn't stop drinking after that. I felt for the first time in my life an absence of hope and crushing loneliness. Two of my closest friends left the city we lived in last year so my room mate and partner were my two biggest connections. Without them I've felt nothing but empty since they're both gone...Things came to a head last week where I honestly thought it was the end. I was drunk constantly for four days until my dad eventually came to check on me. I moved home to my parents' place the next day and I'm planning on staying here for the foreseeable future. I recognize that this lapse was necessary for me to face he ugly truth that I'm an alcoholic and to facilitate my recovery. It just hurts so much. Like how much can one person take?..I would give everything to go back in time to the end of August before all of this happened. I miss my ex-partner more than anything and the good she brought into my life. I'm in my late 20s and she was the first woman I was genuinely in love with. I miss my best friend because despite her decline towards the end we had nine years of great meaningful friendship. I can't get back what was lost but I can say I will not drink today...Thank-you for reading. I really need some encouragement.
----------immediate responses--------

It's only going to go up from here. Thank you for sharing your story with us that took a lot of courage to admit your mistakes but it isn't over for you you have the rest of your life to rebuild yourself and your life the way YOU want it under YOUR terms! Alcohol doesn't call the shots anymore but you do now. Take this as a blessing in disguise. You may have had a slip up but so have many of us here. More than we'd like to admit honestly. You are doing great already by reaching out and being honest about your mistakes. Although you can't change the past you have the choice right now to change your future and which path it lead down. ..Choose wisely. And most importantly be kind to yourself and stay strong. Day 1 of choosing to live a sober life is the first day of the rest of your life. Remember that. I believe you can do great things. Best of luck IWNDWYT  
Relatable. My life completely fell apart and while it started to happen I was on my longest sober streak. Made it 90 something days. As my mom's health declined in hospice I slowly started to come unhinged and relapsed. Burned every bridge that could have possibly been burned very shortly after. A month later a close friend was murdered. I lost my mind during the weeks and months afterwards. I don't even know how many psychotic breaks I had. Complete hopelessness. ..Proud to say I'm 48 days clean of anything and everything. With the exception of one horrific stupid day and night January 30 I've been 120+ days clean of anything and everything. But I count from the very last day I drank so 48. Whatever. ..I guess what I'm getting at is I can relate to the position you're in and I feel for you. You can make it out and turn it around. Stay strong.
Be gentle with yourself. It's easy to abuse alcohol to just deal with life's everyday stresses. So it makes sense that it's a coping tool you'd grab after unexpected trauma...or worse yet two in a row. I'm sorry for your loss and glad that though you hit your bottom you are still alive and you have support from your family.  You are strong and you aren't alone. Keep reaching out.... IWNDWYT.
Do you have stuff to read? A dog to cuddle? A type of exercise you like? ..I struggle with insomnia and various things help me with that. I take Benadryl at night for my allergies. I have also had luck with Valerian. ..I have a therapist who is helpful and a psychiatrist who helps me not only with meds but reminds me to eat right take supplements go for walks and get off my phone haha...I got a lot out of  Alcohol Explained.  and even Russell Brand's book on recovery. Not necessarily a fan of his but he's pretty smart and a good writer. ..I am also going to try to shrug off the pressure of deciding  am I an alcoholic  or not. I've been a binge drinker for years and I hate it. I know that my life will be better without it so I'm trying to focus on what I want that  better  to look like...
