-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2spne/i_need_help_possibly_offensive_definitely_long/

Long time lurker long time quitter too. I need help i need someone to talk to that wont judge me. I just wish to stop breathing..After a huge struggle in my life things were looking up.  Staying off the booze working towards something. But it all keeps crashing down on me. I fail everywhere I turn. I feel im being punished over and over again. Im a caregiver to my mother taking care of her and her drug habit since I was 16. Now shes basically on the couch 24/7 while i work hard to support the family. Single mom as well. Been an alcoholic for about 13 years. Always stayed under the radar of causing havoc on my family dui's anything on my record etc. I have stopped drinking on and off for the last 3 months. When I do stop drinking i feel like crap and it only takes one stressor to go and drink again. When I attend an AA meetings im forced look at what a shit human that Ive become. Listening to all the old guys tell me 'you are so young and beautiful you can rise above this and take control again you could be like I was on the streets. Keep your head up' so needless to say i dont attend meetings anymore. A year ago I was recovering from an ex that depleted all my funds struggling to work in a crappy economic downfall where I live. I ended up working as a sex worker. Slowly making my way back financially but the work takes its toll as everyone knows. I started to use cocaine which I had only tried once years before. It was the only way to get through my day.  That work leaked into every aspect of my life. I hated men soo much distrust and shame. I tried my best and focused on the money. The busier i got in my work the more I would drink and use.  I kept this side of my life in total secrecy. I was the soccer mom volunteering at the school hosting play dates babysitting teaching my neighbours English who recently moved here bbq's with families. Outside of the shit part of my life that i hid so well it was all about giving my kid the best life i could offer.  One day I had a seizure and was in a coma. I knew why this happened but no one else. The cocaine. I hid it so well family members didnt find any evidence in my home while i was comatose. I ended up on disability moved in with my mom and tried to look for work. Be a normal person. Started working somewhere all went to shit out of my control. Now again looking for work. The tax man is after me it wont be long until Im cut off from disability payments. I started shoplifting food expired food from the food bank only goes so far. Shit I used to work there its gone to hell since then. I want to send my kid to school with fresh fruit and veggies not expired granola bars. I just wont have it this way and subject my child to this crap. Im staring at a six pack to take away all this pain for tonight but I know its gonna be  there tomorrow. I want to throw it away and consume it at the same time. So  F'd up... Men still attempt contact with me from my 'old' line of work. Its been 7 months... Im so close to just bite the bullet drink booze and do this work again. I dont know what else  to do anymore. How much more can a human being take before succumbing to it all. I cant hold it together anymore. Im so ashamed to even talk to a counselor when i did try...the focus was more on my relationship with my mentally unstable mother and that being the cause of all this. In truth its just another anchor pulling me under water. I dont care about her or myself. I want to give my kid a full life but it seems I cant. I wish I could just find a quiet place in the forest and die. I dont know what to do. This post feels like my last resort. Mind vomit. ..Im sorry if i shouldnt post this here or trigger someone. I admire all of you and your strength. I just wanna get through tonight without booze somehow. Thank you for reading my post on my throwaway account. 
----------immediate responses--------

For what it is worth I am praying you don't go back to your old line of work.  You are worth more than that your spirit is worth more than that.  There is nothing that you could be paid monetarily that is of the value that you are.  I hope one day you will see that in you too...Sometimes when things are coming down on me I just do it one day at a time all of it one day at a time.  You climb a mountain with steps not necessarily leaps and bounds.  Just don't drink...this one day.  Just don't go back to your old profession this one day...It sounds as if you are in so much pain.  If counseling doesn't help I don't think it would hurt.  You have issues with your mom trying to support your child.  You feel alone.  You don't have to be...These people here are wonderful they do not judge.  Maybe at least give them a chance?  It doesn't need to be a throwaway account.  You have nothing to be ashamed of you have done the best that you could with what you know.  We all make regrettable decisions.  Don't let it define you.  ..You sound like an incredibly strong woman let that strength define you...&amp;#x200B;
I dont have advice. But I can tell you are a good kind smart resilient person. You are worth saving you are worth being sober. .You are a good mom and a good daughter and have shown that over and over. You are worth of happiness and sobriety. ..Alcohol will only give you more pain and girl from your story  you've had enough pain! Alcohol is like setting yourself on fire to stay warm. ..We have your back. You are loved. Worthy. And you can stay sober right now. I know it. ..Hang in there. 
I haven't got any advice but didn't want to read and run  you sound like you've been through some tough things in your life  I hope you can find the help and support you need   you deserve that happiness   
Hey.  If you're ever in need of some real time chat go to the sidebar --------&gt;  ..and join the stopdrinking irc chatroom.  There always seems to be several people there all very easy to talk to supportive friendly and just all round understanding people in various stages of kicking booze and getting their lives back.  You can talk about anything serious or not but I have found that knowing there are real people around right now or whenever I need company is very helpful...Everyone started out on day 1..\*Good Luck.  I'm sending all the good thoughts to you today\*
I am so sorry that you are hurting so much in this way. ..You sound like a very strong good person. ..You mentioned that you feel too ashamed for therapy but I hope you will reconsider giving it a try because you are worthy and deserving of real help and support. It's very possible that you have PTSD. I'm not a doctor but I suffer PTSD myself and therapy has helped me tremendously.  If not therapy maybe a woman's group? ..I really like what someone said above. Let that strength be what defines you. Sending lots of light and no judgment.  ..IWNDWYT. 
Thank you to everyone for your support. It helped me get through the night. I am going to a crisis counselling centre today. I want to rise above this addiction this pain. 
