-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b2sskr/my_boyfriend_cheated_and_i_want_to_drink_so_badly/

i found out my boyfriend cheated on me today. well last night. with more than 5 people. he also had videos of me crying on his phone. ..my friends are drinking my room smells like him i don't want to be here but i don't want to be anywhere else either. and suddenly i remembered i'm 21 now. so i went to the liquor store. and stared. i got a fifth of bacardi and the cashier said he remembered me from a while ago so he didn't even ID me i just turned 21 in november. i stared at the shorter bottles for a long time. no work until 4pm tomorrow. it's like i'm so disappointed in the world i might as well be disappointed in myself to go along with it. i don't want to be a liar though everyone knows i'm sober. my mom said it's okay to drink sometimes when i said i was going to the liquor store. i don't have the bottle i got anymore but i wish i did...i'm so scared of relapse this is the most traumatic thing to happen since my sobriety. how do i cope? how do i not drink but also not become the empty shell of a human being? i feel like drinking is the only thing that will bring me back to life...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for the pain you're feeling. .Just remember that drinking won't take it away and will add a whole new layer of problems to an already terrible situation. 
Feel you lady nothing breaks like a heart. Your sobriety will carry you through this w grace you sound like a very thoughtful individual. I remember that empty shell feeling but it goes away and I think how you decide you want to grow from that makes all the difference. So give yourself the best shot (I would!). .Also fk that guy cheaters are liars and may dog help his soul cause that's a sickness in itself. .Iwndwyt &lt;3
Drinking never helps! It's like putting dirt over nuclear waste the problem is still there just temporarily masked.  You can handle this lots of people go through terrible life events sober.  Sober you can really feel feelings that's a good thing not something you want to drown out with alcohol.  You can pull through sober and will be so proud afterwards! 
I would give you a hug if I could. I wish I would have your strength when I was 21. Hang in there kiddo. I'm reminded of all the situations I made worse by drinking. IWNDWYT 
So sorry your going through this .. I've been in your shoes ( when I was a similar age ) and I did drink my way through it resulting in more problems ... as others have said it's really doesn't help. X 
&gt;how do i not drink but also not become the empty shell of a human being?..For me drinking is what *made* me an empty shell...At some point I needed to realize that the unacceptable actions of my ex weren't my fault.  That I was a good person worthy of better...I wish that I had found that out sooner.  Before marriage.  Before I tried killing the pain with alcohol.  Before I went down a rabbit hole that ended up with me doing things that I regret...If I were in your situation I'd buy some Febreeze for my room put on some tennis shoes and go for a jog.  That's a great way for me to analyze my thoughts if I'm ready to deal or to completely zone out if I'm not.  Sometimes both in the same run.
What has helped me in periods of wanting to drink is thinking of what I want from the drink and being very truthful with myself and reinforming myself of what the drink will actually do. What it actually does for me is putting more problems on the ones I've already have.  ...Even spending a sleepless night sober and being miserable and exhausted and emotional I've found personally is a more manageable problem for me to deal with than indulging in my addiction and struggling through the myriad of problems drinking adds to my current situation in addition to broken parts of my heart and has never helped me heal any wounds in my heart.  ...Why does he have videos of you crying on his phone? Without any context that sounds pretty sick I'm really sorry to hear that.  ...I just want to acknowledge that is so horrible what he did to you and you didn't deserve that at all. Its OK to feel feelings that are super awful and it doesn't make you a bad person or a weak person in fact it takes a really strong person to feel heavy feelings in my opinion.
I am so sorry this happened. I am also glad you are getting through this sober. You will be able to hold your head high like the dignified and strong lady you are. Disappear from this jerk's life. He doesn't deserve you. ..I knew a guy whose ex cheated on him. He turned to booze to deal with it. Six months later he had still not moved on even in the slightest. Still angry and bitter and getting falling down drunk and shagging anything that moves. His anger would come out when drunk and he could be very unpleasant. Last I heard people were sick of him. Bored of him droning on about her sick of his bad drunken behaviour and telling him to get over it. People even said that SHE dodged a bullet and not him...Don't become that dude. You will move on from this even stronger than ever and you will meet a wonderful guy when the time is right. IWNDWYT   
