-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b33goq/been_sober_since_december_first_and_having_a_bad/

I've been sober since December first and only relapsed once in mid February. It's not so much I want to drink (just know I'll get horribly sick) but I'm so frustrated and frustrated about my nerves and anxiety..Now I should be happy with the string of good days I had recently but this bad day is kicking my ass. .Another thing I can't stand is the feeling of impending doom about my finances/ apartment all going to hell. Guess I just needed to vent but definitely welcoming any encouragement and education. .This anxiety frustration and everything is stressing me out to the max
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there sorry you're feeling this way. I understand anxiety/ panic attacks it can be really rough. Posting here always helps me or taking a walk (to anywhere) if I can. The one great thing about not drinking is waking up the morning after a craving or bad day and knowing you MADE IT! So I think you can do this. Hope that helps and best of luck to you IWNDWYT
Drinking will make any problem worse and you won't regret staying sober keep on keeping on
I feel this So. Hard. Especially this week...I have had to contact my doctor for an adjustment in my anxiety meds because I have had to leave work and every time Im home I cant get off the floor...One of my therapists told me to try to schedule something every day to have something to look forward to. This has been great if my one friend is available but with my finacial stress as well it's difficult for me to set up a plan that doesnt involve spending money on my own...I know this post may be kinda down but I hope my one piece of advice works for you! I still do not hanfle that frustration well.
I know I'll make it today..I just over frustrated myself and needed most of the day to "calm" down. It's hard to be this gentle on myself and I'm still waiting for the anger to come out. But at least I had some warning of a bad day and staying through it is getting me there. This is where I messed up last time. I'm just not really used to the level of being gentle on myself to keep myself from blowing a gasket. .
