-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b34nhg/terrified_in_missouri/

TLDR: I don't know what to do and I am terrified...My drinking came to a head this weekend- I've finally realized that my alcoholism is the root of most all of my problems. It has taken a long difficult road to understand that. ..I drank heavily as a side effect of multiple things: my family drank/drinks heavily daily my college roommates did and the culture I lived in for the last eight years claims to advocate for sobriety but instead glorified heavy drinking. I no longer live near my family and now two months out of my last job (resigned unrelated to drinking- just time for something new) jobless and far from any friends I'm not sure how I'm going to do this. I don't really know anybody where I am and it's difficult for me to go try to meet new people- it's a college town full of engineering students so most events have honestly seemed to be at the bars or been ragers. Plus I'm a shy dude at heart so it takes a lot for me to go meet anyone in the first place...I do live with a wonderful woman I've been dating for about six months now. We met before I left my last job and I immediately cut back hard in my eyes- it wasn't uncommon for me to drink throughout the day and come home to throw back as many beers as I could. Some nights it was 8-12 beers after sipping on a quarter to half a bottle of liquor throughout the day. It still wasn't enough. Now that I'm in such a new place with nobody but her to turn to I started to relapse...I want to change. I want to feel comfortable with myself again. I don't want her to be the only one I rely on- that's absolutely no fair to such a wonderful and loving woman who has stood by me long more than she ever should have. I don't want this to hurt our relationship or the rest of my life anymore than it has...I don't know where else to turn. I have my first AA meeting this Thursday and I'm honestly terrified because I don't know what to expect. I try to keep busy living on a few acres out in the country with chickens ducks and soon some hogs and a big garden once winter decides to stop. My dog keeps me going and I've started working out every day again. On a new diet with the girlfriend that's resulted in losing about 30 pounds and I'm working on quitting dipping as well...I just don't know anymore and I don't know if I'm strong enough. Most people I know I've turned to have all said the same thing- they can just turn it on and off and control it and that I'm awful for drinking. I don't really know who to really turn to who's also had issues like this. I'm scared to reach out because I'm scared I'll get the same reaction: it's your fault go it on your own. I want to be able to have an opinion on anything serious again...Not really sure I can do it but I'm willing to try my hardest. All suggestions welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

Check in here every day. Don't think about what your big bold future will be like without alcohol...literally take it one day/hour/minute at a time. It's ok to be afraid. Fear does not equal weakness. This community is so great and supportive and will have your back. You can do it. Even in Missouri :D 
There's no need to go it on your own there's over 160000 of us here who all understand what it's like for starters!..[This article](http://www.bma-wellness.com/papers/First_AA_Meeting.html) is a very comprehensive guide to what you might expect at a first meeting it might answer some questions you hadn't even thought of yet.....Or just search 'first meeting' in the search bar of this sub you'll find hundreds of posts there to read through! There's no need to be terrified you'll be fine.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Spending plenty of time here on SD is also a big help!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
AA is one of the most welcoming non-judgmental places I've ever experienced!..The anxiety is unfounded....  it's in my head...I'd show up 15 minutes early and walk up to the first person and say "Hi I'm new here; how does it work?"..They'll welcome you and show you where the coffee is!
Guessing you're in Rolla - alcohol is a big campus problem there. Somehow I think you'd be surprised at how comfortable a meeting will seem to you. 
This WashU grad is sending you positive healing energies from Minnesota. You can do this. 
I'm in Missouri too.  Being sober here's not so bad.   Stay strong bud!  IWNDWYT
I envy you have ducks dogs and hogs!..&gt; I just don't know anymore and I don't know if I'm strong enough. ..The funny thing is that drinking requires insane levels of energy effort and endurance.  Quitting is not without its challenges but the one sentence that I read here which is so true is "when you quit drinking the war is over." You have your life again and you have to actually do something with it which might be the hard part.  Booze is a wonderful placeholder for *everything* - dealing with emotional trauma boredom shyness loneliness sadness frustration.. but it's a stupid way to live and it will kill you...&gt; Most people I know I've turned to have all said the same thing- they can just turn it on and off and control it and that I'm awful for drinking...Sorry. Those are ignorant people who don't know shit.  ..Keep coming back here!  Read all the stories like yours and not like yours.  Read the book "This Naked Mind" which helps to deconstruct our relationship with alcohol...You really can do this.  The sober you an hour a day a week down the road is cheering his heart out for you.  
AA saved my life. Everyone is nervous about going to their first AA meeting. One thing you can keep in mind is that everyone in that room remembers going to their first meeting. ..The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. Good luck and keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
Thank you everyone for the suggestions and assurance. It's going to take time to feel more comfortable but it feels wonderful to finally be apart of a supportive community! The articles definitely helped mitigate some of the fear and anxiety for AA. Definitely will let everyone know how it felt. A copy of This Naked Mind gets here tomorrow and I'm looking forward to reading it...You all are great thank you so much.
