-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b36a9g/sober_but_really_struggling_with_flat_depressed/

Hi there!..I feel like I'm making it and for this I am grateful...It's really been a year already - I started at Valentine's last year and I'm sober...Imagine that...It's been trying for almost fifteen years and this time it's caught and I'm just so grateful ..And I've grown enough to be at parties with friends and not feel under siege...I enjoy myself and when it's time to leave I leave...I don't have to fight cravings though I still plan ahead to be safe...I don't get crushing anxiety...But the rush of happiness is missing. I've been flat and quiet for a long time now...My thoughts are filled with regret or feeling not good enough...I still don't deal with unexpected situations well - I panic...I'm indoors a lot. I changed my life around so my partner and I don't get it much...even if I wanted to I can't find anything to get excited about...I'm really worried. I was told to expect an extended period of PAWS - I'm fifty and have been drinking for thirty years...but it's bleak and unending and I just want to cry...I could use some encouragement...It's 5am and I'm going for mediation and I'm just thinking what am I doing?..I used to be filled with so much confidence in it - they asked me to give  Saturday classes but now I feel inauthentic...How am I teaching people how to change their thoughts and change their lives when I myself can't form positive thoughts about who I am?..I feel like someone's taken my body and I don't know where I've gone...My main problem is that it's going on forever...It's like I live in a vague cloud permanently...Anyway sorry for the downer - I am *extremely* grateful to be sober...Any words?
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe depression is why you drank?  I'm a firm believer in taking care of your mental health while getting sober. 
I was surprised to find that although my mood definitely stabilized during the first year it wasn't until around the 14 month mark when I actually felt *good* on a regular basis.    .    .Keep up the meditation! It's really good for your brain in recovery. It is perfectly normal to go through periods of doubt and frustration with your practice.    .    .I have also come to realize that daily exercise is an absolute MUST to maintain my mental health. If I don't exercise I will get depressed. Yoga has been a total game-changer.    .    .There is also the possibility that your brain simply isn't hardwired the right way and you may need some help from a doctor. Anti-depressants can be very helpful for some folks.    .    .Good luck!    .   .iwndwyt
I could have written this - except for the teaching meditation part. I'm feeling the same way but I'm also in consistent therapy so perhaps it's all.the stuff I'm dealing with. ..In my case the depression predates the drinking by a couple of years (starting in my teens) and all the years of drinking buried the root causes so now comes the real work...To your happiness and mine. I do know sober living beats drinking!
Yeah try some therapy and see how you feel! Good work!
You're doing great! Just try to keep moving forward.   
You seem like you may be clinically depressed.  Talk to your doc about possible medication. Worth a try.
I have the same struggle. I started therapy and antidepressants when I got sober.  It was worth it to talk to someone for me.
