-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b38tqy/i_need_to_quit/

But I can't. I'm sure y'all have heard this a thousand time before but I simply can't. I have no will power and have 0 urge to quit. But I need to. I started drinking whenever I was 17 (now 23f) and basically haven't stopped since. I used to drink until I was black out drunk. Didn't care what would happen to me. I'd get in my car to pick up my ex at work while completely shit faced. The abusive relationship I had with that ex threw me further into alcoholism. I'm not proud of it. ..I moved to a different state with my current fiance and it only got worse. It got to the point where I was practically chugging a half gallon to my face every night. ..I moved back to my home state and was sober for about 6 months only to relapse once I moved into my apartment 5 months ago. I was doing great. I was busting my ass to get a decent paying job so I could afford my rent. The stress took hold of me and I started drinking again. A bottle would last me all week and now I'm lucky if it lasts me 2 days. I just finished my bottle and I already want another. I drink through the week now. Not a lot but enough. It's effected my life and my relationship. I can't speak to my family about my addiction because my brother suffers from the same thing and they're already so hard on him about it. Not at all understanding but more rude and distant. ..I need to quit but I simply can't. My work schedule is crazy so I can't exactly go to AA. So if anyone has any tips or tricks for me I'm all ears. 
----------immediate responses--------

The thought of quitting forever is really daunting. ..A popular and frequently successful strategy is to take some time off (30 days is a good number) and re-evaluate how it feels after that. ..30 days is both a long and short time. It's long enough to give you a taste of being sober but short enough that counting down the days is reasonable. ...Set small goals so they are achievable. 1 day one hour whatever. When it's met push to do another interval. Having small victories along the way is really helpful for me. ..Lurk here. Read a lot. You are not alone and there are people on here in the exact same place. Gain strength through solidarity. Share some of how you are doing so others gain from you. ..It does get better. I'm going to bed without a drink tonight and i hope you can soon say that too!
Stay with someone sober. Mimic their habits and relearn how to live without alcohol. 
I'm leaving for a 3rd time to rehab this week. Risking my job by telling my boss selling my house because I'm getting divorced and when I was your age doing the same exact thing. .You may not loose anything or figure something else out. .But man do I wish I could go back in time to tell myself what 10 years later would look like!  I was too self indulged to listen to anyone else than me but an older wiser and humbled version. Maybe my urge would have subsided..Good luck and try to find another outlet wherever and whenever you can. 
Im right here with you. Im on my third round of librium to get through my withdrawals. The last two times i got through it and stayed sober for a little while and thought i could pick up a drink. Then everything would spiral out of control again. I have finally found a doctor who listens to me and wants to help (the other two times i got librium was from the emergency room). It helps me not have cravings or really even think about or want to drink. We are now working together to get me healthy again and on the correct meds. I was self medicating with alcohol. She understands that my alcoholism has a lot to do with underlying issues along with my depression and extreme anxiety. I suggest finding a doctor you trust and feel comfortable with. All the best to you
As outlined in the community guidelines we ask that you only post when you have not been drinking. For this reason we had to remove your post. But we'll be here tomorrow if you want to come back then.
