-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3a3gw/ive_24f_been_sober_for_a_month_now/

It's hard to accept that I'm an alcoholic at 24 years old but when I'm drunk I become abusive or make suicide attempts and that makes me an alcoholic. It doesn't feel legit because I don't constantly crave it but nonetheless I can't give in my husband deserves better than that. My peers regularly try talking me into drinking so I'm really proud that I've made it past one month sober. It's been really tempting to give in but I've been strong. I wanted to share this here because I don't really have anyone to celebrate with - the only person who knows the full extent of my struggle has been my husband but he's struggling with his own alcohol addiction and I don't want to make it feel like I'm rubbing my sobriety in his face. I'm thinking of making myself a cake or some celebratory crepes. I want to do something to celebrate because this feels like an accomplishment.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there you're a strong person for recognizing a problem in your life and choosing this solution. You should give yourself a present ! I'm proud of you your body is very proud of you and your conscience will be proud that you do a lot less regrettable things. ..I know from my own experience what this peer pressure is like. I also quit drinking when I was 24 now two years ago. ..People in the initial stages really can be pushy and annoying. Sometimes I think they see it as a phase that you'll return to drinking and they don't take you seriously yet. I have to admit that I lost contact with a lot of these people. I think you can divide your friends into 'friends while sobriety' and drinking buddies. I had to stop meeting up with those guys to remain sober. It also was much more fun with my 'friends while sober'. These developed into more quality friends. I suggest looking for social contacts that aren't pushy or really confront your friends that this kind of behaviour will not do for you. ..I can't say how great it is that after two years I now have good friends that have never known me raising a glass. Maybe this vision of the future could strengthen you in these days. I will not drink with you today!
(27M here) It's good to see another young person making good steps toward their health! Keep it up. 
Welcome. I'm proud of you. I wish would have had your clarity and resolve at your age. IWNDWYT 
I'm reminded of a good friend who told anyone who asked that he didn't drink because he was "allergic" to alcohol.  It made him do things he would never do when sober...A month is a huge accomplishment...I vote for cake.  :)
24F here too. It's really hard not drinking when everyone is especially at our age. It's the time to do all these things. I like to tell people I'm taking a year away from drinking because it upsets my stomach when I do it I think. People want you to drink because they hate being the ones drunk by themselves and acting a fool...Hopefully we can both find ways to not miss it! I'm in the same boat as you. My friends go out drinking and clubbing and I get jealous. I don't like putting myself in drinking environments sometimes I must go (like my upcoming wedding) but it is kinda fun to watch people be drunk and stupid while you're sober. It's a nice reminder to me to not drink to see what I look like from an outside perspective.
25f here I can't express how incredible it feels to be in complete control of your world. it takes some time to adjust to the lifestyle change but once you do... I feel infinitely more creative imaginative and capable now than I did when I was giving up that control and letting alcohol take me on the same damn boring journey every time
