-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3fbtg/struggling_with_staying_sober_long_term/

I originally found this sub in February of 2018. I went 3 months sober without a problem then made the mistake of drinking at a wedding and went back to my old self. Since then it has been a roller coaster. I am happy to say I am more sober now than I have ever been in...well as long as I can remember. But I still cave to the pressure every now and then and let it get out of control. My bigger issue isn't even the day that I cave but that I then use it as an excuse to drink for the next few days to "lighten the hang over." Anyone got any advice to get over that point where you start to feel safe thinking "I can have one everything has been fine lately?" 
----------immediate responses--------

I've got the same problem and I'm struggling to get off the merry go round..Its not that my drinking is really bad it's just once I start again I'm then thinking about it everyday shall I have one can I control it etc etc it's exhausting I just want to never drink again..I notice as soon as I start again some belly fat appears that can't be good!
Very same problem. My body is such that a few beers will give me panic attacks for at least the next day making me want to drink so bad just to get rid of them. This was a big chunk of why I drank so much so often for so long. It sucks watching people who can handle it but in the end its good cause it means you literally can't even have one. 
I finally quit because of this.  Did the cycle you described so many times.  The last one was a Sunday baseball game.  Nothing too excessive but then I cured the hangover on Monday and on Tuesday and again on Wednesday until I was like WTF am I doing here.  One awkward moment on Sunday has ruined my whole week and has me feeling like shit.  I need to figure these situations out...First most of that perceived social pressure was coming straight out of my own head.  Second if someone else actually does pressure me how important is that person to me?  Do I care more about upsetting them than I care about my own mental state for the next week?  Hell no.  That would need to be one spectacularly special situation to suffer all that...And now I just shrug people off.  You sure you don't want a drink?  Ah you are no fun.  I liked you better when you drank.  Eh *shrug* what are you going to do right?  I am not being paid to entertain you.  If I was I would have prepared a dance.
Thanks for sharing. I can relate. I'm mostly sober since last December but can't get completely abstinent. Back at AA which I like but something is missing from my recovery . So frustrating. Anyhow. IWNDWYT  
6 years ago today I was admitted to the ICU to under go medical detox.  I was kept there for at least 24 hours before being released to general care where I stayed for another 2 days.  During my stay I was told repeatedly that I was in danger of dying from alcoholic withdrawals (I don't believe this is widely known but alcoholic withdrawals can stop your heart).  I was visited by social workers who spoke about 'recovery' and 'sobriety' and I had no idea what they were talking about.  I assumed it was something to with AA but the only thing I knew about AA was that it was for skid row drunks or religious types.  I thanked the doctors and the nurses and the social workers and on Saturday morning I was sent home with some information about an 'outpatient recovery program' whatever that was...By Saturday afternoon I was drunk.  The next few days are somewhat hazy but on my 34th birthday (exactly one week later) I found myself in the office of the outpatient program director and she was telling me all about recovery and getting sober and again I had no idea what she was talking about.  The only thing I knew for certain was that I wasn't going to quit drinking.  All I needed was a way to control my drinking.  My first meeting with this group was to be the following Monday (April Fools day of all days!).  She recommended I didn't drink until then and that I attend meetings over the weekend.  I lied to her and said I would and then went immediately across the street to Safeway and bought a bottle of Famous Grouse to celebrate my birthday.  ..I drank straight through the rest of the week and weekend and arrived at the first outpatient meeting on Monday evening with an **incredible** hangover.  Actually who am I kidding? I arrived in the midst of alcoholic withdrawals.  I sat in the room and listened to everyone share their stories and I was still convinced I didn't have a problem with drinking.  My problem was learning how to drink again not that I needed to quit altogether.  I mean life without alcohol seemed like a life not worth living.  It would be so boring.  What would I do? How would I cope? What would people think of me if I told them I didn't drink?  The meeting ended and we passed around a phone list and when it got to me something strange happened: I couldn't write because my hands were shaking so badly.  ..I tried everything to steady my hand.  I tried exhaling slowly; I tried holding my breath; I tried writing with my left hand; I tried holding the pen like a knife.  Nothing worked.  Finally the person next to me gently took the paper and pen and asked my my name and number.  I don't remember what he looked like or his name but I remember the understanding and compassion in his voice. ..Two days later I was back that outpatient program and still drunk.  It was clear the outpatient program wasn't working for me so the director sat me down and gave me an ultimatum: either I would enroll in a 30 day inpatient program or they would discharge me as a patient.  At that moment I couldn't think of an excuse as to why I didn't need rehab and I couldn't think of lie to tell my family why I didn't need the outpatient program.  So what could I do but surrender?  ..As I was checking into rehab I still didn't understand what huge part of my life AA would soon become.  I attended my first church basement meeting on Friday April 5thand I haven't looked back since.  I know AA isn't for everyone and no member of AA can pretend to hold a monopoly on the truth or the solution.   But I know it works for me. ..And the point of my long winded answer to your question: ..&gt;Anyone got any advice to get over that point where you start to feel safe thinking "I can have one everything has been fine lately?"..Go to a meeting.  Be of service.  Barring an unforeseen incidents I'll have been sober for 6 years in two weeks.  And while the physical cravings have gone I still find myself asking your very question from time to time.  ..Hope that helps. Good luck.
