-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3ixsg/back_to_day_zero/

I'd been cruising along and then crashed hard can't figure out what happened other than the obvious   I decided to drink. Three days later I feel like shit and can't even figure out the lesson other than the obvious   don't decide to drink again...I'm not going to beat myself up for relapsing. I know it's a process I know I can't  wreck  recovery (all those days I didn't drink were still days I didn't drink; they don't somehow not  count  anymore!) I know all that stuff. But it's so frustrating to feel like I didn't even learn anything from this mistake. Mistakes are just opportunities to learn right? So why doesn't this one feel that way?..Anyway I'm just rambling and discouraged. But I'm not drinking tonight so that's one good thing.
----------immediate responses--------

I know how you feel.. but it is a learning experience. Building sober muscles .. I know It always starts with first drink. 
Definitely don't beat yourself up. ..May I ask how many days sober did you have?..You mentioned you can't figure out why the relapse happened. ..Were you alone or with friends?.Was the experience new or familiar?.What time of day was it?.Who did you talk to before you drank? What did you talk about? ..These are the questions I ask myself when I'm not sure why I'm feeling what I do. My addictions are usually from me trying to fix manage and control my state of excitement anxiety and depression...See if that helps...Cheers!
You made your way back.  That's all that matters.  Let's crush it this time.
Never quit quitting! 
Nice work man 30 something days is way better than zero. Every day counts!
I know exactly how you feel. I also am back to day one. It perplexes me to no end how I can SEE and FEEL the changes of not drinking and truly love them and then sit here with horrible anxiety and insomnia in the middle of the night after drinking the past couple of days. The  why  of it just drives me insane. Can't even place what changes my mind and that intimidates me but I will *not* give up. ..IWNDWYT 
