-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3jz1b/ideas_to_keep_from_drinking_on_business_trips/

Some of my worst binges have been on business trips when I was alone and didn't have anyone to stop me from drinking to blackout levels. I'm lucky I haven't been raped or ended up in a ditch given some of the situations I've put myself in. I started a new job last year that has a lot more travel and I've come up with a few ways to keep myself from making stupid mistakes. I've seen a lot of people here say they struggle with business travel so here are a few ideas that have worked for me:..1. In-room spa night! I went to Lush bought a few things and got a ton of free samples. They have a lot of solid items (shampoo bars etc.) that you can take in your carry on without having to take up precious space in your liquids bag. I put a mask on my face drop a bath bomb in the tub put some deep conditioner in my hair and take a nice long soak. Bonus I look great at my meeting the next day instead of having a puffy face and bloodshot eyes!.2. Jigsaw puzzles! I loved these as a kid and my family still does puzzles when we get together. Dollar Tree sells some cute 500 piece puzzles for a dollar. I picked one up at a dollar tree near my hotel so I wouldn't waste bag space and I left it behind at the hotel..3. Work out! Take advantage of the gym in your hotel or pull up a workout video on your phone and do it in your room. I managed to cram a thin yoga mat in my bag on my last trip and did a 15 minute nighttime routine I found on YouTube to help me get tired for bed..4. Video games - I have a Nintendo switch and it comes with me on every trip. I can waste an entire night playing Skyrim on that thing...I've found that for me staying in my hotel is the safest and I try to pick hotels that don't have a bar in the lobby. A few trips ago I decided to go out and explore the town which of course was really just exploring bars and I ended up blacking out - I've been sober since that day...What do you guys do while traveling for business (or otherwise) to help keep you sober?
----------immediate responses--------

I was literally going to recommend a Switch. That's what I've done with great success. Exercise helps a lot too. 
These are great suggestions!  I have a trip coming up in a few weeks - my first since calling it quits - and I'm really nervous.  Will be good to go with a plan. Thanks for sharing!
I take my sobriety podcasts with me so I can continue learning and stay focused on that growth...I also look for some food the area is famous for.  A BBQ place that has been there for 80 years or something like that.  Most of those places tend not to sell booze or if they do it is a very distant second to their food.   And I feel like I have seen a bit of the area certainly more than the one millionth bar pushing craft beers...And then I will try to at least walk by a historical landmark since a lot of things are closed by the time I get into town...Then I wake up early and workout to start my day off right.
I do a lot of walking in the evening if the weather is nice. Like /u/queyew says I try to find a cool restaurant preferably one that doesn't serve alcohol or at least is focused on food and not craft beer or cocktails or whatever. Also ice cream shops or other local dessert favorites. I live in a really small town that doesn't even have many of the trendier chains for food so even like Chipotle for instance can be a treat. ..My last business trip was a convention in New Orleans a big drinking town. I had been sober over a year at that point and just point blank told my coworkers I wasn't going out with them because I'm an alcoholic and can't be in bars. No one seemed to judge in fact no one seemed to care beyond like vague "oh well we'll miss you when we go out" type stuff. It was really liberating for me to just tell the truth and it made it basically impossible for my coworkers to pressure me to go out. I hit over 20000 steps on the fitbit each day I was there and stocked my room's mini fridge with pellegrinos and pastries from local bakeries. 
Good idea on video games. Get a raspberry pi with all the Nintendo /sega games loaded. They just hook into the hotel tv thru hdmi
I was recently away for work and a friend had introduced me to Pokemon Go. Now i am in my late 30s not a gamer but u must say it gave me something to do in the evenings that didn't involve drinking and as a bonus you actually discover some local landmarks and get out of your hotel room!
These are great. Business trips were my worst moments too. I quit drinking at the end of a particular multi-country bender. ..I still travel a lot for work in my new job and I've been struggling. The biggest problem is the area I travel to is expensive and hotels in the company budget aren't that nice. I'm not in a hurry to get in the bathtub and there aren't any spa robes or hot tubs (or room service my fave!)  I've worked out a couple times but need to figure out how to motivate myself to do it more ...
[removed]
I'm not necessarily the best person to ask because honestly I'll take cannabis edibles with me on business trips. I don't need much; just enough to get relaxed so that I don't feel jittery. I also drink a ton of "nighty-night" tea to help me sleep in hotel rooms...Otherwise definitely agree on spending lots of time in the fitness center and doing yoga (I also bring a travel yoga mat with me). Getting take-out or ordering in so that I don't have the option of getting wine with dinner helps.  I also try to find art galleries or museums where I can spend an evening although most of these are closed after work so I'll often go for walks if the weather is nice.
I love this post. I travel for work and am trying to make it more than a few days. I'm scared for my next trip but this has given me some good ideas. Thank you!!
