-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3luvo/shame_and_embarrassment/

I have done so many humiliating things because of my addiction to alcohol. I'm struggling with the shame from these and afraid of the depths I have put myself in. I don't trust myself....I want to do better but these memories are haunting me. I'm so ashamed of what I have become...I have let people down who deserve better I have embarrassed myself so much. .I really don't like what I have become and feel like disappearing. How do I live with myself after all this....I don't know where else to reach out to ask how to cope with these feelings. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can't undo the past. But you can stop looking in the rearview mirror and start taking steps to move forward by doing things differently and thus resulting in better outcomes. Perhaps amends can be made with others in the future but regardless it's important to work on improving yourself. Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT!
Hey...check out the take a break from drinking podcast episode 8 (or around there). Even if you hate the podcast that episode deals with shame and I found it super useful. 
So glad!  Hope it helps!  
It sounds like going go an aa meeting finding a sponsor and beginning the 12 steps would really help with all of these issues...seriously  what you're going through is so common. About every one of us has experienced exactly what you're experiencing right now. You have an addiction... These are the side effects. Start by going and hitting as many different meetings as you can.
I also struggle with the exact same issues you describe. I have no advice to offer you only that i understand exactly what you have written. Hugs   iwndwyt xxx
[removed]
Same here. I get flashbacks and cringe... freaks me right out and i think of drinking... but the past is the past. But we control the future. Time heals all wounds mate. I havent embarrassed myself in 23 days now. Record! Dont stress about it. Just think positive about the future
Ooh buddy I have been there - many many times. You are human. It's easier said than done but you have to forgive yourself. You clearly have a conscience and a drive to be better - that's integrity. A very good quality! It's ok to be embarrassed to feel guilty but be careful because for me shame lead back to drinking. You are not drunk you. Be easy on yourself x 
