-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3qev7/113_days_of_no_alcoholthings_ive_noticed/

1.I think back on the mornings of laying in bed wishing I could fall back asleep but my heart would be racing my head was pounding as I lay there anxious and dreading the coming day. Laying there hating myself trying to figure out what I did the night before. Now I sleep soundly wake up feeling rejuvenated I am excited to start the day. .2. I used to neglect my family so I could continue drinking. I never thought I was doing this but I realize now that I am sober that I would continually disappear so I could go smoke and pound a beer and think no one will notice. I wasted hours and hours doing this. Now I am an ever present force in my kids lives. I am up with them when they need me at night and awake and present with them in the day. I love them so much. .3. I was unhealthy. Very unhealthy. My body hurt my kidneys ached I smelled my skin was constantly breaking out and red. I would workout and wonder why I wasn't making much progress. I used to think "My body wants to stay at 190. That's my 'healthy' weight". Nope. Not anymore. I'm 25 pounds down and getting shredded. My son told me "Dad when I grow up I want to be strong like you!". I am stronger leaner look better and have more energy then I did 10 years ago. I love it. .3. I was lifeless. A shell of who I really am. My life was controlled by alcohol. I didn't drink everyday. If I hadn't drank in two days I'd think "I've been good!" Let's go out and drink a 4 pack of 8% ipas and then start on the 6 pack you bought when those run out. Get even more fucked up. Find some red wine somewhere. Drink until I can't feel feelings. Blackout. Wake up hurting. Waste an entire day feeling like shit. REPEAT two days later. Then I would tell myself "I'm not an alcoholic I go two days without drinking! Alcoholics drink everyday. Not me! So I'm good." Not anymore! I have hobbies again! I am reading again! I am remembering my entire day my life! .4. Turning down booze gets easier but some people are amazed that you don't drink. I now notice how normalized alcohol is in society. I used to lurk on this subreddit and read people discussing the "normalization of alcohol" and think "No way they are just alcoholics and are addicted and making excuses." I've learned a lot since then..5. I still have struggles. Things aren't perfect. I have relationship issues constantly. Things are changing. I know though that sobriety is my path. I can't waver. Alcohol fucked me up and I'm still trying to pick up some pieces. ..Thanks for the support. I would not have been able to do this if it wasn't for this sub. Much love. IWNDWYT! . 
----------immediate responses--------

Great writing! I was the same way on most of these things.  It's amazing how much my life has changed for the better.  Iwndwyt!
Nice job and nice reflection. I was much the same. 42 years old and I feel like I am just starting my  real  life. 
Congrats on 113 days!!.Thank you for sharing I need these reminders daily!!
Congrats!!! Great post loving my new life and as i write this i just realised that i have the brightest outlook of my future than I ever did. 53 yrs old and finally escaped my own personal hell of being a drunk!
Great post. I really love the lists/reflections post. I can relate to 90% of this. Congrats 
Thank you I really needed to read this today. IWNDWYT 
Your comment about how you would try to justify drinking after going a couple days without really hit home for me. I do a very similar thing and am in the early stages of trying to quit...Thanks for the post.
Congrats and great job!  What made it stick for you?  
I did the same thing and would celebrate day 4 of no drinking with drinking the longest I've gone without a drink is a week only to fall back even harder. I'm done being stuck in this cycle.
I'm almost 3 months down. And I'm really starting to realize that "drinking" becomes a hobby. Once that's gone you start finding new hobbies and start doing things you ACTUALLY enjoy doing in your free time...&gt;."Dad when I grow up I want to be strong like you!". I am stronger leaner look better and have more energy then I did 10 years ago. I love it. .&gt;.This brought a smile to my face..
Man Number 4 is all about me. Congrats!
I can relate to not drinking for 2 days and telling myself  I can drink .  Seems like I tried to make up for not drinking those 2 days. 
You sounds exactly like me only without the kids and wife...This very morning I laid in bed at 4 am and can't sleep because my heart is pounding.  So awful...
I really relate to 1 4 and 5.  I've been working hard on my sobriety for the month of March (did have a set back last weekend but I'm at it again) and it has really amazed me how normal it is to see and hear about alcohol in society. My company hosted a social function earlier this week with an essentially open bar. (They way over ordered for the amount of RSVPs and they were laughing about how many drinks everyone was going to need to have in order to drink the whole order.) I was very aware of the temptation and I decided it was best for my health and happiness to avoid the event. I walked home alone past at least 5-6 bars and clubs with advertisements basically begging everyone to come in and drink...&amp;#x200B;..The other thing I constantly hear is jokes like "I wouldn't want to order that drink I'd look like an alcoholic!" And it is interesting to me because most of the things they joke about are not the behaviors I associate with my drinking problems and a lot of others'. And obviously real alcoholism is not funny (it killed my grandfather). I've seemed to notice how strange the culture around alcohol is since I've started my real effort to be sober. 
Wow are you me? This really made me think. 
it's like i could have written this myself! Holy wakkadoo! Lol! I am so glad for you. It's my 3 week sober-anniversary today and i am excited to get up past 100 days too. I did it for 4 months last year. Everything you wrote here is very accurate to my behavior too! IWNDWYT!
This may be a stupid question but why did I feel so much anxiety after benders and nights of drinking? Is there a scientific reason? My heart rate would be uncomfortably fast and my thoughts raced. All I could think about was getting another drink to calm down and the cycle continued. 
This was me all over. I'm 72 days dry. IWNDWYT
2 months here ..and i really want a drink feeling so shitty
Thank you Wakkadoo!  I will NOT drink with you!
Thank you for sharing. #4 really hit home for me. You described going through the house to "find some red wine somewhere". That was me for sure. It's really gross how we used to justify our drinking any way we could...Congrats on 113 days-- I am sure your family appreciates you.
Holy shit this is completely my story. Right down to weight and kid noticing. Keep up the good work soberganger and I will not drink with you today. 
Why do the kidneys hurt? Did you go to the doctor for the kidney ache?
Keep strong and thank you for sharing! 
&gt;Drink until I can't feel feelings...This is still my struggle. 
I'm close to your date. Congrats!
Congrats on being the father you want to be
Thank you for this. 
Number 5 is what I've noticed the most too. My friend told me the other day that when I told her I wasn't drinking anymore she thought to herself  Wait- that's an option?  
Wow this really hit home. I used to tell myself I didnt have an issue with alcohol cause I could go two days without too. Plus the people around me were drinking MUCH more so I was fine right? It's amazing the rationalizations your mind will come up with to continue to drink 
Damn the drunk you sounds like me... The hangovers are getting worse and worse I wake up feeling like death. I work days and nights and tell myself " a 12 pack of 16oz will let me sleep like a baby!" But sadly after that 12 I am still thirsty so I hit it even harder get 4-6 hours of sleep before I go to work feel like absolute shit for 12 hours tell myself this time I need to stop drinking two days later I feel fantastic and go and get another 12 pack and drink whatever is in the house when I'm done with that my girlfriend's wine whatever I can find and start the cycle again and again. Here I am halfway through a 12 pack of tall boys sort of regretting and dreading the morning or when I run out...
Great post!!!!  I identify with many things you stated.  Especially neglecting the kids to hide out quick to have a smoke and pound a beer.  Totally drinking me and totally a time waster.  Keep up the good work!!!
#4 with the high avb IPA's and the red wine hits me right in the bullseye. 'Technically it's just 4 beers.  A full pint of 12% bourbon aged imperial stout it still just one drink too right?'
Very well said.  Thank you for posting 
Thank you for this. Everything you said on here was me 100%. The point about neglecting my family really hit home. I was always there but when I was looking for an opportunity to sneak away and pound a drink how present was I really? Plus I grew physically and emotionally distant to hide my drinking. Almost 3 weeks sober and I can tell I'm already a better husband and father. 
Well done brother 
Wow magnificent post . What an asset you are to the collective SD family. A thousand thanks for the time and effort you committed to make that spectacular post available to the group
