-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3r6po/so_i_relapsed_this_past_weekend/

and I think I'm just depressed and anxious about the whole thing. I don't really want to discuss why I drank because it was a stupid moment of weakness but it's so fucking hard to get on track again. Daily tasks have turned into enormous overwhelming things. I haven't been able to eat like I should after I just restocked my fridge this weekend. Now the produce might get spoiled before I feel like cooking. I have been trying to keep up my cardio which helps. I've tried to keep social online and went out to the mall with a friend yesterday so I wouldn't have to be alone. I haven't reset my badge yet because I'm unsure when I'll be able to fully commit to sobriety again. (Also I'm not sure when the badge thing will be fixed.) I want to drink this weekend. I'm not sure if I can convince anyone to buy me alcohol since I'm kind of broke. ..It pisses me off that I had almost 11 months. I guess the bright side is that this could be a new start. And it truly does confirm alcohol isn't going to ever be an option for me no matter how hard I try to "just have a few." First I have to convince my brain that I don't need anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.
Welcome back. Don't give  up
I was at 4 months I'm at day 4 again. Every little thing takes so much more effort. Even just getting out of bed...I was finally getting a gym routine eating better and making changes in my life now I can't go 5 minutes without worrying about what I did that night...I just woke up and I'm hoping day 4 is much better than day 3 but I feel you. Stay strong don't drink this weekend it isn't worth it.
I think the reality of life as a sober alcoholic includes some slip ups along the way for many maybe even most of us. And there are two things we all have to do in those moments. The first obviously is getting back on the wagon. But the other one is just as important bc it makes the first possible. We have to learn from ourselves. The idea of not letting another relapse happen again without understanding why it happened in the first place is just too much. It's too overwhelming. The idea of trudging and muscling through every sober day of the rest of our lives is barely better than drunkenness and infinitely more difficult. You've posted before asking for support and encouragement before you relapsed. Why not this time? I'm not trying to be accusatory- just maybe this community isn't the best place for you personally to address every different kind of temptation and you need other support also. Maybe you felt shaky but thought you didn't need help. Maybe you just lost motivation to stay sober. ..Whatever it was even if all you do to address it is say- "next time I see myself get in this pattern I'll do x before I drink"- it can make getting back on the wagon a little easier. ..Or that's completely off base and ignore me completely lol. Good luck though we all know it ain't easy. Happy you're here at least. IWNDWYT
Welcome back!  I relapsed after 83.999999 days.  I'm back to 110 today.  ..It was daunting to try over again.  One of the things that told me I should was that after relapsing I started reaching out to people immediately to let them know what happened.  I see you're doing the same so I think that means a good chunk of you wants to get back to sobriety...It's hard.  I beat myself up for a good long while after my relapse.  Didn't really do me much good.  What turned out to be more important is really spending time understanding _why_ I relapsed and learning how I could avoid it going forward...For a long time after I also felt _very_ scared about relapsing again.  It's taken a long time but those feelings have mostly faded.  I'm staying vigilant but not paranoid...I'm also regularly attending recovery meetings.  I know they aren't for everyone but I've found the fellowship to be very helpful and I'm learning that I actually like people...Best of luck to you especially in these early days.  Don't hesitate to reach out.  You know where to find us!..IWNDWYT
Just take it a day at a time we don't have to convince ourselves we don't need it anymore ever just for a day. Best of wishes to you. Sometimes we need a wakeup call or spark and we sit and wait for it but it's sort of within yourself to spark it. This post shows you're willing and that's a good start. 
