-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3sjcb/day_3/

Hey Guys! Long time lurker here and finally making the plunge. I've had a few throwaway accounts over the years (including this one) but I need to post to hold myself accountable. I'm currently at the worst I've ever been for some reason the last couple of year (2018-2019) have been the worst in my drinking career. I'm just now feeling semi-normal after a 5 day bender that started with me drinking last Thursday night. I wish I could be a normal drinker but I can't. I've had a few weeks of sobriety here and there but like I said the last couple of years have been the worst. I'll go on 3-5 day benders and call in sick to work - honestly not even sure how I still have a job. I'm in severe debt I tend to not take care of myself when I go through these benders inclduing not showering not taking care of things around the house and just letting others take advantage of me -whether it be from the opposite sex or just not paying attention to where my money goes. I'm just so tired of living this life. I joined a few facebook recovery groups and have started to listen to more podcasts. The nice thing I do have going for me is my sister who struggles with drinking as well and sees how it affects our family (parents in general) so she has moments of Sobereity as well (for example; we are hanging out this weekend and playing Pokemon Go with the nephew). I've pretty much told her my fears I'm scared I'm not going to wake up one day. I have my nephew to live for and I'm tired of doing shit to my body. I think I'm finally looking at with a different perspective - honestly this weekend scared the shit out of me. Another thing is when I do tell people I think i have a problem - they say to me but you don't drink every day--but when I do it's to black out and to drink 20+ beers and 20+ shots then drunk text everyone..etc. It's just a horrible cycle and I know that I have to do it for me. Anyways just wanted to say Hi! And Thank you to everyone who posts because it definitely helps. I look forward to being an active part of this community..
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! On day 3 as well. Don't drink every day either but somehow  just a few  turns into a few days... You aren't alone and I won't drink with you today!
Welcome! I'm new here too. Day 1 today and I need to stay connected. Hope to "see" you often on here!
i used to drink everyday and i managed to shake that but i relate to binging when i drink i DRINK and blackout. i literally can't have *a* drink..i wish you well and keep posting 
