-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3wgtp/midrelapse_turn_cognitive_knowing_into_behavior/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  Do you have anyone to support you in your sobriety other than your mom?  There is a saying out there that the opposite of addiction is community.  Being connected can make a huge difference.  I have my GF and this sub to keep me connected whereas when I was alone I would get stuck in my own head and talk myself right back into the arms of booze...And some people need external motivation even though so many say that we need to do this for ourselves.  Motivation like my kids need me or I am neglecting my pets etc.  If your mom is checking out I would guess that your brother is gonna need you as you will need him.  Losing parents and taking over as head of the family is never easy even when we are at our best...Coming here was a great first step.  So many helpful and knowledgeable people hang out here.
I get it. It takes me a while of observing myself making the wrong choice to begin making the right one. Why do we do that?  The why only matters marginally and can be better determined once we begin a path toward better. Don't get lost in the why just begin stacking up accomplishments. I consider two things when I get this way:..Firstly the parable of the two wolves locked in eternal battle. One is despair failure greed and everything that causes you pain and holds you back. The other is righteousness happiness community and harmony; essentially all that is good. Which one wins? The one you feed more. I swear the path gets easier. In the words of Bojack Horseman (do NOT recommend watching this right now!!!!!!!!)  Every day it gets a little easier. But you gotta do it every day. That's the hard part. But it does get easier.   Make the wolf that wants you to succeed strong...Secondly I imagine a million universes that become a million more every day with every decision I make. In some bubble there is a me who never stopped smoking Camel Crushes who still wears Victoria's Secret sweats in public and whose car smells like Burger King and spilled Beer-itas. I don't focus on her too much but I focus on each option like a Goofus and Gallant panel: I observe an alternate reality where I have a drink I step away from that reality and continue living the reality where I am not drinking...Mental exercises and imagination help with the mental blocks that keep you from achieving what you know is right. The thing is you are a good person with a good compass. Believe in yourself. Become a person who does what's best for themselves...If you want IWNDWYT 
Wow - thank you so much - I love the visualization s and mental exercises I appreciate it!!!
