-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b3z47s/unmanageable/

Hi all -..Checking in day 7. This week has been a doozy. I woke up when I was supposed to be at work. In a panic I called out sick. It's kinda weird I thought I'd get in more trouble being late than just not being there at all. ..I had a good day. I went to a meeting and I met with my sponsor. We are working on step one...While I can fully admit I am powerless over alcohol I struggle a bit with the definition of unmanageable. On paper I have my shit together. But then I totally don't feel like I have my shit together. She suggested that I could be internally unmanageable so that's something to ponder...What does unmanageable mean to you?
----------immediate responses--------

Not sure.  You have the strength and courage to change and resist that first drink.  iwndwyt
For me it is lost friendships.  Keep it up!   It will get better.  IWNDWYT 
Have you ever:..Told other people you would do something and then not follow through?..Made promises to yourself to not drink and then did?..Misrepresented your impairment to others?..Had your emotions affected by alcohol?..Been impatient intolerant or irritated with others?  Especially during drinking or the day after drinking?..Believed or felt you weren't "good enough"?..Secretly thought you weren't living up to your potential?..Drank in secret?..
Unmanageable meant I was slowly slipping. Every aspect of life. I think some period of sobriety to provide space with alcohol can help shed light on this on a personal level but I knew before I hit my bottom. ..I was so far powerless with drinking it preoccupied my days. Outwardly career was great kids great wife happy nice home on nice city. At least from afar. For me I was at the brink when I finally sought help. I was going to lose everything and fall off a cliff. ..No one thing was  broken  but I was just a functioning alcoholic. I love that phrase used like it's not bad. Who would ever qualify functional as something even middling yet alone acceptable? Functional employee? Functional husband? Functional father? Ha! The bills were paid and that's about it. ..I was halfway through steps one and two when I walked through the door been working on three a few months and will formally take it on Saturday. I'm excited!..Keep coming back good luck!
[removed]
Unmanageable to me (thinking about this for the first time tonight) hmm. I understand how you feel because I have a lot of great things in my life and to many it seems I have it all together. ..Unmanageable though....I have put myself in risky situations when binge drinking. I have been way to open about personal things to the wrong people. I have embarrassed myself plenty. I have gotten into fights with my husband and said terrible things that I didn't mean. All while drinking wayyy too much. ..Thanks for posting this tonight. I'm completing day 5 and it's good to think about the reasons why I'm on this new path instead of romanticizing alcohol. ..Wish you the best! IWNDWYT 
