-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b46e5s/struggling/

So hey guys I've been trying to ger sober since the start of the year but never got even to a week. I always break on thursday or friday get hammered till sunday and it is destroying my life. .Im on day 5 and now my friends are talking about how they are going to smoke weed and get drunk and that all too familiar feeling of anxiety abt not drinking is kicking in again. .I'm rambling but I'm looking for some support I want to be sober but i cant stop thinking abt if I left now walked 700m id get free booze and pot as much as I want..Trying to stay strong:/
----------immediate responses--------

Hey. Sorry to hear you're struggling. Depending on how much you want to be sober you may need some space away from your friends. I wasn't strong enough at first to deal with the temptation. 
Make a list of things you can do that are constructive and productive it helps me to see the problems in my life I can fix written down and when I can cross them off it's as satisfying as drinking. Don't let your demons win you control them they just convince you otherwise you're the god of your own domain don't let your imaginary devil take your control
Those things aren't really free.  The price is misery.  For me anyhow.  Not in the moment maybe but eventually...I know it's a struggle.  Getting drunk is so easy and staying sober can be really hard but we are rewarded for staying strong...I'm not drinking tonight because I want to wake up happy tomorrow.
if you want to be a stronger person you have to make tough choices. 
Have you tried any of the books recommended frequently?  This Naked Mind was my first.  Really helps to quit when you decide that booze is poisonous and really has no redeeming qualities.
I am on day 3 and I am struggling with the anxiety of the weekend. I am so used to spending my weekends with a drink in my hand. We just have to remember what the alcoholic us looks like and remember we don't want to be that anymore! You can do it! IWNDWYT
For myself the company I keep has a very strong influence on my behaviors. Today is the start of day 5 for me. I decided 2 days ago to try to resume hobbies I enjoyed alone before drugs alcohol and "partying" began to consume my life. Some of those things are coloring drawing journaling/writing poetry and reading. ..I also did an inventory check of my "friends". Those who's company I really enjoy outside of intoxication are the only ones I've told about my choice to journey into sobriety; and they've been fully supportive and we are planning sober adventures- basic things like taking our kids to certain upcoming events in the area. I realized during my inventory process that I will ultimately be spending a lot of time without the company of others because of my choice not to drink. There's no better time than now to find the real me! Hope this helps! IWNDWYT.
As far as being around friends and an environment that feeds the party lifestyle I feel you. I'm a bartender at the same place for ten years. Nearly 70 days sober today. In the end you just have to make the choice and do it for yourself. You will or you will continue to be unhappy. 
