-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b47had/alcohol_society_and_how_i_became_an_alcoholic/

The below text is a response I posted in a thread in this sub recently. After rereading it I thought it was something I wanted to share as a post on it's own only to increase it's visibility. The reason for that is because the whole purpose of this sub is to lend support to others who have problems with alcohol and a lot of times reading things others write that you can closely identify with makes you feel less alone in your own struggles. I know there are certain things related to my drinking that I always thought were completely unique to me (hiding alcohol thinking I'm not an alcoholic because I can go 2 days without drinking manipulating people in order to drink etc..) but then I'll read someone's post in here I be sort of shocked a lot of people do the same behaviors. So here goes... ..The underlying reason I drank alcohol regularly was because it is not only normal in society it is more or less expected. When you go out to dinner you have a cocktail before or glass of wine with. When you meet up with adult friends you generally do so over drinks. Sporting events are a perfect time for everyone to have a beer or two. Football tailgates it's perfectly acceptable to have 6 or 7 just part of the experience. Weddings have open bars and cocktail hours where alcohol is basically the main focus. A day on the boat always includes a cooler of ice cold beers. So does a day spent fishing. Playing a round of golf always starts with a trip in to the clubhouse to grab a cpl brews to toss in the cart then maybe another at the turn. Finishing up with a few more at the 19th hole. Then there's good old college binge drinking a rite of passage just like in the movies...As you can see alcohol is embedded in so many every day type of activities it's pretty hard to avoid. So this is why I started drinking. As far as why I drank a lot more than is deemed  normal  that comes from a few different places...Number one was watching my father an alcoholic drink all the time. Cases of beer on a Saturday were normal throughout my life as a kid so was seeing him slur his words and stumble around. He wasn't mean but it made me uncomfortable. Then all the neighbors would be over at our house partying just as hard. That was what I thought adults did for fun. Everyone was laughing and looked to be having a good time...Next was having a group of friends who all were problem drinkers at a young age. Late teens early twenties. Everything we did after high school ended revolved around partying. Bars drinking at a friends drinking wherever.... it's what we all did. It was extremely normal. Then one day I looked around and they were all gone. One by one we lost contact but the habit of heavy drinking stayed the same for me. The solution? Drink by myself...The last was depression. I never really linked my heavy drinking to being depressed but it was definitely a reason especially in my 30s. I drank because it was the only time I felt happy. Those few hours of inebriation was the only escape I felt I had. It was the only time I laughed or felt optimistic...That's more or less it. I've been sober over 7 weeks and I feel a lot happier a real more grounded happiness. The anxiety and depression have faded not gone but off in the shadows now. I still think a lot about drinking but knowing that alcohol is a problem for me and challenging the reasons I drink has helped to stay sober for now anyways...IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Good post.  I looked around too and was the only guy drinking alone everyday.   It was a very lonely existence but one I was willing to endure far too long. ..Thanks.  
Awesome. This is me man. Almost identical. Thanks
Thanks and congrats on 7 weeks! I am truly grateful today to know that I do have a choice. One day at a time. Stay strong &amp; Sober on! Peace
As you can see alcohol is embedded in so many every day type of activities it's pretty hard to avoid...THIS is why it is so hard to stop for me. it is everywhere all the time. And I am the weird one? Let's stay sober today. Together. Peace.
My life story.  I was the last one at the party finally quit at 59.  Great job on 7 weeks stay strong and sober.  You've chosen wisely my friend.
Same here 
Thanks for posting a lot of similarities between your path and mine.  I still think about drinking sometimes but definitely not in the romantic light that it is so often portrayed.  Alcohol is **EVERYWHERE.**  You will never go a day (here in the US anyway) without seeing alcohol in a store on TV online at a restaurant.  A soccer match with a beer ad in the background.  Go for a walk and step on a broken Corona bottle (why's it always Corona?)  Old photos text messages of a new seasonal IPA that just came out or how about an empty nip in the garage when I was trying to find a tool.  It's just so ingrained in our society which makes it that much harder.  I try to remind myself when my mind starts wandering that if I had a nice cold one with dinner I would want to chase it with a pint of vodka the minute I got home and would be right back where I started again.  I swear if I had gotten addicted to crack instead at least I wouldn't have to be subjected to images of it every time I opened my eyes.  ..&amp;#x200B;..In any case keep up the good work.  
very relatable on all accounts. I've had many conversations with friends where we villainize people who have cash bar or - gasp - no alcohol at their weddings. ..in addition to the situations you mentioned let's talk about boozy brunch. it's a big thing where I live a culture even and I've spent so many weekend afternoons throwing back glasses of mimosa or champagne - mornings even for a brunch that starts at 11am (I've even done a 10am brunch!). in retrospect it seems absolutely ludicrous that that was a normal way to spend a morning; moreover it's insane that it's normalized as a TYPICAL way to spend a morning. 
Same - grew up with all our family parties centered around alcohol parents that drink/drank daily and still bond w/ my Mom over wine (we will have to find something else) drank heavily with friends and I'm the only one left still doing it. Thank you so much for sharing --- 7 weeks ago what changed for you on your day 1? I've been sober in small spurts but am having trouble finding my next (and hopefully last) day one. Lots of love thank you!.
Wow this hit home pretty hard especially the part about depression in your 30s... I lived that way as well...Now however I'm right around the same length of time sober as you are and I'm so grateful for it...Keep up the good work my unknown friend. IWNDWYT! 
i agree! i'm only 22 so i don't have as much life experience but as a university student who only spends time with other university students everything is about alcohol. celebration? have some alcohol at a bar pub or club. movie night? have a few glasses of wine. casual hangout? have some beer while watching sports or play video games. and let's not talk about all the excuses people come up with like finishing a paper finishing an exam the exam went great drink to celebrate exam went bad drink to forget about it drink because it's the weekend drink because it's only tuesday etc etc. it's exhausting. i haven't managed to quit yet for these reasons and i'm not addicted to alcohol (it just gives me anxiety and i tend to drink too much on the few occasions i do drink) but i still really want to quit completely. i used to have quite a big problem with drinking though and the only reason i have managed to cut down as much as i have is by cutting down on my social life. ..this became a mini rant but i'm just frustrated about the normalisation of drinking alcohol especially the amounts of alcohol people drink. starting to drink so much at such young ages doesn't seem good for the future. 
Great post! A lot of what you said resonated with me. I have many memories of my parents aunts uncles and their friends partying. It looked so fun and when I got the chance to do the same I took it. Drinking was also extremely normal amongst my high school friends and after high school it continued to be the main source of entertainment. I think that if I hadn't quit drinking when I did my depression would be much more severe today. IWNDWYT
\&gt;Number one was watching my father an alcoholic drink all the time. Cases of beer on a Saturday were normal throughout my life as a kid so was seeing him slur his words and stumble around. He wasn't mean but it made me uncomfortable. Then all the neighbors would be over at our house partying just as hard. That was what I thought adults did for fun. Everyone was laughing and looked to be having a good time. .."Practically every child in mainstream Western society grows up with alcohol as the forbidden fruit their parents indulge in but deny to them. This prohibition only makes drinking that much more fascinating to young people and when they get the opportunity most immediately assert their independence by doing exactly as they've been told not to: ironically they rebel by following the example society set for them. This hypocritical pattern is standard for child-rearing in this society and works to replicate a number of destructive behaviors that otherwise would be aggressively refused by new generations."..From the leaflet "Anarchy &amp; Alcohol"
