-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4gbyv/stephen_kings_sequel_to_the_the_shining_doctor/

I've never been to an AA meeting but a line supposidly from these group sessions that is in the book Doctor Sleep in part started my journey and has stuck with me; "you can't turn a pickle into a cucumber again."..Danny Torrance a fully grown and fully damaged individual fighting for a clear head after so much trauma was an unexpected reflection for myself. ..I'm reading The Shining right now and his father is also shedding light into this seemingly eternal struggle which I now own;.."Once during the drinking phase Wendy had accused him of desiring his own destruction but not possessing the necessary moral fiber to support a full-blown deathwish. So he manufactured ways in which other people could do it lopping a piece at a time off himself and their family. Could it be true? Was he afraid somewhere inside at the Overlook might be just what he needed to finish his play and generally collect up his shit and get it together? Was he blowing the whistle on himself? Please God no don't let it be that way. please."..I haven't gone into Stephens own addictions I've only heard murmurs of him overcoming but I am a fairly isolated person now that I don't drink and these profoundly insightlful raps comfort me in a way I am not alone...I will not drink with you today...All hail the king.  
----------immediate responses--------

Ugh now I'm going to have to go re read that book. :) 
I feel like a lot of Stephen king's books incorporate addiction in some way shape or form. And once I learned he had issues with alcohol himself it made a lot of sense. I think his newer writing are better and more full of hope than his old ones as well. But that may just be me. My only complaint is when he talks about alcohol abuse its drinking everyday all day kind of thing. And since my issue is binge drinking it can be a bit unrelatable. I also had to get an AA sponsor that had binge drinking issues to cover up emotional pain. Basically issues similar to mine. I had a sponsor who's issues were drinking everyday mainly to party and that didn't work so well.
He goes into his struggles a little in his nonfiction book On Writing which is a pretty good book overall...I've read a lot of King but still haven't read The Shining or Doctor Sleep. I definitely need to check them out...Thanks for posting this.
Didn't know there was a sequel!  TY!  The Stand is my favorite by King.  I believe King has battled a view addiction demons in his personal life.  Still brilliant yet out in another realm.  
I've been reading a lot of King lately as well.  The first book I read after getting sober was Needful Things.  I found it to be a great metaphor for alcohol addiction.  It was no surprise to learn it was the first book he wrote after getting clean.
That's a really good book.  Stephen King is my favorite writer.  In his book On Writing there is a lengthy section where he talks ably his alcoholism and recovery.
His book Misery is about his addiction to Cocaine -  I'm your biggest fan  but always keeping him down
Well now I gotta go get Dr Sleep! Like I don't have enough on my plate right now! Thanks OP!
You certainly are not alone. Keep going.
Hi there ! It's funny because that book made me question myself too about my alcohol consumption. King writes well about dependance as an ex addict. ..Remember to seek help and do not stay alone if you're feeling like you need a drink. The community your family and friends are with you and proud of you !..Almost 6 months sober here I won't drink with you today :) 
Duuuuude same. This was the one book that flipped a switch in my head. 
I read the Shining when I was 13 and it scared me to death. Looking back the demon l King was writing about must have been his own alcoholism. ..In Dr. Sleep it was really a touching scene when adult Danny's boss can't remember the character's name reaches out to Danny about his alcoholism telling him about his own alcoholism and letting him know it's okay to ask for help that help was available in the form of AA. It's too hard to go it alone and no one needs to do that.
The Shining taught me a lot about how a person can be their own monster. It's a really brave novel on King's part he fully owns that he tormented his family and as much as their were external factors at the end of the day he chose to be the monster. 
I agree. It made me take a hard look at myself. It is a great book. 
I love Stephen King missed this book though and now I will pick up a copy 
Thank you friend for this post..I loved "On Writing" and now I'm going to dig on my bookcase and look for this..It explain how King faced up to his inner fears and transformed  them in horror monsters...I will not drink with you today but I will read a book with you..
I love Stephen King. I am originally from Bangor Maine where he lives half the year (other half in Florida) and I now live in Brooklyn NY. I think he's an excellent role model for overcoming his addictions and a terrific writer. I will not drink today either.
For those like me who thought the tormented alcoholic mind of the writer was necessary and normal a la Hemingway and others Stephen King says: .. The idea that the creative endeavour and mind-altering substances are entwined is one of the great pop-intellectual myths of our time... Any claims that the drugs and alcohol are necessary to dull a finer sensibility are just the usual self-serving bullshit. 
Well said. Keep up the good work.
Fuck that quote hits close to home..
Great comic of Stephen King describing his addictions and success in becoming sober..&amp;#x200B;..[The Desk](https://zenpencils.com/comic/king/)
