-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4i8r4/are_drinking_dreams_a_sign_of_edging_towards/

TLDR: Got vodka for my dad didn't think it bothered me had a drinking dream should I be concerned?...I am visiting my dad in another country during a bit of a stressful time.  He mostly doesn't drink when I'm over but yesterday everything got the better of him and he needed some vodka.  I went out and bought it for him...I have no issues being around alcohol and have had maybe half a craving in the past 7 months and am perfectly happy in my sobriety.  I will admit though as I put the bottle on the counter there was a moment of "it's a real shame I can't have any of that"...Anyhow last night I dreamed that I saw the bottle was still half full  of vodka when I woke up and out of apparently deeply ingrained habit (even after half a year) I grabbed the bottle and chugged some.  It wasn't even out of craving or desire it was simply "see bottle drink".  I woke up and had the familiar "Phew just a dream" moment...Now I don't feel like I was triggered when having to handle my dad's vodka bottle but obviously it set something off in there.  Does anyone have any information on whether or not drinking dreams are a harbinger of de-wagonization?
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you had the dream bc of the fear of relapse rather than the desire to drink? It's almost like you gave yourself a little warning- it would only take a few seconds to fuck this up. ..IWNDWYT
I think it's just because those pathways in the brain are so well-worn. I'm coming up on five years and still have a drinking dream from time to time. ..I also occasionally still have a kitchen-panic dream where I'm alone in the kitchen the order wheel gets wrapped and I can't find any of the stuff I need to start the orders. I haven't worked in a restaurant in over twenty years. ;-)
In my completely unprofessional opinion I always think of dreams as our mind's way of processing the day's events or recent events.  And in that context drinking dreams make sense because I spend a lot of time here reflecting on my past drinking or helping others with theirs...My last drinking dream was after I went to a happy hour.  I didn't drink or feel tempted at all but I was around it and was reflecting on how I navigated the situation.  And then I think my mind processed that in the night.
I'm on day 80 something and have drinking dreams every few weeks. I also have dreams about all sorts of things I wouldn't do in my day to day life. I think it's just a normal part of being human and not indicative about anything larger. For instance I had a dream I played the lottery and won but I didn't run out and buy a lotto ticket after.
Drinking dreams are extremely common. However I would take it as a sign that you need to get rid of the vodka. Perhaps you should tell your father that you quit drinking.   .    .My wife keep an alcohol-free home because we don't need the mental baggage. Although we know we are not going to drink having it around the house would take up space in our minds. We enjoy not having bottles of addictive poison in the house.
God I hope not. I have drinking dreams too. You know though my brain can do whatever it wants while I'm sleeping. I'm the one in charge of the waking hours.
One common side effect of sobriety is that you start to dream again like when you were a kid. ..Your subconscious is just processing old memories.
