-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4ik7w/willfully_ignorant_family_members/

My brother like myself and many of my family members has a drinking problem. He had been sober for about 6 years and relapsed at the encouragement of his then-fianc  when they decided together that surely enough time had passed and he could drink again. Fast forward to the inevitable downward spiral her threatening to leave him etc etc...Now about a year and a half later they are married and he is drinking again. I sent her a message privately explaining my concern and telling her the whole story of our dad (who was sober for nearly 30 years relapsed and then suffered a massive stroke a few years later). ..She got VERY defensive and asked me if I ever considered the fact that she  taught him how to have a healthy relationship with alcohol.  Her ignorance is not only entirely misguided but INFURIATING. She also threw my own issues with alcohol/depression in my face and basically said given my history I should be keeping my mouth shut. (I tried to commit suicide about six months ago so needless to say the past year or so has been tough. Luckily I am supported by wonderful people in my life and am now in a much better place). ..Has anyone had any experience like this in their own families? Ignorance to the disease that boils your blood? Part of me knows I'm wasting my time by being angry (can't control either of their thoughts/actions) but it's so upsetting.
----------immediate responses--------

Your brother has to make his own choices.  I had a brother who chose alcohol over everything and there was nothing I could do about it.  Nor any of his wives.  
My brother and his girlfriend are active alcoholics too. They also abuse Xanax and other drugs. I have voiced my concerns in a calm manner but other than that there is very little I can do. It's hard to be the recently-sober older brother who wags his finger. All I can do is lead by example and show them how much better life can be without drinking poison and getting fucked up every day.    .    .You may want to try r/alanon or go to an Alanon meeting if you need support. They will tell you the same thing: it is out of your control.
Unfortunately we aren't really the best sub to offer you support. You might want to reach out to r/AlAnon. It's a group of people who love an alcoholic but do not want the other person's drinking to negatively affect their lives. Or if 12-step isn't your bag you might try r/scienceandkindness. It's another great sub for loved ones dealing with someone else's addiction issues where they focus on the [CRAFT]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_reinforcement_approach_and_family_training) method...
