-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4jpvn/just_a_glass_of_champagne/

In February I went to NYC and had a glass of champagne in a club. Then another. The buzz felt good so I followed it up with 8 gin tonics. Don't remember how I got back to my hotel room.  3 weeks later at the airport had 4 champagnes followed by 2 wines on the plane and proceeded to drive 80 miles an hour to my destination so I could get 2 more beers before closing time. Truth is had I known it was so close to last call I would have pounded more. Next day at work I felt so hungover I could barely functionbut. Managed to hide it well. Couldn't wait until 5 where I proceeded to have 7 beers and made a complete ass of myself. Went to McDonalds. Don't remember getting back to the hotelbutdo remember concierge calling to ask if I was okay. Seems the room below me heard me crash to the floor. The next day I couldn't find my rental and called police to report it stolen.They showed up and pointed it out to me right in front of my eyes. Went to work and had diarrhea. Sweats and chills. Couldn't eat and felt horrible all day.Shaking hands. Raced to the airport for 4 more beers 2 on the plane and 4 more when Uber dropped me off at a restaurant near my house. Woke up hungover and in massive pain went to work and fucked up royal making stupid bone headed mistakes and creating so much work for myself. I was disgusted ashamed nervous foggy eating like crap. I was in bed by 6pm frightened out of my mind my heart racing for almost 40 minutes thought I was having a heart attack. Read every post in SD about others who had recently relapsed ( thank you it's why I'm posting today too) My skin was itching I couldn't sleep. Wishing I were dead. Really hard on myself &amp; feeling like such a loser. I had 400 days sober and the shame was overwhelming. 3 days sober now back to eating healthyexercising forgiving myself and looking forward to the future.  I can't drink not even 1 glass of champagne.  The initial buzz draws you in; it feels warm and inviting. But the nightmare that follows is terrifying.  From now on I will read all the SD posts I have saved in a folder before taking even 1 sip. Love you guys so glad to have found this sub.
----------immediate responses--------

This sounds so much like my binges. Somehow I think I'm invincible and can dash all over the place. I know exactly the feeling of panic when you might not be able to get your fix. It becomes more important than anything. I've had strings of days where I have no idea what I did waking up with bruises a black eye twisted ankle...living in absolute fear of running into someone that id done something stupid in front of. I honestly don't know how I haven't ended up paralyzed or something. Those are the kind of nightmare scenarios that keep me up at night.....Thanks for your post 
I hear ya. Im back on the sober train myself. I take the first drink thinking I've got the mental strength to stop only to wake up having lost an entire day to blackout/ life saving sleep and an entire 5th of vodka gone from one evening of "just one drink". I know I cant drink and I do very well not drinking until that thought of Just one creeps in. Im a binge drinker and will never be anything but. This sub is wonderful IWNDWYT!
The siren song of a single glass of champagne.....Thanks for sharing and congrats on 400 days.  That can't be taken away from you and you know you're capable of staying sober you've already proven that to yourself.  Hang in there my friend.
I am on day 5 of sobriety from my last binge relapse. I can have a glass of wine. A shot a beer a glass of champagne one sip. I can be functionally for a period but not as long as I used to and I feel like trash the whole time. .I'm proud of your renewed strength. We will both do this. Sobriety is where it's at. .IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing...this takes me right back. IWNDWYT
