-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4miyt/nobody_likes_you_when_youre_23/

Today is my first birthday without any alcohol since I was 15 years old...I have tried to stop numerous times and my previous record was 47 days without alcohol. On day 48 I turned 21 and that attempt went down the toilet along with a lot of throw up bile and regret...The other time I seriously committed to abstinence was last Spring. I went and saw a mental health professional was introduced to the sober living center on my University's campus and started to attend AA meetings. It was tough as shit but very helpful. My Spring semester ended and my therapist and I made a plan to tackle my trip to Costa Rica immediately following my final exams. She told me to tell my sisters and friends I was traveling with that I would not be drinking but of course I had a beer in my hand as soon as I was at the airport...Fast forward to this week. My little sister turned 21 the midnight of St. Patrick's Day so I knew that it was going to be challenging. But I was still surprised when I got emotionally flushed being surrounded by loud and drunk people. In hindsight I probably should have gone to a bar in preparation for this because it was a fucking struggle to not go to the bar and down a beer...When we finally got home after what felt like an eternity I balled my eyes out in the bathroom. I was confused about why I was crying when I should be proud of myself for making it through the night. It's because I knew the truth. I cannot have a normal and stable relationship with alcohol. It's not possible and even though I've always thought it it didn't feel real until that night. But I had to focus on reminding myself why I am choosing not to drink...Like many others I am someone who does not see the point in having one drink. Two drinks get me going but of course there needs to be a third. After three I'm on a mission and likely won't stop until I pass out. For the past 6 years I've rationalized my drinking as tolerable because my habit hasn't interfered with my responsibilities. This turned out to be untrue. While I was still maintaining almost a perfect 4.0 and showing up for work I wasn't mentally or physically satisfied. I told myself I didn't have a problem because I was still excelling at University...I didn't see blacking out as a good enough reason to stop. I didn't see the grueling hangovers as a good enough reason to stop. I didn't see the cruel things I said to my loved ones as a good enough reason to stop. I didn't see being taken advantage of as a good enough reason to stop. I didn't see the anxiety or guilt following drinking as a good enough reason to stop. All of the consequences weren't enough to stop because the immediate release that alcohol gives me would put my mind at ease even after all of these things would happen and help me forget that they even occurred...So why am I stopping?..I am stopping because even though I could still somewhat maintain my responsibilities I want more. I don't want to just do the bare minimum and slide by. I don't want to just survive but thrive. I don't want to just count the hours until I can drink myself to sleep. I want to be someone who would blow away that scared little girl that I used to be. I want to do more. I want to help others and make a difference in my life...I owe it to myself to continue my success. I'm my own worst enemy but also my own best friend. ..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday! You have a lot of insight for someone your age and I wish you much joy and happiness. IWNDWYT 
That's a smart lesson to learn at your age. IWNDWYT!
Happy birthday to you! From someone who got sober at 21 I can tell you this best decision EVER! 
I am old enough to know that song...
Happy birthday and good on you for facing the hard things to face. There is no question we can achieve more and be happier and healthier without abusing alcohol. So many problem drinkers spend far more years (myself included) putting off this realization. It's not easy because alcohol is everywhere but you can do it! IWNDWYT 
