-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b4tyy9/new_member_looking_for_an_alternative_to_the/

Hello everyone..I'm totally new to this group and this is actually the first time I have even used reddit. I got the app just so I could join this group and give it a go..Basically I've been struggling with my sobriety for nearly 4 years. I've been sober 99 percent of that time but have had several very damaging relapses also so I am by no means cured and never will be I guess. It's currently been about 7 months since my last drink..I had been attending AA meetings but have recently stopped going because basically I'm an extremely shy individual with social anxiety and find it very hard to talk and share in front of the groups. I believe that the stress of attending meetings was doing me more harm than good..I know that I need to be doing something to address my alcoholism though it's not something I can turn my back on because the risk of another relapse is always there and I never want to face that pain again so now I am here. I hope that this community can help me stay sober and focused and that I can help other individuals with their own struggles. Just want to say a big hello to everyone here. I'm very happy to be here and to be sober for another day..David
----------immediate responses--------

SMART is a great program as well - [smartrecovery.org](https://smartrecovery.org). It has online meetings if that would help with your social anxiety.
If you're okay with AA other than the shyness issue there are online meetings available. u/son_of_dry_cycle's suggestion of SMART is a good one too; SMART is how I got underway this time around. Refuge Recovery even has phone-based meetings. ..I went through a similar difficulty in my early experiences with AA and found that I was much less likely to have to talk if I was at an "open" meeting. If you're asked to help open the meeting by reading something you can always say no. 
I liked the book refuge recovery they have meetings for it but i never went.  I liked aa until i burnt myself out on it.  Each different meeting day/place had a different feel.  Monday was a serious one saturday was a young crowd and a hilarious shitshow wednesday old ppl sunday meditation etc.
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. AA is the only one I am familiar with but it would seem like you would have the same issue with social anxiety and shyness in any type of meeting. ..I had similar issues to start. I tried to find smaller meetings. And most of my talking was individually with a sponsor. I didn't even speak for my first 8-10 meetings. I've gone through phases over the years as far as meeting attendance but I wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for AA. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
I share your social anxiety and I've been to thousands of AA meetings over the past 20 years! I have been in and out relapsing with varying lengths of success.. But I always go back because "the only requirement to AA membership is the desire to quit drinking" I found it helpful to go early or stay after and try to say hello to one person. I would go up to someone who said something in the meeting that I could relate to and then leave. Or I'd sign up to make the coffee. And I started building connections. And anyway you don't have to share at group level. Ever. If the "spirit" moves you then do it otherwise just listen. If they "call" on you then pass. It is OKAY! People would tell me I have to share. Who says?? This is MY program. Yes check out your other resources too as others have said. Just don't drink one day at a time. IWNDWYT!!
I use SD exclusively and it has become my virtual 'sponsor'.  I am a loner and do not do fellowship. Like you I am introverted and hate the stress of fitting in. I see a comment on SMART. Am not familiar with it. Will google it.
This sub is my only resource. No meetings nothing IRL social. Its what works for me. IWNDWYT 
I'm quitting with the help of individual therapy if that's an option. 
