-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5b23a/my_alcoholic_bf_needs_your_stories/

Hi all today marks the beginning of my alcoholic boyfriend's attempt at sobriety. He's got a prescription to help with withdrawal symptoms (he's physically dependent) and a week off from work...Only problem is - I thought he was serious about this. Until last night when he disclosed to me that he "won't be sober forever". He told me he plans on drinking socially given time. Why not he said. It won't end up this bad again he said. If he could control himself with alcohol why would we be here?? I said. Why bother ever quitting at all if you're still in denial and already *planning your own relapse*? I said. He doesn't see it that way. Somehow he sees it as if he gets his body straight for a little bit of time he can just jump back in and have no problem. ..You know that nasty little beast that never works out - moderation. ..I'm asking you guys for help. I know in the end he will do what he wants and no one else can stop him from drinking but maybe it will help him to read stories of how his cute little idea worked out for other alcoholics. I told him about this sub so hopefully he'll find this post.
----------immediate responses--------

I learned the hard way that moderation is a myth. The easiest drink to say no to is the first one. Alcohol changed my brain and I can't go back. I learned a lot from the book Alcohol Explained. Recovery is about working on ourselves and being happy without alcohol. Feeling deprived of it and missing it so that we are looking forward to planned relapses is not a happy way to live...I'm sending him good vibes!! There is life after alcohol :) I hope he is successful this attempt. 
Have him read some of the [hundreds of posts about moderation](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=moderation&amp;restrict_sr=on) here.....It doesn't usually go well!..Any amount of time off wishful thinking and good intentions make no difference... it's still going to be the same inherently-hard-to-moderate addictive drug interacting with the same brain......For yourself check out r/alanon......Best of luck to you both!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I had the same thought in the back of my mind when I first did a rehab program recommended by my psychiatrist. In fact the whole time I was in the program I thought I was  learning to drink responsibly  even though the counselors advocated long term sobriety. ..Well I  graduated  gave it a few weeks then slowly started working beer back in. Sure shit I was off to the races again and getting drunk before I even knew what happened. Back to beer wine hard liquor you name it.  I thought I could just have one or two  I'd say to myself the next day depressed that it hadn't happened. ..I've finally realized that I just plain can't moderate... and so it's back to sobriety now. 
Just send him to this sub and have him read "moderation".
Drinking socially is occasionally having a drink or two among friends because you enjoy the flavor of the drink. Your boyfriend drinks to get drunk and uses a social setting to justify it. ..Rather than you trying to change his behavior you need to decide if you want to be in a relationship with someone who is in love with alcohol. 
If he is chemical dependent he is by definition and alcoholic and I have yet to see one including myself causally drink for any extended period of time. I have relapsed 20 times in my life(32yo) and I may be ok for a day a week but within a month I will be detoxing by myself again while normal people go about their lives. The withdrawals don't get better either. They become extremely scary... I don't know what death feels like yet but I have an idea because of drinking. There have been several times including last night that I begged God for mercy and to take the pain away. It did not let up for 10 hrs so I broke down and tapered a little this morning and I'm praying that's the last time ever. I pace now when I'm detoxing because it hurts to sit stand or lay down. If I keep moving it's not as bad but that can get old pretty quick. It is physically and mentally the most exhausting thing I've ever dealt with. ..The worst part though is the insomnia. 
Not to be dark but everyone's bottom is different. Sounds like he's not there yet. Sobriety has to be the most important thing in a recovering alcoholic's life more than you more than kids literally the most important. Even then it still takes daily work and requires support. ..Sounds like it's not even a reality in his mind yet. I'd go to r/alanon but be warned you may not like the most likely advice. ..Good luck make sure you take care of yourself first before you help him. 
