-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5bzms/8_things_i_learned_in_the_first_2_weeks/

 ..1. Sober sleep is more restful than drunken sleep..2. Waking up without panic did I remember to hide last night's empty bottles? is a pleasantly calm way to start the day..3. Not seeing the reflection of a bloated body when I step out of the shower is remarkably liberating..4. The rhythm of the day (the light and shadows the sounds of nature the pace of work) is more enjoyable without drinking occupying 6-8 of its hours..5. A glass of wine with dinner (aka my gateway to another night of heavy drinking) is not necessary for food to taste fabulously delicious..6. Relationships are not easy but they're much easier to navigate without the alcoholic haze..7. This subreddit is one of the richest blessings in my life..8. Relapsing does not make me a failure today can be Day 1 and that's okay. (I posted items 1-7 above in October 2018 had a 4-month long relapse but am back on track.)
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! I'm kind of afraid of a crash and burn after this initial ephoria. I'm on day 9 and feeling fantastic. Had such a good night's sleep last night! I told my husband how nice it was to wake up happy and refreshed on a Monday morn! IWNDWYT!
It gets even better. I'll keep at it!
I'm on day 5 and this really helped 
All of these and so much more! Congrats on getting back on the wagon. Take it from someone who has messed up more times than I can remember: use your relapse to learn what you did wrong and how to succeed the next time around. Stay strong and keep fighting for sobriety! ..Whether it is Day 1; Day 100; or Day 10000 we all are taking it one day at a time.  ..IWNDWYT
This is amazingly true. :).
Excellent post! 
Welcome back..I will not drink with you today 
Love this. Keep it up. IWNDWYT. 
I enjoyed reading this. Thank you for sharing. Happy days for sure. 
\#4...so right on. I appreciate the hourly changes that I take time to observe in nature now. Thank you for reminding me! IWNDWYT. 
Omg the sleep is so much better. I snore so bad when I drink. And the morning anxiety! Ohh it's the worst. Also wasting away days hungover in bed when I could have made use of a full day. Iwndwyt
Yes! IWNDWYT
