-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5c10a/any_advice_when_both_spouses_are_trying_to_get/

My husband wants to get sober. I didn't really want to but I know if he's getting sober I'll have to get sober. I'm the problem the weight here and I know it and that sucks. We didn't drink over St. Patrick's Day and I saw that as an accomplishment. Tomorrow would have been our 2 weeks sober but he went and bought two handles of rum on Saturday because *I* was too depressed over the last week. He just wanted to see me "happy again" and didn't know how to make that happen without involving alcohol. I didn't stop him. I should have stopped him. I should have explained that wanting to get sober is a wonderful thing he's trying to do. In reality I was quietly gleeful that I was going to get rum in hand again...Every time I try to research about spouses getting sober it's always an article written for the spouse trying to get sober or the sober spouse trying to help the other get sober. I can't find a dang thing on both spouses being alcoholics and trying to get sober. Since we're pretty much always together other than work I don't think he can get sober if I'm not and visa versa. He means the world to me and if he wants to get sober I feel like that should be my priority as well but I'm really struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Even though we're all here for one reason setting the bottle down is so personal and different for everyone that when you quit something like this as a couple it's difficult unless you're both in the same spot. To me it sounds like you're not quite in the same spot but that doesn't mean you can't do it!..We make choices each day that stop ourselves from drinking whether it's posting here not stopping by the liquor store on the way home decline an invite to a party whatever it is there are decisions we can make sober to stop us from crossing the line. I might look at this weekend as a success for you rather than abject failure. You realized you could have stopped him and you could have talked with him rather than give in. Relationships require constant communication especially when you're doing life changing things such as working on sobriety. Talk talk talk. That's awesome you have someone that wants to see you happy that wants to acheive a similar goal use that to your advantage...I would recommend checking out books about alcohol and addiction read through the countless posts on /r/stopdrinking for advice and talk with your husband. Starting out you're going to be sad you're going to be confused your emotions will be all over the place you're working on yourself and this is to be expected!
One of the reasons I  stopped (430 Days)  was that my wife's  drinking got worse as mine did. I could  see I  was a bad influence.  She hasn't  completely  stopped  but she doesn't  drink  much anymore.  I count her drinks for her (one now) and mention it if its wine two nights in a row.  I like life sober now. I think she does  too.
My hubby and I decided together to quit drinking. We are on day 118 today. It was something that we did daily very heavily. We knew how to drink and we did it "well". If we ran out of the 12 pack we just went and got more... tall boys usually. I would sometimes get into a wine kick and drink 1500 ml a night all by myself. We had horrendous arguments in front of our kids. It was just so terribly dysfunctional in every way...Hubby had wanted to quit for awhile years actually but was waiting for me to come around to it as well. It took me a long while to realize it was high time to quit and for us to both be successful we needed to do this together. Not only for ourselves individually but for our marriage and relationship our kids and family and friends. We realized we have SO much more to look forward to and live for than be prisoner to poison...We have since been getting back to the gym and reclaiming our lives back. I've lost 16 lbs thus far since early December. Alcohol was literally killing us and our marriage. It use to be a fun thing for us and would enhance our time together but as the days and months and years rolled by we have lost so much precious time together and our kids. Passing out on the couch waking up in the middle of the night racing mind dehydrated in a constant fog depressed panic attacks anxiety... the list goes on and on...Hope this helps. I'd be happy to share more if you'd like me too. Good luck.
