-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5fs9u/second_first_day_sober_after_a_relapse_that/

I've been struggling with alcohol for the past couple years and it's gotten worse as I've added cocaine to the mix but this past weekend was my rock bottom. I'm so tired of waking up with no memory of what I did but so many embarrassing consequences. I don't want to be this person anymore. Some encouraging words would be appreciated :)
----------immediate responses--------

We are all people human being we all fall down and fall short. You are aware of the problem my friend. Don't give up even after the relapse don't let it discourage you going back to the drawing board. It is not all about the number of sober days though it is the goal but about living a fulfilling happy and healthy life contributing to your family society country and humanity pick each other up once someones fallen. Please don't fall into a spiral! We are here to support you and each other!
What brought me to recovery felt like a disaster.  Today I know it is the only way I could have gotten here.  So if you are sitting there completely crushed by your ism that is a really great place to be for a change.  Taste that shit feel those feelings smell the desperation and just think I never have to do this again.  Even if I want to I don't have to torch my life anymore!..Make a decision and do it...day 3498
I'm on day 7! I am a blackout drinker and never thought I could quit. Yet here I am. You are not alone friend. You are a great person we're all imperfect and all you have to do is get right back up and start fresh...Excuse me for my grammar as English is not my first language. 
Consider the damage the coke and booze does especially when combined and ask yourself if it's worth your life. I got sober twice in my life once after a suicide attempt and inpatient and this time by choice rational thought. partying seemed great and fun and for half of it or more I guess it was. but I wasted the best years of my life waiting on the best years of my life. nobody but another drunk would wanna be my friend and I cant imagine getting a girlfriend in that state...&amp;#x200B;..slowly you drink yourself into solitude... coke might keep you around a social circle but once the cokes gone I bet those people are too. also that shit will put you in an early grave. good luck. im a benzo addict and alchy and i am down to like 5mg valium a day about to cut that totally. i understand addiction i know it wont be easy but youre worth more than getting wasted. 
You can do this. One thing I did that might help you is to make a list of all the reasons not to drink: physically mentally financially etc. I keep it in my phone and look at it occasionally. If you do this you'll have your own encouraging words that reflect your own personal priorities.
