-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5laxg/attempting_sobriety/

Hi this is my first post here. I'm about fifteen hours into being intentionally sober after seven years of binge drinking and two years of every day drinking. I've quit before and started up again more times than I care to count. I'm trying to avoid making the same mistakes again but pretty much the same issue always rears its head: I hate being alive when I'm sober. It's like reality is a lady I took home from the bar while trashed and then in the morning she turned out to be a literal orangutan and now I have to live with her. ..I can feel everything unpleasant that I've been avoiding in both a mental and physical sense. Everything is loud and annoying everything is menacingly bright even my fancy mattress feels uncomfortable. I can barely make myself eat if I'm not a six pack in because eating grosses me out when I'm not sloshed. .. When I'm drunk I'll spend an hour or two telling people they're wonderful and beautiful and I'm so happy they're alive etc. Hours three and four are usually spent crying or getting aggressive so the emotions I feel clearly aren't all roses and kittens. The thing is while sober I feel either annoyance or indifference(mainly indifference) towards others. It sucks to feel alienated from everyone and I am essentially an emotionless robot without alcohol...I can live with things being sort of ugly and I can even deal with the blunted feelings but what always gets me drinking again is the anxiety. Every morning when I wake up I experience a non-stop barrage of angry thoughts castigating me for everything I've ever done wrong accompanied by physical sensations of fear and panic. When I can't take it anymore I usually end up jumping up and running to the corner store just because I know drinking will give me a brief vacation from all of that noise. Of course the price for feeling better is that a few hours later I end up feeling the feelings of impending doom tenfold and my thoughts have more ammunition to scream at me about so I realize the trade off isn't great. ..So: sobriety. I'd really like to quit cold turkey without doing a benzo taper but I'm really struggling with how to get through the anxiety. Any suggestions? Anything that's just like...very basic would be helpful. I'm not at a point where I'm going to be able to join a gym or go to support groups since I can barely deal with sitting on my bed without clawing my face off. Thanks.  ...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Today is day 32 or 33 for me so I am not an expert by any means but your story sounds very much like me. .There are some phone in support groups out there. Might be able to do that from home. Of course this sub is helpful. .I went in to see a counselor it has really been helping. And they helped me find a really cool meditation app. It has helped me through some really rough cravings. There are also quite a few meditation vids on youtube that might help. Sometimes just trying to clear your mind helps with the noise. .There are some great books I just finished This Naked Mind and am now working on The 4 Agreements. Reading helps me zone out too. .Hang in there. I did it and I believe in you. You can do this. 
It's a vicious cycle that just has to be broken. The anxiety is uncomfortable but it will get better. Here are some things that helped me with that:..* Greatly reducing my caffeine and limiting my sugar intake (nicotine too) All these addictions were basically like feeding miracle grow to my anxiety. It was pretty much impossible for me to quit them all at once but I really tried to be mindful and to reduce.* Making a list of things I could do when I was feeling anxious or upset (take a bath jog hike swim make a playlist etc).* Writing down thoughts I would think when certain feelings hit that would help me feel in control.* Remember that giving in would only feed the cycle and make it worse..Talking to a doctor could help if you have access to one. ..Best wishes. It really does get better. It's like learning to ride a bike. All the hard part is up front at the beginning. Hang in there...&amp;#x200B;
I suffer those same symptoms  that's why I love being drunk but it's all a lie...I suffer mild bipolar so I've always used alcohol as a medication...The real truth is...you are not your thoughts. Your thoughts are your ego your avatar your little me running around hating the very moment you exist in...You'll have to dig deep peel away all the untruth and there you are the moment itself...It's achievable you can find your true self. 3 days ago I went out into a forest and sat there craving to be drunk. Going through everything that had happened over the last 40 years of being a drunk...It took me what seemed like hours to quieten my mind but peace came for a few fleeting moments and everything seemed calm and ok...I didn't hate myself or crave or need anything...I felt so empowered I was still me but a more powerful me the best version of me...Didn't want a drink had no regret the forest was simply a realm to find that power...Of course it's more challenging to find you true nature surrounded by noise and people and your ego running lose but it's always there waiting for you to let it in...And there you are pure existence itself no need to hate or regret or panic or even drink...IWNDTWY 
I have no suggestions because I'm right there with you. I'm on my second day. The anxiety is a beast. I hope it passes soon. 
