-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5pgod/i_need_help_i_was_once_6_months_sober_and_relapsed/

I have issues like many others... I just want to stop drinking. It is destroying my life and my relationship. I've seen doctors and counselors. And they said I should be dead... from the amount I've drank. Nearly a half a gallon daily for years... it's really embarrassing. I quit for a few months and started again. Now i cant stop. I'm a cook... and I handle the stress and cook better with a buzz. I'm hopeless now. I feel like I'm falling into the hole again. I should have died from turning sober (I was having seizures for the first 48 hours and didn't eat for 5 days when I went sober) I never knew it was this harsh... but now I'm bout to lose everything in my life due to going back to the bottle... no one in my life understands.. please help.. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice 6 months is much better than I've ever done. For me the hardest part is getting past the first 72 hours. Apparently your body goes in withdrawal for about the first 3 days causing you to want to drink again and feeding the vicious cycle. If I were you I'd set small goals one day three days one week and see how you feel. good luck
I understand I've been there. It took me losing a lot and arriving at a desperate place to take drastic steps to change my life. I also can't do this alone. Connection with other alcoholics has been so important to maintain my daily resolve for sobriety. IWNDWYT.
Get some professional help if you can. Alcohol detox can be fatal. People in your life may not understand but professional help will. ..[https://alcoholtreatment.niaaa.nih.gov/](https://alcoholtreatment.niaaa.nih.gov/)
Staying sober means staying alive and staying alive means there are possibilities ahead of you. Maybe find some meetings to go to so you have someone to talk to? I also find that people who don't have this problem totally don't understand. Post here a lot and stick it out. You will climb out of this hole!
Long term sobriety consists of successful approximations. Build on them. A lapse does not need to be a relapse which does not need to lead total collapse. 
Hang it there.  Getting through the first couple days sober isn't easy but it gets so much easier as I'm sure you know since you've been down this road before.  For me going to meetings and always having a soda water within reach is how I get through the day.  Finding a recovering alcoholic to just talk to could go a long way.  Stay strong.
Definitely see a doctor and I think you would benefit from attending some in person meetings.  You said that no one in your life understands...if you go to a meeting you'll meet several new friends who absolutely understand and having that support system WILL make a huge difference in recovery...&gt; and I cook better with a buzz..No you don't. I'm pretty sure no one has ever performed any task better when buzzed. ..I used to think I was a better bartender with a buzz on but really I was just having a better time doing it. I know how pervasive the drinking culture is in service industry work and how tough it can be but you got this!..IWNDWYT. 
I was on that roller coaster for almost ten years. Doctors multiple rehabs pills counselling - none of it worked. ..Finally I went to AA (I'd tried it at first but I fought every step of the program so of course it didn't work) and this time I was too tired and beaten to fight so I just listened. Week after week meeting after meeting I began to realize that there were many people just like me and they had beaten alcohol by *working together* instead of trying to do it alone. ..Tips to make AA work: 1 - Don't sweat the God stuff. It doesn't matter. I don't believe in any God and AA helped me. 2 - If you don't like the first meeting try another. Each one has a different style. I found some too big some too small some too young etc. Went to 20 before I found my 'home' group. 3 - "Take what you need and leave the rest" - e.g. if you don't feel like praying in Step 11 don't. (I don't)  There are lots of helpful little things such as slogans e.g. One day at a time Remember when..? Keep it simple that can help you on day to day basis even if you're having trouble with parts of the program.  
I'm currently reading Allen Carr's book (on audio)  took me a while to get to it but it's really good. I like that it's the same stuff as This Naked Mind so I resonate with it well. I'm on day 1 again but the book is still helping me a lot. 
