-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b5s3js/so_issue/

I have been on a much healthier path for the past 5 months. I have had a few drinks on a handful of occasions but other then those cheat days I have been completely alcohol free. My count is 5 cheat days in the past 121 days. I am proud and my wife is proud of me too. That is all great and I plan on continuing down this path but here is my issue. ..My SO keeps taking jabs at my former self. ..I know that I was drinking way to much and I know that it was not doing anything positive for our relationship but I feel completely demoralized and defensive when she brings it up in this way. I can't help but feel like she is using my struggle as a tool to vindicate every negative feeling that she has ever had about me. It's not that she is not valid in some of this criticism but it is not as if she is bringing it up in a constructive way it is just a passing insult like "well we never did xyz because you were drunk". I don't think she "means" to hurt me but I have no response other then the one that she does not want to hear which is "I was drinking too much and that was a negative aspect of my personality but at the same time I was trying very hard to be a good father and a good husband and negative comments about me and my own self doubt are triggers for the very type of drinking that you are referring to". ..Have any of you had this from your SO and if so how did you respond and/or deal with the emotions that follow.
----------immediate responses--------

"well we never did xyz because you were drunk".."Well now I'm not so stfu"..In a nicer way of course :)   Stand up for yourself! Be kind. You can't control what comes out of her mouth. Make it game see how witty you can get in your responses. ..Also maybe do xyz now? If it's something you missed out on can you make it up now that your'e sober?.
My wife makes jabs once in a while but at the core of it she's not wrong. We made the choice to drink we caused the pain. The way I deal with it is to not internalize it and work my part in it going forward. ..No use in getting upset about 1) a fact that 2) I cannot change. I shrug it off and work to replace those memories with better behaviors and  better version of myself. ..May be worth trying out meetings or therapy. We often feel better quickly in recovery but those close to us have to recover as well. ..Good luck. 
Now that you're not that guy anymore maybe you can go to marriage counseling.  It's designed for just this kind of thing - helping you communicate better.  A therapist can help you express to her how this kind of talk is demoralizing to you and that you need her support and encouragement not constant criticism of something you don't do anymore.  A therapist can also help her express to you how insecure she might have felt when you were drinking heavily and that maybe her saying these things is meant to get across to you that she's afraid of that happening again.  Maybe she just needs you to acknowledge that and hear it so she can move on...My husband and I were at a crossroads where we were either going to try and fix it through counseling or we were going to go our separate ways.  I couldn't stay in the relationship anymore the way it was.  This wasn't related to alcohol just regular marriage problems.  I was skeptical about counseling thinking we were probably too late.  I had been asking for marriage counseling for years and he flat-out refused.  But we did it and things gradually got better...I wish you luck.  
I recently got into it with my wife on a similar topic and the fight made me want to go buy a bottle but I didn't. I asked her if she can try to forgive me for my past transgressions and she said she's trying. A lot of these things just take time. ..It depends what it is of course but the fact is that alcohol makes no situation better. It's a good reminder that alcohol can turn us into someone we don't want to be...IWNDWYT 
No one is perfect I think marriage counseling is a great idea. I also think of someone has sincerely apologized for something they did and aren't still actively doing anymore then the apology should be gracefully accepted. Drunk or not nobody deserves to have dead and buried apologized mistakes from their past forever being flung in their face it isn't healthy behavior to do that to someone either. 
There is a saying that addiction is a family disease. Loved ones absolutely should find ways to heal from what addiction has done to their lives. 
