-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b66xmm/questions_regarding_moderation_after_a_break/

Maybe this post is triggering for some so I'll just leave this note here and if you don't want to read about non-sobriety then just close the thread.  I did check the rules and it said this sub also covers controlling drinking so I think it is legit................Long story short drinking was fucking up my life and marriage so after a year of struggling I quit mostly on my own without AA or a support group.  The key was really my wife threatening to leave me.  Then I discovered I could have fun around the house without drinking and moreover I became a morning person.  After a period of a few months I was able to go through life without craving yearning constant monitoring etc.  I'd go a month or two at a time where alcohol never even entered my thoughts...That was 3 years ago.  I always missed the social aspect of drinking.  Yes I went out with friends to bars and had a coffee or an iced tea and it was fun but it's not the same.  Alcohol really does help you unwind a bit especially when you are really introverted and self-monitoring like me.  ..So with my wife's consultation and agreement I decided to set some new rules for myself.  The rules are: 2 drinks max no hard alcohol do not store in the house.  I have been able to relatively effortlessly abide by  these rules for 6 months now.  I drink maybe 1x/week.  I am sure it helps that my tolerance is super low now and 2 beers can legitimately make me feel sleepy and not yearning for more...Anyway I've read so much about "just one drop" sending you back over the edge and that's not my experience at all.  So I'm wondering if I'm playing with fire here or if others have been able to moderate after a solid break..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm wondering the exact same thing!
Okay .. So here's my take. Either I'm an alcohol "addict" or I am not. So I tested my theory at least a dozen times.... NOW I am 100% sure I'm an addict. Because in past few years of my recovery.. I have tried to "moderate" like I said at least a dozen times. Moderation worked for a couple days.. Have a beer with dinner etc. But within a month I was full blown alcoholic again with a daily 1-2 Bottles of wine + Vodka and some Whiskey as a night cap. No thanks!!!!!!! ... I am sober and happy with my decision and hope I never drink again. On the other hand if anyone can drink NORMALLY and enjoy once a week 2 beers. Then have at it.. My wife is that way. She can drink 1 beer a month. That will never work for me... 
You hear the question a lot "CAN I drink moderate?".. but in my view an equally important (perhaps more import) question it seems to me is: "Do I WANT.. to drink moderate." The answer for me is no. I drink beer to get hammered and that's what I love about it; if I can't do that?.. then I'd rather live sober. If the answer for you is "..yes I WANT to drink moderate.." then try it.. and then shall be revealed the answer to the first question. "CAN you..".. etc..
Moderation is exhausting!! It's not the forth drink that does the damage it's the first one. 
We are all different - personally I have in the past  successfully' moderated for several months but it's such hard work. If I was truthful I always wanted more - such a pressure!! and in the end it always ended in tears  
Short answer by the numbers yes you are playing with fire. By your own volition alcohol was fucking up your life and marriage what tangible benefit does it provide that you can't otherwise obtain through other means? ..I sincerely hope moderation comes easy to you but for me it's just more work and more risk than complete abstinence. The risk reward balance isn't remotely palatable. 
I don't believe one size fits all. That said I would carefully and honestly keep track of when where and how much alcohol I comsumed in a calendar in plain view. I'd look for changes and backsliding to old patterns. I'd also still take abstinence breaks...For me this is/was such a hassle and quite frankly I don't value the alcohol culture any more. It is shit to me now. Once I got here I think "What the hell was I doing? What a waste." My perspective has changed.
