-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b6b93i/i_went_out_2_mondays_ago_and_now_someone_from_the/

It is fucking with my head bigtime. I met this guy at the bar and he went and got the coke for me. We did shots of Petrone and I thought I would die. I got so so so drunk I'm even embarrassed to go to that same bar! First of all I quit drinking. I don't want to drink anymore. We do not go hand in hand. Alcohol and me have never been a good match.  But just seeing this guy's name up on my phone fucks with me and makes me want to go there. I cannot let my grown child who is living with me right now see me drunk again two weeks later after having some sober time. And I don't want to do that to myself. I drink and disrespect myself. I act inappropriate. I am still ashamed of my behavior from 2 weeks ago to go again tonight. And like I said I can't do that to my daughter. She worries about me so much. If I was on my own like I was before she moved in I might just go. Alls it takes is a little text from the wrong person and I'm off to the races again. I am already in my pajamas at 7:00 at night. I don't plan on going anywhere but to bed. I will not be led down that black alley again tonight. I will not terrorize my daughter like I did 2 weeks ago...&amp;#x200B;..I go to this meeting every day (normally but not since my relapse) and I find it hard to believe  no one has called me from there to ask if I'm alright. I hope I always notice when people aren't showing up so that I reach out to them. It makes a person feel good when others reach out. I do have my sponsor who I talk to daily and we are gonna be doing the steps again soon...&amp;#x200B;..I live in NYC but am originally from Maine. That's where my family lives. I'm going there in a few days for a couple of weeks to just kind of dry out. They all know I'm an alcoholic and I have 2 alcoholic sisters to go to meetings with. So that will be a nice escape for me. ..&amp;#x200B;..As for the phone call I still wish I could go...I always feel like I'm missing out...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

This is where a sponsor would come in handy. IWNDWYT 
I was always afraid I would be missing out until I reached a certain point in my sobriety where I realized what a prison I had been living in.  And now I realize I was missing out all those times I was at the bar.  The best parts of life happen outside of the bar.  Inside it is just waiting time.
Block the number!
I too use to have a fear of missing out by not drinking.  Then I realized two things.  First by getting blind drunk I could not recall anything that occurred while drinking so if I had no memory of  what had transpired while drinking then what was it that I was afraid of missing out on.  Second that the fear was misplaced and now I fear missing out on the things that only can be experienced while being sober.      
Really take the time to remember that feeling after you woke up the next morning from your night out. Go somewhere quiet and sit still and try to feel it again but this time use it as a source of strength. ..That rush you get driving to the bar to meet that person the drinks the drunk feeling of supposedly having a good time - all of that is not reality. ..But that gut wrenching feeling after that night out  that feeling is real and not from a mind altering substance.  But it does not have to be that way- you have options and sobriety is not only one of them but the best one. ..
