-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b6n4p0/how_it_began/

Addiction is a hell that affects most families in some way or another..Growing up in a suburban town it didn't seem like addiction would be prevalent..It was something I thought happened in bad neighborhoods or to people who did hard drugs..At 16 I did was a lot of kids do and experimented with Alcohol. Once a month or so we would find someone to get us booze. I never was really into Pot because it gave me insane panick attacks everyone told me i just had to keep trying it or that I smoked the wrong type..At 17 Things got much crazier. A high school classmate got a hold of his Grandmas Oxycontin bottle that had 100 pills or something. Now i tried it and it was fun definitely something id be addicted to if i kept going. .Since Oxy wasn't that available to me. My friend told me about this drug he tried. Triple C's which is basically cough syrup in pill form. We would go to the store and buy one pack that had 32 pills in it. He would take 16 and I would take 16. It felt like a painkiller or a mini Heroin. We did this twice. The second time in my robotic state someone brought weed. I smoked while on 16 pills. And I knew I was in trouble. I had the scariest trip of my life and honestly probably ODed I had my phone in my hand to call 911 and I couldn't hold it up. Everyone else around me was on their own adventure and I couldn't ask for help. Thats when I knew I would never try psychedelics. .So I stuck with Alcohol that was the only thing that was fun to me. And I actually cared about legality of what I was doing. Every time my friends smoked around me I was paranoid we would get pulled over..I graduated went to College. Suddenly the deaths started happening. All my classmates were dropping left and right because of Heroin. Some of them got hooked early on from the Oxy I mentioned before and then graduated to heroin when the pills weren't easy to get. .It was painful. Every Funeral I went to. Every time I worried about who was next. I never knew who was hooked or not. It was strange thinking how many of my friends had become drug addicts. I told myself that would never be me..I had many more years of drinking probably just a bit more than my friends. I prided myself  that I never vomited from it and never blacked out. Then it escalated gradually. I drank with friends every night after work. Then I lost a very lucrative job (for me) and it devastated me..I drank every day sometimes all day. Then the harsh side effects started sinking in. My stomach was always in knots. But I was 25 or so being an alcoholic just couldn't be the issue i told myself. Alcoholics to me where those 50 year old bar regulars who had beer bellies and where fun or sloppy angry people. It took a lot of messy days and nights to kinda start allowing myself to believe "hey maybe i have a problem". After my first hospital visit due to 14 days of drinking a 750 of vodka each day. I still tried to continue the lie. But the nurse saw through the bullshit and basically made me tell my mom.."im an addict? how did this happen" I thought to myself. I had made a promise to myself that I wouldn't be one of those friends that died to addiction. And low and behold here I am slowly killing myself.  .The rest of the story is boring relapse hospital sober for awhile relapse. Rinse repeat..Its not a contest on what drug is worse. For all I care maybe tobacco is the worst. .Alcohol is just so much different than everything else. Its legal its on every corner every restaurant in tv advertisements. Its ingrained in society. Most people can just have a glass of wine or beer. Some people can go a little overboard and just have a hangover from time to time. Yet when you drink to excess and stop you have monumental withdraws. And you can die. .For awhile people told me to just stop its hard to explain to someone that I HAVE to drink right now even though I dont want to I HAVE to. Alcohol and Benzos are the only two drugs you can die from when you stop. The hardest thing I found about admitting I had a problem. Was everyone telling me "ah your young I used to drink alot when I was your age. Go have fun" Or other people saying "im such an Alcoholic" when they were just out clubbing having a few drinks. I dont know how to approach it where people take me seriously. Do I need to walk each person through what its like. Blowing a .30 &amp; .23. Waiting for the liquor store to open. Vomiting pretty much every time i go on a bender stumble walking to the liquor store cause I ran out? Its a nasty disease but no one seems to see the dark side of it. .....
----------immediate responses--------

It really does not matter what others say about drinking. You know the truth about yourself and know you must make a change.  What is your plan to stop?..I stopped on my own for 90 days and then went to therapy where I had to face my addiction. Tough to addmit I had a problem. Read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace recommended here to understand how alcohol changes our brain chemistry and thought processes driving us to drink. Helped me understand the disease that is now part of my life. Started going to AA meetings in November. The fellowship and tools to change my life are keeping me in recovery. The journey is tough but so worth the better life I have now...Keep coming. This is a fight that takes a community of support. ..IWNDWYT..
It's hard to accept at times being addicted to this shit. You point out that alcohol is so ingrained in our society. It's so regular just to see it on TV sponsored by fucking sports associations and advertised in a way as to portray drinking their product will lead you to such a fun time. It's normal to see people walk into a bar everyday for a beer or whatever. Did you just accomplish something awesome? Let's have a drink. Did you have a good day? Let's drink to it. Did you have a bad day? Talk about it over a drink. Just married? A toast. Just divorced? Let's grab a bottle. There's always an excuse. It's sickening how normal it is. ..I hope the best for you and that you're able to kick this shit. Right now it seems like I need a miracle to stop me pounding beers even for a day. 
That's a great testimony on how it creeps up on people.
98 days is awsome. My sneaky little alcohol voice pops up with some story to try to flip me at odd times. Keep up the good work.
