-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b71x70/my_partner_is_moving_out/

It's been a long road and this isn't my first post here about what drinking has done to my life. I am struggling right now my partner of 4 1/2 years is moving out this weekend not quickly or efficiently mind you. We both work weekends at the same restaurant and have to be around each other the entire time...We're both mad both spiteful both disappointed in each other and ourselves. I know that alcohol played a gigantic part in how everything got so bad between us but somehow i still just want to swallow as much tequila as physically possible. I want to fast forward past monday to when it's all over. I won't but I would love any positive words to help me get there...The only way any of these negative cycles are really going to change is if I change. I am not drinking today I am not drinking this weekend I am absolutely not drinking on move out day(monday). I just wish i felt a little stronger.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. All time passes the same only difference is how we react to when we are going through hard times. Be grown-up about this don't drink and you will gain so much strength and insight from getting through this shit.
I feel like that all the time. I feel weak like I am not strong enough like I'm a loser for allowing the thought of drinking to enter my brain. I get angry frustrated and lately something else clicks in me to fight back against that incessant voice and literally scream "no way not today." When I say it out loud I feel some peace...If I may offer a suggestion...can u guys schedule times so that your both not there while the other is moving.....Thinking about you and sending positive vibes and strength your way! You got this!
I've never regretted not drinking. We can do this. Together. 
This is a really tough thing that you're going through! But you are a human being and humans are amazingly capable of handling stressful things so I know you've got this. Be strong be emotional feel loved and feel hope. IWNDWYT
I went through this exact thing before I got sober. I waited until my boyfriend had said he was finished moving out then I went back to our apartment. Not only did he not clean anything he left an entire shitty dresser that I ended up having to basically pry apart to be able to haul it to the dumpster because I knew no one where we lived that I would call to help me. He left all the cleaning to be done by me. I just sat on the floor and cried. Then I drank. It didn't help anything it only made it worse. I am not exaggerating when I say I thought I would never get over it. I was so angry and so so sad. But time heals all I *promise*. We were together seven years and I have fully moved on and we've both forgiven each other and made peace. You will get through it! Breakups are always hard but when you get through it sober you look back and are so proud of yourself. I wish I could say I did that. I wish I could say I didn't show up at the next boyfriend's door in the middle of the night drunk as hell and when he opened it and asked what I needed I just said  ...I don't know.  He dumped me the next day for obvious reasons. Had I not been drinking I could've at least taken my dignity with me but I threw all that down the drain. Good for you for not drinking and facing this with a clear mind! That is something to be VERY proud of. 
