-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b72q8m/finding_a_way_out/

Hello everyone I am a long time lurker and have been struggling for many years.  If I have flair  It is not correct.  ..I tried out-patient counseling about 6 months ago and was sober for about 3 months.  After I relapsed I stopped going to counseling and AA meetings.  My problem is I do not believe I am capable of getting sober while I continue working. My job is technical and highly stressful and the stress of work was a factor in my relapse.  Well to be fair using alcohol or drugs to cope with stress since being a teenager means that I don't know any other way...I was able to manage work while being an alcoholic but I think I've reached the point where I am unable to work or function without proper treatment.   Has anyone been in this situation?  What would you recommend.  Quit work go to rehab? Leave of absense?  I think I'd like to try an in-patient program because if one thing I learned at AA stuck is that trying the same thing but expecting different results is insanity.  Trying to quit on my own or with counselling while I still lived my usual day-to-day doesn't seem to work...I'm mostly writing to just clarify my thoughts on where to go from here. Thanks for anyone who replies.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried speaking to your employer about this? I would say put your sobriety first but I understand that there are many factors involved that you will want to consider. However you have identified that your job is a significant factor in relapse therefore it may not be a good idea to be there for a little bit while you put your well-being first? Completely your decision of course. Well done on identifying your triggers and looking to seek help with drinking. You are definitely on the right track to recovery. Hugs 
You're very brave. I'm sorry to hear about your panic attack. How was the rest of the week for you? Maybe take someone with you to speak to your manager if you need?  
It sounds like your have your priorities straight. Let us know how it goes with your manager - I'm glad that he's been kind and supportive thus far. Good luck. You're going to be okay it might take some time but you're already taking steps in the right direction :) 
I quit my job after 6 months of sobriety. I was losing my mind. .Now to be fair I had an unexpected financial windfall that Cushioned me and my family for the 7 months or so I was unemployed. .I'm 2 and a half years sober today and I absolutely don't think I would be had I not taken that time off. .If you can afford to do it even if it's tight do it. You'll be glad you did. I wish you well. 
