-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b78pvk/what_can_i_do_to_help_my_bfs_drinking/

My boyfriend(32) has had a drinking problem for a years. Since we've been together(4yrs) he's cut back and more recently has tried to stop drinking all together. Every couple months he relapses and ends up getting super emotional talks of suicide and blacking out in the end. We usually have a long conversation about it and it gets better for awhile but any stressful situation triggers a relapse. Its definitely taken a toll on our relationship as I have anxiety and has affected his health negatively. I don't know what else I can do to help him besides telling him to go to meetings and just generally being there for him. I understand it's a long process and by no means easy. But what else can I do or where else can I find help?
----------immediate responses--------

I wasn't ready until I was ready. I did lots of things that should've been "rock bottom" for me - jail violence suicide attempts you name it. Nobody could've talked me into stopping because I wasn't willing to make a change yet and I was in denial about the gravity of my situation...There are communities out there for people who are affected by a loved one's drinking. The one that immediately comes to mind is Al-Anon (which I believe has a subreddit at /r/AlAnon). They might help you stay safe and mentally healthy while you deal with your partner's alcoholism. 
Alanon is a great resource for people who have alcohol users in their life...Tried that?
r/alanon will offer you better support than you will get here. 
You could point him to this site. There are lots of resources as far as books podcasts. There are meetings such as SMART recovery AA etc. It really has to be his decision. You could buy every recovery book on Amazon but if he's not interested it isn't going to mean anything. Best wishes
Its something  that  he really is  responsible for. Theres AA and rehab but its his choice.  Hes a consenting  adult.  He can't  get better  without  stopping. 
