-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7a6f8/explaining_being_sober_to_a_date/

Hi everyone!..Last night I went on a second date with someone it went really well...BUT one thing I struggled with was explaining that I don't drink anymore. I told him that I wasn't drinking at the moment because of health reasons I guess I kind of implied that it was temporary and that I was unhappy about it...but actually I feel like stopping drinking is one of the best things I've done for myself and I never want to go back!! I'm not sure why I didn't tell him that I guess I didn't want him to judge me for my past. I'm not sure how I can tell him...has anyone else dealt with this in a better way?..Also want to take a moment to say thanks to this community! I'm almost at one year and I never would have got here without this sub you've been amazing!! Iwndwyt.
----------immediate responses--------

"Never explain yourself; your friends don't Need it and your enemies won't believe it"...Congratulations on Your Sober Progress!
Not sure of your past but mine was ruled by a judging partner so I totally understand how you might feel.  My recent experience in moving on has been about letting go of those feelings from the past and not feeling constantly judged.  If this person doesn't give you direct indicators that they aren't cool with you not drinking perhaps you're worried about a non-issue?  Moving on for me was best when I accepted others' input and stopped trying to constantly interpret it.  Hoping this is one you want and you get a third date!
I think it is weird how we have to *explain* why we don't drink. A lot of people in the world don't drink. I would just be honest. I'm going to start saying it was messing with my blood pressure (it was). But I'm old and don't have time to worry about what someone else is going to think of my decision :) Best of luck! IWNDWYT!
It's a good litmus rest. If your date makes a big deal out of your sobriety see ya later. Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Congratulations on your success in staying sober.  Don t  worry about getting  the approval  of  others.  I think  your  medical  issue excuse is actually  a honest answer.  
Just say you don't drink anymore because you don't like the way it makes you feel the next day. The hangovers and all that entails. Most people will understand that. Also if someone makes a big deal about it they are projecting their own drinking issues onto you. Most should be like "oh thats cool" and move on. 
