-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7e4os/struggling_hard_after_one_year/

I started out on March 24 last year. I had two one-day relapses in the first 110 days but have been sober since then. I initially set out to do this like dry January but for a year. In the same breath I wanted to make sure certain things - like blacking out - never happened again. I know those two things aren't really compatible. But you tell yourself lies...Anyway I reached a year and it doesn't feel like something to celebrate. I am quietly amazed that I've done it but my life is different to the many other posters on here who seem to find themselves transformed by a few months dry. There are many positives. Enough that I want to keep going. But maybe not so many that the thought of never drinking again is an acceptable price. I don't know. I suppose a year isn't really that long...I suppose if I boil it down I'm desperate to drink but without the consequences. Obviously I recognise this is impossible but it doesn't stop me wanting it. The stupid thing is when I did relapse I didn't really like it any more. I didn't hate it but I left it alone again quickly without getting hammered. It feels like something hanging over me that promises an amazing time...I'm beyond disappointed that I'm still feeling like this after a year. I feel like I'm fighting myself again and that had gone away for quite a while. It's like I need to test myself against alcohol. But I don't want to. But there's a horrible urge to do it. This is not a permanent feeling but it's been occupying more and more of my thoughts in the last few weeks...There's no danger of me drinking in the next few days. I'm with my wife I'm not leaving the flat and there's nothing here I will drink. But I feel like I've fallen right back to the bottom of the ladder.
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone has their highs and lows. Don't get down on yourself for feeling a certain way. You obviously know you don't want to drink even when the temptations are there. What would it accomplish if you were to have a drink? Would it benefit you in any way?
I get how you are feeling. I wonder if you are getting any outside support? I am not a huge AA fan but there is this idea of the "dry-drunk" (I don't like the practices of referring to alcoholics as "drunks" unnecessary shame!). Anyway the psychological things that drive us to self medicate are still there even when the booze is gone. I was sober for five years then fell (rather leapt) off the wagon. I thought I could drink "sometimes" and it worked for awhile and it was fun. But after a year or so I was right back drinking every night disengaged etc. I am now almost two months back in and I am still disengaged and I have to find out how to reintegrate myself into a healthy social situation. It's hard. But I still think that being alive beats being dead and that is exactly where alcohol was taking me. Good luck working your way through all this.
You know what highs are lows are life I think drink  used to dull that for me we have good days and bad days! I think when we give up drink we think when we are down it's got to do with not drinking it's just normal feelings that pass ! 
I had too big a lust for alcohol too which I take as a definitive sign of it being the wrong thing for me to continue drinking.  The biggest thing I  worked' on was letting go of that lust that's the part that was so transformative.  Just... letting go of that need.  That process for me entailed paying attention to and developing ways to fill my other more healthy needs instead.  One year is a goodly amount of time you are in a precious and valuable place now.  I suppose you don't feel that way but you have such a big advantage in that aspect... best wishes.  
I had a 1 year slump.  I had focused so hard on getting there that it was a bit of a downer when it past.  When that goal had past I was now facing stone cold sobriety stretching out for eternity. Life seemed a little less colorful.  The electricity of drinking would never come back. ..But here's the thing after a year. It was never like that. At least not for a very long time. In the end the banality of the routine. The unending desire and mental calculations. The inbred narcissism that engulfed me and my loved ones. That's the truth. ..It's not all sunshine and if I look at that little counter up there it seems to move so slowly. I want to rack up all those years I see under some  of those old timers let's. I somehow had thought it would make up for all the time I had lost. ..Nope. Everyday day is day 1.  Regret and rose colored navel gazing and hindsight is still the addiction. The ego rearing it's Ugly head. ..I hear you. I never thought I would drink again but I had to find the way through. I had a kombucha ate some delish pizza  kisses my wife and daughter and cleaned the house so I wouldn't ever have to go back to that chaos..It passes. Good luck!
If I  tested myself against alcohol I  would  fail. These urges are demonstration  of  the  power that  alcohol  has over us. Congratulations on staying sober.  I try to remember  why I  went on the wagon in the first place. I don't  want a repeat.  We all wish we could  be moderate but its a lie.
