-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7hvex/when_past_interests_are_a_trigger/

Hey guys! A little over 2 years sober here and it's gotten easier but I still get triggered sometimes. One of my favorite things to do for YEARS was watch (and one time I got to attend) Ultra Music Festival. It's electronic music and I love it. I love watching the livestream and just enjoying the music. However I'm struggling a bit tonight while I'm watching it as I'm finding it to be a bit triggering. I enjoyed this music so much because being out of my mind wasted and dancing to it felt GOOD to me back then. And sober? I enjoy the music but it seems to be kinda irritating me that I can't drink to it. Does anyone else have something similar and how do you cope? I thought after time this would get easier and it IS but some old habits die hard. 
----------immediate responses--------

An evening walk when my SO isn't home. Triggering. But then I go through my memories if all the worst stuff I did drunk. And suddenly the urge is gone. Took a long time for things to click for me. I spent 4 years working on trying to be sober sometimes successful sometimes not and finally things clicked. Just keep going. That's my motto. 
Totally! I'm a musician so playing in bars is still a challenge.....A lot of the time when I was getting triggered it was because I just wasn't having as much fun as before but  I realized that without the drinking I just didn't really like a lot of the music and people I was chilling with...I had a lot of trouble hanging out longer at shows...without drinking I was like fuck it I'll go home.....The good music you really like will still be good. The good people will still be good... but if it's not good enough on it's own without the booze then it's just not good enough and it's cool to bounce and do something more fun...
I used to be REALLY into edm and festivals. I had a hard time because I only had amazing and wonderful times when I went. It was my whole life and the thought of letting that go was soul crushing. Even though I had a blast it was still a form of escapism from my problems (which can be fine in some circumstances but not in my case) and trying to bottle this artificial happiness to just be okay. As much as I told myself I went for the music it became about drinking and taking drugs. I would binge hard all weekend. I still like EDM but I'm not as much of an avid fan anymore. Some of that music isn't for me but I still listen to a couple. I had to take a long break from it which was hard but I'm glad I did. I coped with it by understanding that trying to figure out sobriety and going to music festivals wasn't going to work. Today four years later I can go to shows and festivals but I had to work hard for that. 
I used to love watching UFC when I was drinking now I find I just can't anymore.
