-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7idbt/beer_isle_epiphany/

December 2017.  I knew something had to change in my life. I was drinking way too much and way too often. When I started my trip down sobriety lane my goal was to just take a year off from drinking to see where it took me.  I hit that goal about 5 months ago and decided to just keep going.  The pressure was off and I could now have a beer whenever I wanted.  Its been eye opening.  I've grown comfortable with myself.  But something happened after I Finished my year. I started getting anxious about when I was going to start drinking again. Questioning... Would it be different this time? Could I drink in moderation? Was I going to hit that rock bottom this time that I have somehow successfully avoided?  I started fantasizing about having a few drinks on vacation or just hanging out on my deck... after all...  My year was up and I never really  quit  drinking.. remember? I was just on a hiatus. So recently I've been struggling with whether or not to drink again.  After much thought... I gave myself permission to drink this week during my spring break vacation. I was insistent with myself about doing it.... Hyping myself up.... Reading articles about moderation and how it was possible.  I was convinced.... I was ready... I could always just stop again anyway...  So Friday I got out of work.. I went to the store to pick up a few things and grab beer while I was there. But I chickened out and couldn't bring myself to do it.  Maybe Tomorrow would be the day.  So today was a really nice day. One of the first nice ones this year.   I was triggered... it was the perfect day to drink on the deck... I was going to do it... ready to do it.... I WILL have a few beers tonight. As soon as I made the decision I got nervous... anxious...  I went to the store and as I strolled toward the beer isle it hit me... an Epiphany.  I didn't really WANT to do this.  I was actually trying to force myself... talking myself into it and not very convincingly.. it was actually harder to start drinking again then it was to not.  Right then I thought... well this is stupid...  And at that very moment I knew I had beaten this... a huge load lifted off my mind almost instantly.  My anxiety about drinking again... gone.  My only thought...  I actually don't want to drink/get drunk anymore.  It took me a year and a half but today I finally consider myself a non drinker... No longer on a break.. no longer on a hiatus... freedom. 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!! 
Love this!
This is awesome. Congratulations on your freedom!
Amazing! Congratulations!
Fantastic!  True freedom indeed thanks for your post. 
This gave me chills. Freedom is what it's all about so happy for you ! 
Sweet! Good for you. Great post-- thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations 
This is such an inspiring post thanks so much...&amp;#x200B;
LOVE this post!! Wonderful insight and what a fantastic way of looking at not drinking!
Beer Aisle Epiphany is a great 12-stepper band name too.
That is awesome I hope to feel that relief some day. 
IWNDWYT
Very cool..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
Dear God! I am hopeful for that! 
Nice. IWNDWYT.
Awesome!!!
I went through a similar process and was about 18 months in when I had what would have been a perfect opportunity to have a few beers. ..Except I decided not to...And that was it. I also consider myself a non-drinker.
I've had these feelings too! Thinking that you have to drink alcohol because your brain is telling you you can but your mind is completely against it. It's such a strange and difficult battle because you don't even realise you're on opposing sides somehow! 
I really really LOVE this. As I head towards one year I've been thinking the same thing. But why would I try to drink again? I hope for the rest of my life I can continue the one day at a time thing. I've really started to think about the fogginess and drugged feeling I got after a drink in a negative light lately instead of romanticising it. Good on you :)
Fuck this is such a great post. I'm so happy for you and that freedom you can openly enjoy. 
I love this. I've actually been thinking the same thing about after I hit a year yet the smell of beer and wine actually makes me gag now. I actually asked my son to pour out his two half full bottles of wine the other day because I didn't want to have to smell it. What a difference a few months make!
So happy you found an inner peace and freedom. Today I am 1 week without a drop. Last time that happened I was pregnant with 18 year old son. 
Way to go! Inspired by your post. I just don't want to feel all the anxiety that goes with drinking. Guilt too. I feel stronger today than yesterday. But still one day at a time. IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your freedom thanks for sharing!
IWNDWYT 
This is a fantastic epiphany!
Reading this is so inspiring! I also have not hit rock bottom but know I need to stop now before I do. I realize intellectually that society wants me to drink more than I actually want to drink but understanding that on a deeper level is a challenge happy to see it has been possible for you! 
I've helped myself by telling everyone I know that I don't drink so that makes it even weirder if I ever have an urge to drink because then I'll have to explain that to people too.
