-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7j6ic/wow_the_things_i_got_done_today/

I'm old 60! With a bad hip a horrible back dizziness and vertigo. Just to name a few. BUT I didn't drink for a few days and I.Did 3 loads of laundry including my bed sheets and changed my bed (I Hate that job!) laundered all my towels and clothes .Cleaned my kitchen and bathroom vacuumed and steamed and scrubbed my kitchen and bathroom floor. Whew. Big smile on my face and I know I will not have a hangover tomorrow and will wake up to clean and organized instead of sick regretful dirty and facing another .Wasted weekend. Please hang in there it's truly a daily hourly struggle and I may fall tomorrow but I hope and pray that I won't.And am extremely thankful for today 
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you man. Glad you did it. 
Excellent!
Productive and it makes you feel good. 
Thank you!! You give me hope!! Keep on keeping on!!
Good for you!!! It's so rewarding to have a nice clean house....I may just take some inspiration from you and tackle my own place tomorrow. 
PSSHHH 60 is young. Also kudos to you and well done!! :-D
My drinking has left my apartment destroyed I've only got two days so far and am slowly going through it.  Hopefully I can be as productive as you tomorrow! .
Wow! That is a lot!! Your post reminded me that my sheets are in the dryer. I gotta go make my bed because it is bed time. Good job being sober and productive :)
It felt very springlike here and it put me in full-on spring cleaning mode too! I even washed the windowsills. So much more productive than when I'd try to do my chores and then stop as soon as it was an "acceptable" hour to have a drink and start wasting my evening with that.
well done!    i didn't do as much as you but i got a truckload junk out of my garage that has been just taking up space and getting in the way of the things i want to easily get to in there.  it's part of my plan to remain sober and attack my house bit by bit and make it a nicer less cluttered cleaner place to live  
Well done mate one day at a time!
Happy for you. 
I love those days! I usually want to brag to my Mum and sister! And it'll be so good to wake up to!
