-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7oehb/unfiltered_pain/

My SO just told me she doesn't love me anymore and she's leaving for voluntary work on June...Black hole of pain  just opened and I can't imagine any scenario I won't relapse...Sorry for whining I know this isn't the right place.
----------immediate responses--------

Women are a dime a dozen. The pain you are feeling now will pass when you meet and fall in love with someone else. Hard to believe right now I know but it's true. Drinking won't help your depression it will only amplify it.
I'm sorry you are hurting right now.  You will get through this. I'm sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
This is exactly the place you can share your feelings. I'm sorry you're going this. 
I'm so sorry - I'm sure that really hurts. Drinking won't help though. I used the energy from a recent breakup as motivation to quit. I didn't want to be the person who blacked out &amp; didn't remember arguments or the person who just wanted to drink &amp; otherwise didn't do much of anything. I was a fool to even let him into my life anyway. We were married for 4 months &amp; he moved out. Haven't seen or heard from him since. He couldn't possibly have ever cared about me at all. I will not fall for someone like that again &amp; I will not be the drunk girl who is not paying attention anymore. I will not drink with you today &amp; I hope you won't either! You will be fine eventually-it will take time though. I'm so sorry you're going through this. 
I am so sorry. Please do not let your sobriety go. When the right person comes along - you want to be the best you - you can be. One day - one hour - one minute at a time. You will get through this. Let those of is here support and help. IWNDWYT
My SO recently left me and I so desperately wanted to pick up a drink to avoid feeling the pain. But the truth is that pain would see be there when I sobered up and then I would have justified another drink to turn off my feelings. I decided to deal with the break-up sober and found the healing process moving a lot quicker than expected. I allowed myself to sit and cry. I wrote down my feelings everyday. And I cried some more. I actually found it quite healing and I'm so happy I didn't pick up a drink. Some days are tougher than others but things will get better with time. I'm a fond believer of the universe and maybe that relationship wasn't for me...and maybe it was setting me up for something great. who knows? But I do know that I will stay sober today! Stay strong. 
Youre not whining this is the right place. Going through pain sober is hard it might help to hear about others. Drinking never really took away any pain from me I just had to deal with things once I got sober. Sure its wonderful to drown my sorrows but it aint worth it. Its not worth dying for. It will get better...I hope it goes well for you in this rough time we are here for you. I will not drink with you today.
This is exactly the right place. One day at a time if need be one minute at a time. IWNDWYT friend. 
