-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b7ybec/how_to_deal_with_the_absence_of_chaos/

I've been drinking tonight with the intent that this is it. I've gone through phases where I've stopped drinking for a few days and I've accomplished so many meaningful things like yoga and the gym and homemade cooking in those times. ..All good things. But it never lasts. ..My biggest struggle is the quiet. The calm. The neutral. The.. I have no fucking idea what to do with myself. I have hobbies I do jig saw puzzles and crocheting and video games and I play pool... but the quietness of it all terrifies me. When it's just me with me. ..I was used to a home with chaos and drama and now I feel as though I create my own chaos just so it isn't quiet. Even tho I'm 30 years old living by myself with my cat. How much drama can there be? Nobody affects me daily life it's now myself constantly fucking it all up. ..I want to quit drinking. How do you deal with the absence of chaos?
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe create a positive chaos. Kickboxing maybe? I love cycling which will allow you to shed alot of that energy and allow you to obsess about those things
This was what I wanted to say when I first became sober but couldn't find the right words. Absence of chaos is it. ..I made myself to do lists so that I was never bored or idle. That lasted three months and man I got stuff done that I'd been meaning to get round to for years! I needed it. After that I just found other stuff to do and didn't feel the need to fill the time. 
I know how you feel. The calm and silence and stillness is deafening. But for me it's the gym. And I don't mean oh I went to the gym. I mean go to the gym and give it all you have. Sweat through your clothes. Fatigue your mind and body as much as you possibly can. That's when you can have a feeling of peace. Your mind and body will be so fatigued and relaxed the thoughts of going to drinking seem far away. For me at least pushing myself in the gym has been a godsend. Good luck. Iwndwyt.
I went to therapy for a while (when I was still drinking) and described this fear of silence/calm to my therapist. I didn't describe it like that I described loving the fast pace the chaos and the pressure of life; filling my days with a few too many things but still completing them despite being hungover working hard and playing hard and being everywhere all the time. I felt like a pretty cool highly functioning alcoholic! I always used to say I would go skidding into my grave with a handbrake turn!!..In reply my therapist suggested that it might be not so cool to be in this crazy pattern and could it be that I was running away from something? Avoiding something?..We didn't completely fill in the gaps but I was -it's that stillness. We did some more work and I wonder if that might help you too just to address some screaming issues in the back of my head that came from a very long time ago. I am still flawed   but looking the issues in the eye and accepting they are part of me helped me to make peace with them and stop running away...Last weekend I did very little in the way of  achievements'. I had two lie-ins and felt rested. I got up read the paper with a coffee until 11am. I watched some rubbish TV. Had a long shower. Did a bit of gardening and cleared out a drawer took it to the charity bin. Helped my son revise for his Exams. Then I cooked a lovely meal with my husband favourite music on and we all ate together. Then some more TV and then bed. In the past a quiet day like this would hold fear for me!  And I would have had Sunday night angst knowing I couldn't go all out on the booze because it's a  school night' and often doing it anyway. Waking up feeling awful on a Monday. But now I feel rested and energised ready for work. ..I am describing this because I have learned to embrace the calm and when I finally let it in it was almost like tasting a piece if actual happiness. If you define happiness as being devoid of desires then embracing the calm and stillness can get you pretty close.  ..Everyone is different but I hope you can take something from my experience and find peace within yourself. It's not easy but it's worth it. YOU are worth it! ..IWNDWYT.
As outlined in the community guidelines we ask that you only post when you have not been drinking. For this reason we had to remove your post. But we'll be here tomorrow if you want to come back then...
