-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b83213/repeat_relapses_do_the_withdrawals_really_get/

I made it for 10 days and then stupidly caved because I got some family news that upset me. Then I proceeded to drink every day for 13 days straight. Last night I looked at myself in the mirror and felt so disgusted with myself. I decided that for today I won't  drink. ..Every time I have stopped (maybe 10 times varying from a couple days to couple weeks with the longest being 30 days) the worst symptoms for me have been in the first 24 hours. So now I'm halfway through have resisted that urge to drink so far and there is no turning back now. ..I'm worried that the withdrawals are going to be worse this time mainly because I get myself freaked out by reading information online about alcohol withdrawals and kindling. ..Right now it feels like it has every time I've detoxed. I have an appointment with my therapist this afternoon so I want to talk to her about it but already told my husband I might be going to the doctor or ER if I need to. ..Has anyone had experiences like this where the withdrawals feel the same each time? I know a lot of people say they get worse each time. What I do know and will confirm is that my drinking gets worse each time- not in quantity or frequency necessarily I just can't stop once I start and turn I to a person I hate. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes...You might be interested to google "Kindling Effect".
I'm not a scientist or doctor but I've found it really depends on the amount of alcohol you were drinking. If you were drinking a fifth of vodka vs. a bottle of wine a day withdrawals will be different. ..I've found tapering to be a very effective way to beat the worst of withdrawals. Buy a shitty beer you don't like. Drink a few (just enough to not be shaky dont get drunk) and drink fewer each day until you're at zero. I also keep one in the fridge the first few days just because it eases my worries about withdrawals. Knowing it's there makes me worry less and after day 4 or so I throw it out. ..That's what has worked for me in the past and though I know everyone is different keep experimenting until you find what works for you. ..No matter what we are here and IWNDWYT!
Anecdote here.. I've only dealt with sweats/shakes/anxiety myself but my SO gets seizures and he claims he can feel them coming. He has tapered himself down once by paying attention to his body and drinking some alcohol when he felt himself nearing that edge. Tapering works but doctor supervised is best. He has also done that and would just take a Valium when he felt too shaky instead of the drink. 
