-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b84584/support_understanding/

Over the weekend I found myself in a strange position. I've been sober for 153 days after a decade-long struggle with alcohol...I decided to be open and transparent with friends and family during my time of sobriety. I've actually had several people reach out asking for advice or help to get sober. However my wife voiced feeling betrayed and hurt that this was something I seemed to be hiding for the majority of our relationship...I tried my best to explain that hiding and secrecy is an ugly truth when struggling with alcoholism. She''s been very supportive of my sobriety but I don't think she knew to what extent how bad it was. Instead of feeling good about myself I'm now feeling guilty...Has anyone else dealt with a similar issue? I'm seeing a therapist and working on my sobriety every single day in the most productive and positive way. But I'm struggling in dealing with my loved ones feeling betrayed and hurt...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

My wife assumes I will drink again and I hope to never touch it. She was dealing with 1/2 my deck as I lied about my intake so often she believed I just got tired or tipsy on a small amount of beer and before that hard liquor. I hid booze as well as empties which did not go in the trash. She knows I spend a lot of time on SD and does not understand why.  I decided to keep silent about the details of recovery until some day in the future. She tells friends I am on a diet.  I just don't have it in me to tell her to go to Al Anon.  IWNDWYT
She could check out alanon or just read some at r/alanon it might help her to see what she's feeling and going through is extremely common for those who have a relationship with an alcoholic. Unfortunately alcohol is too good at causing otherwise good people to hide and lie about their struggles with it. 
Yes I think many of us have hidden the extent of our drinking. I have &amp; it cost me relationships when it surfaced. I do understand-sorting through it myself. IWNDWYT 
