-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b84lw5/one_year_sober_today_woke_up_to_a_letter_i/

"Tonight March 31st 2018 I will do my best to try to stay sober for one year. Tomorrow morning I will be attending the sunrise service at Ponto beach for easter. Collectively I have drank give or take every day an average of 6 beers a night for 2 years which leads me to now an anxious and paranoid 25 year old. I feel like I've lost myself in my beliefs and morals. I find myself thinking about my next drink and will moderate my self when I am drinking with my friends knowing that I will just catch up when I get home. Sometimes I find myself stressed out about the next morning I drink until I throw up the night before then I'll wake up the next morning in a panic and struggle the first 4 hours of the day to feel somewhat normal then to drink that night to feel "normal" again and then repeat the process the next day. I am exhausted confused and apathetic. I am newly engaged to Jessie and I love her very much and has been the best thing that has ever happened to me. Every morning I wake up full of anxiety and dehydrated with my veins sunken in and my muscles ache. Currently working as a paramedic and struggling everyday at work with slurred speech confusion and disassociation. I know these next few days will be hard especially because Jessie leaves for the next couple days to visit Jenny and I'll be at home alone. I wish to gain from this new chapter in my life is to wake up early and to be able to enjoy a cup of coffee with joy. Insomnia and anxiety are going to be a bitch the next couple of days but I am hopeful it will be all worth it. I really hope that next time I read this I will still be dry. Blake got a DUI last night after our engagement party. School (anatomy) has been getting increasingly harder to overcome due to the constant alcohol abuse. Currently watching Steve O talking about his crazy drug stories while Jessie is sleeping on my lap. Going to pound these last beers and hoping I don't wake up with panic so I can enjoy the sunrise tomorrow. Debating whether or not to drink coffee tomorrow because if it gives me anxiety I wont have an escape with alcohol to mask the fear. Good luck Sam see you in a year...March 31st 11:48pm."..Brought tears to my eyes reading this. It doesn't even feel like the same person I am today. A very scared and confused 25 year old somehow managing to withhold a job let alone a job where a simple mistake could cost someone's life. Reflecting on that makes me shake my head in disappointment of how selfish I was for letting my coworkers and patients trust that I was capable of making appropriate medical decisions when I couldn't even take care of myself. Unbelievable. Over the past couple of months I was unsure if I was going to start to open myself up to drinking again after one year however I was beginning to notice that I was increasingly being called out at work for unconscious alcoholics or people who had just had a seizure because they were in battling DT's. These people were suffering mentally and physically and would eventually confide in me telling me that they wish they could have stayed sober the first time around. I think these occurrences were a slap in the face by God telling me that would be a foolish decision I can't say for sure but I hope to never drink again. This past year has been a hell of a roller coaster ride. Those first 8 months of sobriety has been nothing but confusing wondering why my brain hasn't fixed itself yet but of course it always gets better. My life has grown exponentially over this past year I am living a life that would have never been possible if I was still drinking. No way in hell. I hope to continue a life where I am always growing in one way or another. Thank you so much SD you guys have been such an amazing contributing factor to my sobriety. I couldn't have done it without you. Love you guys and heres to full cup of coffee and another year!
----------immediate responses--------

Your post made me cry. I'm at 7.5 months and have been struggling. Thank you so much for sharing. I know I have to stick this out and the universe will reward me. Congrats on a year :) I wish you many more. 
What a great letter. Isn't it amazing looking back with a clear mind and some perspective - shaking your head in disbelief that we could ever have allowed ourselves to get to that place? You have an angel on your shoulder for protecting you when you were still drinking - anything could've happened working with patients. But I just want to say thank you for all that you do in your profession. Being able to relate to the numerous people suffering from alcohol related issues must be such a comfort to the individual in crisis at the time. It wouldn't surprise me they often get treated with disdain when in reality they probably need an understanding and patient ear... .I bet your fianc  loves the new sober you! 
What an awesome post! Thank you for sharing with the community. ..IWNDWYT
Thanks for the inspirational post!High Five!!
This is such a great email and great idea! How do I send an email to myself in the future? Is that a Gmail thing?
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
This post made me really emotional. I am really glad that it is working out for you brother. I wish you all the best in the future. Thanks for sharing your story!!!..I passed 6 months sober a couple days back and it feels really weird. I do feel a different person that I did before and many things are going in the right direction. There are many aspects of life that I still want to work on and posts like yours certainly encourage me to stay on this path as it seems that it is the absolute correct one. ..A big shout-out to SD for existing. It is comforting to realize that we are not on our own. The struggle is real but facing the struggle sober is a victory in itself already. ..IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;
This is an amazing post. Congratulations.    .    .Believe it or not things will keep getting even better...    .    .iwndwyt
This is the daily motivation I not just wanted but needed. Did you quit alone or with help from some sort of group?
Congratulations on a year  &amp; Thank you I really needed that today. The thing I keep seeing is that no matter what day we're on; Day 4 30 75 100 365 or 3000 doesn't matter-each day we don't drink is an accomplishment. If we drink instead we lose that &amp; so much more. What matters is that we are all aware of a problem &amp; are actively keeping it at bay literally one day at a time. Day 82 &amp; I will not drink with you today. I want to but I will not because I choose to go out there &amp; make a better life for myself instead of hiding behind a drink. I do have a lot now really but I aspire for so much more... If I drink NO WAY I can I even reach for my goals. Why? Because they're scary-change is always scary but I don't want to turn 50 &amp; say  I wonder where I'd be if I had tried something different . I'm going to go for it now! Im starting to put me first these days. Not a drink that diminishes me. No thank you! This sobriety thing is a challenge but it will get easier as time goes by. Thanks again for sharing the letter. .
GREAT JOB! Very special accomplishment right here! Happy Birthday  :)
Thanks for sharing your story. It gives me hope. Very happy for you buddy keep it up! 
Great news!
Happy sober circle around the sun!
Congratulations!       .What a clever thing to do.... write yourself a letter..I wish I would have done something like that to express and review the raw place of beginning. ..Great job on the 365. Its a really big and sweet deal.
