-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8kdq9/some_changes_ive_noticed_at_one_year/

Hello SD..I wanted to list a few changes I've noticed in my body mind and life at one year- I know it's a little late! I'm hoping to inspire others and have something to look back on for myself. ..1) My overall appearance has improved. My hair skin teeth are all brighter and healthier. I haven't lost much weight but I have stopped gaining for sure. I am also better at maintaining hygiene in general. Last winter I was embarrassed of my appearance. For example most of the time my hair was one big dreadlock. ..2) I am better at controlling my emotions. This one says it all. One year ago it was breakdown after breakdown I was contemplating suicide I cried constantly my anxiety was constant. My mental health is not perfect but NOT like that any more! I feel a weight off my shoulders. ..3) My work life has improved. It's easier to deal with daily struggles in the workplace. I have compliments on my work from management and I don't feel overworked. Shifts go by quicker for some reason. I don't LOVE my job but there's scarcely booze there and I don't think about it much on the job. Just over a year ago it had become normal for me to be hungover or drunk at work (for years prior as well). ..4) My relationships with pretty much everyone in my life are better. It's true I lost touch with a few people that were binge drinking buddies but I didn't really cut anyone out completely. Family relationships seem closer for the most part and my husband and I are going strong. My cat even seems to prefer the sober me; we cuddle more now   ..5) Money. Through hard work and a little luck I'm working my way out of debt. Last year I didn't care how broke I was I would always make a way to waste money on liquor and if I couldn't do that I would beg steal or borrow. It happened so gradually I didn't realize I was headed to financial ruin because of compulsive drinking. ..All of these make me feel regret occasionally but I'm repairing the damage I've done! Each regret becomes further away with time. Thank you for being a wonderful support system and for reading if you made it this far. I will not drink with you all today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Lovely to read - thank you for sharing.   
Congrats on the one year mark! I definitely feel you on all points especially 5)Money. I'm slowly digging myself out of debt too. Now I don't think too much about spending money on groceries or other items (as much) that were necessary. Before I would spend money on liquor and be like cool whatever but $20 for a weeks worth of groceries? Oh... damn that's a lot. 
Thank you for this inspiring post. It's good that your cat is pleased -- they can be SO judgmental! 
You are an inspiration. Keep going. IWNDWYT....
Well done! My cat definitely likes me more sober I've noticed he waits on the bed at night which never happened when I was drinking.
