-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8odfd/for_all_those_struggling/

Hey SD..Lots of us in here struggling whether it's just to stay sober until tomorrow or make it through lunch without drinking. .I'm coming up on a couple years pretty soon and some newcomers in my home group frequently talk about making it until this or that length of sobriety.....For those of you struggling just to make it to tomorrow and how insurmountable that seems you and I have the SAME AMOUNT OF SOBRIETY TODAY. It's about 3 pm CST so I've got around 15 hours of sobriety today. Same as you! We're all in the same boat with some similar stories and some not so similar. I work AA like my life depends on it (in my mind it does). Others work SMART others work an independent program. I encourage you whatever you work work it like nothing else matters. If I'm not sober nothing else will matter because I'll burn it straight to the ground. .Stay strong SD. I may not know you but I care about you!..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Pin this. 
Love and tolerance baby
Because I'll burn it straight to the ground &lt;  - This!
Thank you IWNDWYT 
Exactly - well said. IWNDWYT
Because I'll burn it straight to the ground.  Yep that's the drinking me all over.  100% IWNDWYT
Peace and I've to all of us who fight the good fight....thx for inspiring post!..IWNDTWY 
This is such a great thing to read. Each day is a new day and that's all we have at the moment. Not yesterday not tomorrow but today. Take each day as it's own and don't worry about tomorrow. IWNDWYT! 
damn... I feel this   .I care about you too.   .Thank you for your presence here. I needed to hear this tonight.
Keep fighting the good fight! 
We are all here for the same reason.  We want freedom from the burden of alcohol. I'm pretty proud of this amazing group of people!  Internet hugs  
I needed this today.  I think I care more about some magic number that proves something but I should focus more on the process. 
Thanks. This group has been so helpful especially to keep perspective on the one day at a time.
IWNDWYT
Love it! For this day we all share the same amount of sobriety...what a great way to look at it and encourage others!
Cool post!
Well said! Thanks!
