-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8qneo/day_1_i_need_to_post_this/

I've had so many false starts in the past. It felt like I was "quitting" every hungover morning and failing every evening. A health scare last month frightened me enough to put together a couple of weeks but I failed again and kept relapsing every few days. My girlfriend said those two weeks were the best we've had together in a long time like she finally had her boyfriend back. It breaks my heart to constantly take that away from her.  .  I am so sick of the pattern. It is so predictable. I am tired of white-knuckling it each time failing each time and using each past failure to justify the next. Something has to change.    .  So this is my change. Or at least part of it. I am going to pledge with you guys the start of every day now. I am going to read SD when I get home from work (when cravings are the worst) I am going to get back into therapy. I am going to get back on my mental health prescriptions. I am going to buy canned sparkling water and drink that whenever I am craving. I am going to look in to Antabuse to see if it is right for me.  .  The only thing keeping this from being my last Day 1 is a next drink. Thank you for reading. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this! Sounds like you are taking steps in the right direction. We are here. IWNDWYT
Brilliant! I love the ideas you have to get yourself the life you want for you and your gf. ..IWNDWYT 
Right there with you! One thing I've pledged to do as well is to come in here a couple days and encourage others the same way I'll come here and ask for encouragement when I need it from them. ..Let's do this! You rock for starting let's keep going now.
You have a great support system with this fine group.  IWNDWYT!
We got you! IWNDWYT
Ice cream is your best friend for cravings at least it is for me. Day 3 for me of many false starts. We can do this!! There is literally nothing in a bottle that you don't know about. Time for a new start and a better life! 
Thanks for your great post . I am feeling like it's day one again today but have managed to make it to to all the threes 333 days sober one day at a time. Keep going . 
We are with you I remember the feeling of constant battle every morning decided it was enough. It's much easier without it you'll see yourself. Find strong motivation within you.. Lots of support!
Good luck! Every day we don't drink we win the battle! IWNDWYT
Good luck! Every day we don't drink we win the battle! IWNDWYT
