-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8sd5j/fatherhood_first_steps_and_63_days/

I wrote a letter to my daughter about my addiction while she was still in my wife's womb. I'd never been honest with a single soul about my addiction including myself. For my baby girl I was hoping that someday I could show her what the depths of this hell were really like without dragging her through it and maybe just maybe things would be different for her. In that letter I wrote that if I quit drinking that day I would be 83 days sober when she was born. ..&amp;#x200B;..I was zero days sober when she was born...&amp;#x200B;..On her first birthday I was 26 days sober...&amp;#x200B;..I already don't count the days anymore. However I log in here every few weeks and that's when I see the badge with my number on it. I'm getting a tattoo with my own number on it and that is 01. Zero for the number of drinks I should have and one representing taking it one day at a time. I'm getting a tattoo because I want a permanent reminder of that truth in my life. When I was drinking I dreamt of the day that I could earn that tattoo. I wanted so badly to live to see day one of sobriety but I wasn't sure that I would. I swore that if I got sober and survived withdrawals then I'd never go back.  . ..The last few weeks the moderation myth has started festering in my head. I feel in control of my life so I should be able to control myself and just have one drink right? Wrong. I read here that one of the reasons that addiction is so hard is that it lies to you in your own voice. You don't relapse when you take that first drink. You relapse when you open your mind to taking that first drink. I'm closing the door permanently and moving the fuck on with my life.  . ..I have not been and will not be a perfect father. However for the first time in the 100+ years I know of my family history we have a sober generation bringing up the next. When I was a kid I wondered why alcohol was more important to my mother than I was. My kid ain't gonna have to do that because I affirm my commitment to her each and every day   ONE day at a time. One decision at a time.   . ..I will not drink with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on  63 days! That is awesome! One day at a time is all any of us can do! IWNDWYT
As a father I congratulate you on 63 days more to go and all your family will benefit from it! 
One day at a time one decision at a time. It took me awhile to get there. I like this sober life I'm building for me and for my spouse and kids. Congrats on 63 days!..I tried moderation and failed. I fully embrace that my truth is that I can have zero drinks or all of the drinks. There is no middle path for me...I will not drink with you today.
