-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8vh58/what_do_you_do_when_youre_in_a_trigger_moment/

My Alcoholic brain always seems to forget why I want to stop . I would like to do this without going to AA. What are some things you do to prevent a relapse?..I feel being bored is my biggest reason to drink. I know that may sound stupid. I'm thinking of getting into running to stop the craving.  ..I need to replace my boredom with something. 
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol creates and fills its own void.    .    .You're exactly right...finding other hobbies is *extremely* important in early recovery. Incorporating one you enjoy involving physical activity is even better. After I quit I became really interested in learning how to hunt for edible mushrooms. It's a great activity that gets me outside and involves hiking.    .    .Addiction takes up a lot of time so you may have space to fill with a few different activities. Brainstorm a list of things you've always wanted to do narrow it down. Look up some tutorial videos. Maybe find one that could make some extra money on the side...    .    .iwndwyt
AA was beneficial to me for the exact reason you are saying it was something to do.  Literally anything.  It could have been a knitting club for all I care in retrospect as long as once a day I was getting out of my house and doing something.  I'm fine socially but I prefer alone time so going on in a socially demanding setting wore me out and made me appreciate my time alone without being bored...I didn't work the steps or get a sponsor or anything but I did go to one meeting a day for 90 days just so for an hour at the meeting and 30 minutes travel/smoking before and after I was doing something.  I did also get a good amount of helpful insight from the meetings some people are dreadful to listen to share but most of them are pretty interesting.  ..That being said if you aren't willing to go I can't force you but I feel like I at least owe it to AA to try and sway peoples opinions.  It was way different than my expectations and I think nearly everyone who says they wont or don't want to go would enjoy them just like I did once they went...Other than that I taught myself to cook a bunch would play video games which I couldn't do when drunk played with my dogs I purposely didn't buy groceries in bulk so I would go to the grocery store almost every day (I live right down the street from one though).  I'm a pretty simple person though I'm easily amused.
My alcoholic brain always "forgets" why I want to stop as well that why I go to AA. That works on a longer term blanket basis but it can't be everywhere at once...I have a saying that I use in situations where I'm tempted I trained myself to associate all the negative things that happened or that I did with the saying "one is too many and one hundred is never enough." It quickly reminds me of all the bad shit countering the fake "positive" thoughts. It also reminds me that no matter what my brain is telling me "just one" is *never* an option as soon as I have just one I'll keep doubling until I blackout.
For me first was a mind shift to  I can't drink . It wasn't an option. ..Then filling all this amazing new time I had. Read a post that really affected me. It was a rant and I can never do it justice but it was ranting about how they didn't get sober to just be the same. So be different. Volunteer make new friends take yoga/meditation go the extra mile at work help a friend move be the person you can be because you don't have this addiction dragging you down. 
I changed up activities so I wasn't vulnerable during the witching hour which for me is late afternoon. Trigger moments for me could be redirected through a shower or a walk in the neighborhood. Excercise routines are a good idea. I kind of thought of boredom for me as a first world problem. There is always something that I can do either for myself or others. Best wishes to you!
Running would be great to get into.  It creates dopamine release and helps keep you in a good mood.  
I know how hard this is! The other day I saw a female I liked I talked to her then I didn't get any further with her. I couldn't stop thinking about why I didn't try abit harder to impress her so I started drinking that night to take my mind off everything so many things trigger my emotions!!
I don't think drinking out of boredom is stupid.  The old adage that idle hands do the devil's work can be very true.  When I had a whole empty weekend ahead of me it was harder to talk myself out of drinking.  What I do now is sit down and meditate which is really just to review and think on exactly why did I quit?  What are the pros and cons?  How has it been going?  Do I want to be satisfied right now or do I want to be satisfied in a week when I look back at how I spent this time?  This kind of review puts me back in focus and it also eats up some time which is good because cravings/urges tend to fade quickly once I acknowledge it and welcome its presence.
I know my triggers and prevent them from occurring. Boredom is a biggie for me too so I plan my days to make sure I'm not left with hours to fill. Running sounds great! I find it best to have many options otherwise it's easy to say "The weather's not that great so I can't go running so I might just as well drink".
Triggers definitely become less and less as time goes by and become more fleeting in my experience...&amp;#x200B;..The other day middle of the day I'm walking in a parking lot and see a car with a decal around it's license plate that had the name of the city and dealership.  That same city is also home to a local brewery whose beer I used to by in large quantities most weeks.  I immediately had the strongest urge to drink in that moment but I was able to recognize the trigger for what it was and did what I could to take away its power by distracting myself with something else and moving on.  Those pesky triggers though....
I can't recommend running enough for a multitude of reasons! It's my personal therapy of choice.
Exercise for sure. I also set a timer on my phone when I get "triggered" (I hate that word) for 20 minutes. Typically within that time frame the craving passes in my experience. ..Trail running is my new obsession and couldn't recommend it (or just road running) enough.
When I have an intense craving and my rational isn't touching it I tell myself  if I still feel this way in a week I will drink.  Of course I wake up the next day without the craving but telling myself in that moment if it persists there's an out settles my brain down. Basically it's just taking one day at a time - IWNDWYT! 
Just like in meditation acknowledge the craving but don't give it any importance. Don't fight the thought become familiar with it then refocus your attention. It will pass. Boredom was pretty big for me. Running is a perfect way to kill boredom as it eliminates idle time and is a very healthy way to release feel-good chemicals.
