-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8wbfg/how_do_i_encourage_this_person/

Long story short my cousin partied through his 20s and early 30s slipping into alcoholism along the way. He gave up drinking on his own about 2 years ago (got one of the patches that make you sick when when you drink to start with to start with) and he's kind of turned his life around through finding healthier things to get into (sports) and a new partner that he's happy with. So you know so far so  good - a success story...While he was drinking and getting into some trouble because of it I was obviously worried about him but I didn't really intervene in any hard way. Partly because I felt my personal background would actually not help - since my late teens I've been drug free by choice not necessity so I figured he wouldn't really take my advice seriously I thought he might just say something along the lines of "what do you know - you don't drink or do drugs" - granted he never actually said that so maybe this logic was not very sound but there's something to be said about advice coming from someone that's actually been through what one may be struggling with right?..He not only sounds a lot more mature and responsible now but he also makes a constant effort to stay on track and the other day when we mentioned some people we know that are drinking too much he spoke about noticing in them what he missed in his behaviour at the time. Which got me thinking - maybe he could be a therapist or councillor or social worker or someone like that. ..He has a day job he's reasonably happy in and does not have any social work qualifications - is there a valid path for him to go into the field? I'm thinking he might be able to help people and a job with a purpose like that could also strengthen his ongoing recovery? ..Any advice? - Don't be shy if there's something I'm getting fundamentally wrong on the topic.
----------immediate responses--------

Network at AA meetings.  I met a bunch of people that worked in recovery at them.  Technically you shouldnt go if you dont consider yourself an addict but you could mention that to him.
It's nice to be caring and compassionate and hope for the best in others...&gt;I'm thinking he might be able to help people and a job with a purpose like that could also strengthen his ongoing recovery?..I think it's important to understand what **he** thinks about the concept...When I let go of figuring out what everybody else should be doing I can better focus on what I should do next.
Hi. Unfortunately we aren't really the best sub to offer you advice because we are a support group for people who want to stop drinking and we generally don't allow people to post about others because we feel people need to decide what's best for themselves. If your cousin is interested in moving into the field of addiction counseling that's probably something that he should explore himself to find the right fit for his skills.
