-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b8xos9/not_such_a_functional_alcoholic_anymore/

hello everyone ..A few months ago I had to quit my job ultimately because my drinking had gotten way out of control (longer story but I will just keep to the part that is my responsibility) and I was most certainly going to get fired.  I was dating a guy and got carried away with lust and our shared taste for binge drinking which left us staying up way too late.  Having been a champion of hangovers by never calling in and going to work I repeated that pattern for a few months.  Prior to meeting him I had drank usually three times a week to an excess for the last 19 years but went to bed at a reasonable hour so I guess that is why I got away with it for as long as I did.  My tolerance is through the roof.  ..So after a few months of being unemployed looking for work and having the guy ghost me I have found another job at way way less of a salary and I am so upset with myself and having a hard time moving on...I have let my kid down and gambled with our future due to my denial with my drinking and reckless behavior all while thinking I had everything under control.  I was drinking to deal with depression anxiety loneliness fear and boredom.  I am over a month in of not drinking and two months of no excessive drinking after I more or less lost my very good job.  My depression and anxiety went through the roof as I took away my primary coping skill alcohol so it has been a real challenge to manage those feelings without dumbing them down...I have been taking antidepressants and seeing a therapist as well as working out everyday during my unemployment.  I completely own my poor choices and the subsequent consequences and am really struggling with the fact that I pretty much have to start all over in my mid forties.  I have felt guilt shame and terrible remorse.  The only positive spin I can put on this is I averted the very probable health problems I was headed toward and can now be a better parent and role model.  I am also going to talk with a college admissions advisor and see about going back to school to ultimately switch careers since I now realize some of my self destructive behavior was to manage the toxicity of my last job/field of work...I think I am posting this so that I can get support from this great community and the only thing that has helped me through this situation is hearing more positive perspectives that mine.  My perspective has been to fall into self loathing and pessimism regarding my financial future and what I see to be the destruction of my career...thank you for reading this and thanks for this sub it has been really helpful for me reading everyone's struggles and successes.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on taking your first steps on this journey. You seem to have really woken up to the reality of your drinking and are in a good position to now deal with it. Please go to meetings - they will reinforce the fact that you're not alone. This is so much easier to fight when you've got the support. Good luck 
Thanks! 
You are doing great! You're taking care of yourself and your kid. I'm super proud of you. Keep going!!!
Thank you for your kind words and support. I really appreciate it :)
I have 2 friends who were both hippy/druggies but got clean and went back to school in their 40s.  ..One became an Xray technician and the other a nurse.  Both are now working jobs they enjoy and one has bought a house while the other has had a baby and is close to buying a house...So it can be done!  Just stick to what you know works (avoiding what doesn't) and you will get there. ..IWNDWYT
The only thing that helped me move on from the regret shame and guilt that I felt was going to meetings and getting a sponsor. I felt horrible and like I was just spinning in place. Yes I was sober but my mind was still the same. Getting outside of my head and listening to others experiences helped so much. The clarity and hope I feel now is amazing. You're worth it. Go and give it and open minded listen. It's not for everyone. But boy I'm glad I gave it a shot. So glad you're here! 
I always say this but get yourself a copy of The Naked Mind.  It has really helped me change the way I look at alcohol.  It might give you some new insight too.
Totally inspirational. Thank you! 
My mom became a non-functional alcoholic when I was 14. She died because of it when I was 15...Stay off the sauce if you can. 
You haven't let anyone down. You were faced with a serious challenge and now you are dealing with that challenge and moving forward. You got this.
