-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b92mox/800_days_today/

So grateful to this sub and all of you on it.  The first year of my sobriety I spent every night reading all the stories of setbacks and triumphs.  I believe my badge counting the days really helped as well - I never wanted to reset it.  It is so motivating.  ..To those of you struggling today - there is hope.  I NEVER IN A MILLION YEARS thought I would live a happy sober life.  Not only am I the happiest I have ever been - I am also the healthiest.  I am running a 10 mile tough mudder this weekend - 2 years ago I struggled with a spin class.  ..I am a much better mother wife boss - I have more compassion and patience (I was severely lacking in those departments)  If I could bottle this feeling and sell it - I would be a billionaire. ..We all deserve to be free from this monster that literally destroys us.  I feel like a superhero with special powers - don't need alcohol to be happy.  God Bless!  #IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Over 2 years-congrats. 800 days waking up sober! I am still here reading all the stories. iwndwyt
Congratulations on 8 X  !!! I also found the daily counter extremely motivating!!! Now saying the words out loud every morning seems to be more important. I Will Not Drink Poison With You Today...IWND  WYT. 
That is awesome!!!! Congrats!!! IWNDWYT
Congratulations!!! IWNDWYT
Very inspiring! Congratulations you rock!
Awesome job taking back the reigns of your life!! Congratulations sober sista!! Inspiration indeed ..IWNDWYT  
way t'go Supergirl.. you're an inspiration.. and I dig it 
sounds good :) IWNDWYT
So wonderful! Congratulations!
Congrats 2 thumbs up !!!
Congratulations!!! Right there with you on this one.
Huge number ! Congrats !..IWNDWYT
Great stuff!
800 congrats!  I'm really happy for you.
Congratulations on 800 days of freedom. You're so right about how the badge and reading are great motivation. I also never thought I'd ever live a sober life! I can't believe I'm still here making it. Like I always say. This place is magical!  For real. 
