-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9334s/its_day_3_im_in_a_shame_spiralanyone_struggling/

Hi I've been lurking here and occasionally posting for a year and a half. I have lifelong depression and have been severely isolating myself for awhile. I feel super lonely and awkward everyday. I was dating someone recently who constantly acted annoyed and bored w me. Then they told me they just can't connect to me. It really triggered this feeling that I don't belong anywhere. It made me feel shame like I am just weird and wrong. I feel like I don't deserve to be here. I know I'm in my head. I know I have depression and this person just isn't right for me but the feeling of being wrong and outcast is overwhelming right now. ..April 1st is my new start day and I think it'd b so cool to announce I've been sober a year next April Fools. Can anyone with severe depression and loneliness issues tell me how sobriety has helped or if it does. I need to know things get better. I just feel totally unlovable today. Any kind words help! Thanks I'm struggling today!!
----------immediate responses--------

First off - congrats on 3 days! It's a solid start!..I'm sorry about your relationship it really does sound like an awful situation right now. ..I also know what it's like to feel isolated and odd. We all feel that way in degrees but you've got it pretty bad. ..I hope you know we're all odd here gassing our stories into the preverbal wind and enjoying the responses from the community. A lot of us feel our drinking is isolating too but here we are many. ..Personally I've noticed my depression get better. I hit week 5 on Monday and it hasn't been until recently that I've felt emotionally  lighter.' ..It's not some slap you in the face epiphany but a soft of  this is okay I feel content.' I feel like I've made a bit of headway in straightening my life out. ..I no longer feel like there is too many problems and too little energy. I feel like I've got just enough to do a little at a time and get better in my own time. ..Stopping drinking was just the start. I've started to care about myself. I've started to sort out my diet my finances my career. Everything. Having a clear mind is an infinite gift I've given myself. .
Thanks 
Hey so I have dealt with all of those feelings.  A couple months ago I traced the majority of my drinking problem back to my underlying anxiety and depression issues. (which drinking only makes worse).. So at that point I made the decision to address my underlying problems head on.  I went to the doctor and was prescribed some meds.  I started taking some vitamins mostly because alcoholics tend to be deficient in many (b-complex etc.)  I started practicing mindfulness with a good book called "The Mindful Way Through Depression".  I started seeing a psychologist every 2 weeks.  She recommended a great book called "Daring Greatly" by Brene Brown.  It's all about shame and the need to be vulnerable.  It has opened my eyes up a lot to dealing with shame.  ..Anyway long story short I decided to take some action and work towards solving my problems instead of numbing them with alcohol.  It's not a quick fix but I have made a lot of progress...Best of luck and IWNDWYT
I struggle mostly with social anxiety and usually drink in social situations to avoid it. Unfortunately I have no off switch and keep drinking and then I wake up the next morning feeling even more awkward because I can't remember what happened and worry about what I said or did and shame spiral ensues. I know that not drinking will be a big adjustment as I learn to accept the way I interact in groups without it and it will be really hard not to feel uncomfortable and unlikable in the meantime. ..So I guess I don't have any particular advice I'm just here to say that I relate to what you're saying and that at least I don't have to worry about alcohol interacting with my mental health and making it significantly worse. I can't handle more nights screaming at my partner or crying my eyes out and feeling completely hopeless.
I think the alcohol gives you temporary relief but compounds the problem down the track. Some relationships aren't meant to be and this person sounds like a blamer. Focus on doing things you enjoy exercise.
If alcohol was the cure for depression I would start drinking again right now.  Alcohol only makes it worse.
Omg literally the same. Same start date same thought about next years April fools. I feel awful right now I've gotten like four hours of sleep in the past two days.. my head feels funny I have chills. Basically the same situation all together. Very depressed very alone. No one even knows I'm doing this except for strangers on the internet. 
Same! I had an awful breakdown on Sunday night because I was sleep deprived for 30 hours &amp; I had two bottles of champagne to myself. I cried so hard my eyes were swollen shut the next day &amp; I took a pair of scissors and cut up my thighs. I also live alone (26 &amp; female) and since starting my new job being on my own &amp; going through breakups and a sexual assault drinking has been my comfort but after Sunday I realized I can't keep doing it. So I'm also on day 3 of no alcohol &amp; I'm really hoping I can keep going. 
It's my day three too! Also my Birthday so weird being sober on my birthday. IWNDWYT
When I stopped drinking (2004) I didn't stop having severe depression and loneliness issues. However I realized that it's much better to be depressed and lonely BUT sober. I know speaking abut this is hard and it is necessary to be clear if one wants to be helpful. I will try. The main difference is that when drinking my pain and my sadness were rooted deep inside my whole being body and soul. I may say the pain was my essence it was what defined me as a person my life. That pain was me and the whole world span around me. Alcohol deformed the world and this increased  my sadness and loneliness. It was a spiral pulling me down and down and down in dark dark dark darkness. After some weeks of sobriety I felt a sort of liveliness and joy which I believed would last forever. Not my case. One thing I know though. That sadness is not what I'm made of it's only a part of me. I can cope with it. I can say to myself "Ok not a happy day but it's not my day. It's just one of the many days of the time of the world. Billions of people are going to be happy other billions of people are going to be sad some will be desperate. A lot of people are running out of their time today. I share our time and our world with all of them. I'm just a tiny being living his tiny little pain. I can even laugh at it as if I could observe it from the ouside and see it's not worth letting it suck my whole life. Loneniless. Sometimes I feel lonely being on my own: sad. Sometimes I feel lonely being with friends or family: sad. Sometimes I'm so glad to be on my own: great!
I have been to bars and been sober. What I do is go w someone who knows I'm not drinking and we play pool or darts or pinball or go to a show. It's been fine n nice to interact w people remembering everything. I hate my anxiety n depression. I totally feel u gurl. I'm going to a meeting tonight ug aa I kno but it's a way to get out of my house n my head if only for an hour.
Yes it gets better. It seems like it takes a while but it improves quickly &amp; continues. I suffered from anxiety for many years after a month I realized it was significantly less. Hang in there. It will come. If you can go to a meeting or 2 you may find many others just like us. It's helped me so much. 
Headed to one rn
It is my current struggle but I know my alcoholism only makes it worse and not better. Always remember the progress before searching for a cure. Music is the best companion for me when I'm feeling down if I let go it can lift my mood and I hope you can find the same. You're not alone as long as you're on this reddit. We got your back. 
I appreciate everyone here
Congrats on acknowledging and taking the steps to better yourself. I too struggle with loneliness and depression but I can say it gets better and I will stay hopeful that both of us gain more happiness and clarity :) 
Yah I saw her TED  it was good :)
