-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b938dl/medical_emergencies_drunk_vs_sober/

Yesterday at work I suddenly started feeling...bad. I had three bursts of really bad diarrhea in a short time and ended up leaving work a little early. I somehow made it home before food poisoning completely overtook me. It was awful. By far one of the most painful nights of my life. Explosions from both ends at the same time. I got really cold and weak couldn't get warm; couldn't keep the tiniest sip of water down; couldn't walk more than a few feet. For the first time in my life I called 911 to get help from paramedics. They showed up...and I was normal. My blood pressure was normal. Temp normal...I'm almost three years sober now and haven't felt this terrible in so so long. My baseline now is so healthy that suddenly being put into a spot of bad health feels like the end of the world. Before I got sober I remember going to the clinic once for a throat infection. My blood pressure was so high that they thought that I was on the verge of a stroke. They asked if I was feeling dizzy and were ready to call an ambulance for me. But I felt totally normal. In fact I had been really good the night before knowing I was going to the doctor and ONLY had 8 beers! So much less than usual! I was barely hungover compared to usual! How could they think I was badly off?..The truth was my "normal" was probably pretty close to death quite a bit of the time. I always felt horrible. Doing basic stuff like walking to the grocery store down the street was always a struggle. I always kind of felt clammy and lightheaded like I was going to pass out--especially when I was hungover (which was most of the time if I wasn't drinking). ..Last night was like being thrust back into the worst of the worst of my health when I was drinking except over a matter of minutes instead of weeks months years. But I was still healthier than when I was drinking! ..Anyway the paramedics told me that they COULD take me to the hospital but that I would probably feel better puking in my own home than waiting in an ER. I stayed home and some friends came and helped me out with some stuff before leaving me to rest. Luckily the worst seems to have past. It was a horrible night but I'm not expelling fluids anymore and I'm feeling stronger and getting rehydrated...It's amazing how accustomed we become to feeling like shit 24/7 when we are drinking. Nothing FEELS like an emergency because your whole life IS an emergency. This was an excellent reminder to me about why and how I couldn't go back even if I wanted to! (I don't.)  ...&amp;#x200B;..But there was
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry you had to go through all of that. Hope you are on the mend. Yes I too often wonder how I managed to lead my life feeling horrible most days from hangovers. Ugh.  Glad that's over. Feel better.  
I got food poisoning once in Puerto Rico and I literally thought I was dying  
I got food poisoning once in Puerto Rico and I literally thought I was dying  
I got sick like that shortly after arriving in Las Vegas for a conference. It was so dry there and not being able to keep down any water was torture it was over pretty quickly less than 24 hrs. That was back when I was still drinking and a Vegas trip was an excuse to drink non-stop for a few days and I always left feeling my worst...Last week my 1 yr old son and I had the flu and it was terrible I was trying to explain to my girlfriend how after being sober almost two and a half years it was the closest I've come to feeling drunk/high/on a mind-altering substance and she didn't get it. Having an outside force take over my body and change how I felt so completely felt familiar in a really bad way. I'm not sure if that makes sense but I'm glad I was able to stay sober through it and take care of myself and my son. 
I'm so sorry! Food poisoning freaks me out more than anything else. I'm glad the worst is over and wishing a fast recovery from here on out. 
I'm having what probably is a stress headache and while it feels bad it's curiously not as puke inducing as a hangover headache. Thanks for the reminder I needed it. And I should probably dig up my painkillers that I haven't touched for AWHILE now since I haven't been hungover. (Geez I hope they're not expired!)
