-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b939nl/day_3_shame_spiral_does_anyone_struggle_with/

Hi  I've posted here and there as I've struggled to gain any long term sobriety. This week I'm completely consumed by depression. I have been kind of isolating myself and feeling disconnected from people for a long time. I was recently dating someone who acted bored and annoyed with me constantly. He just told me he can't connect to me or find things to talk about with me. I took that really hard. Not because I want that relationship but because it triggered this overwhelming shame. I feel like I must be boring and irritating. There's something wrong with me and I feel bad. I feel like I don't belong or fit anywhere. I'll never find someone and I'm unlovable. I've struggled with anxiety/depressive episodes my whole life. I've been an addict and alcoholic for twenty years. Can anyone tell me how sobriety has helped them with depression anxiety self esteem...? I know I'll still be anxious and sad sometimes if I'm sober. I just need hope that things can get better. I need to know if anyone has felt like this and if long term sobriety changed it. I have supportive family friends and a therapist. I'm gonna go to a meeting tonight but I'm just in a black hole.
----------immediate responses--------

I relate quite a bit to this. Feeling like I have nothing to contribute or talk about while realizing it's because I don't do shit other than drink was a terrible feeling. I absolutely believe as your mind is your life becomes and I realized I was stuck in a pit of negativity and depression. So I began think of every tiny thing I could be grateful for I even just thought the word grateful all the time. Getting myself in the habit of being grateful and working on getting my mind more positive and realizing all the good in my life. As I did this I began to realize more and more things I could do to improve my life and started setting little goals to accomplish each day slowly the goals become bigger and longer term. Each time one is accomplished I think of how grateful I am I was able to do it and grateful for the positivity it added to my life and my mind. It takes continuous effort but slowly it brings me to be a better person and as that happens I have more to talk about and provide to those in my life. 
There is nothing wrong with you. Do not give anyone the power to make you feel inadaquate because you are not! ..When I drank I talked less and stayed in my own little messed up world a lot of the time.  Alcohol in itself is a depressant. Congrats on day 3! Soon you will be see things in a clearer light. It takes time. Tust me it gets better. This is the first time I have quit and the longest I have ever been sober in over a decade!
Something that always pulls me out of the black hole is doing something for someone else!..Helping a neighbor....  buying the beverage for the person in line behind me....   volunteering in the community....  helping another person stay sober.......Tried any of those?
I felt this way when I first started. Part of the reason I quit is I  thought  there was nothing interesting about me or my interactions with people cause all I did was get drunk. I also isolated for a while and that's okay to help you process and be with yourself to figure out what the future holds and how you and your sobriety fit together...It does get better! It will take time! You are not alone and we are all rooting for you! Turn that shame into pride as your conquer this next stage of your life !
At the end of my drinking i felt totally unlovable i didn't care if I lived or died i felt the walls closing in and just tried to solve the problem on my own.  I had no job i pushed everyone away and just wanted to drink.  I felt ashamed but the shame didn't stop me. ..Am now almost 3 years sober.  Life is completely different.  I have self esteem loving relationships with people am well respected at my job and live simply.  Someone else mentioned doing something for others. That has been the biggest game changer for me. Simple acts of random kindness working with other alcoholics having a service commitment at a meeting those all help me to feel better about myself. ..Also in therapy  which is great. ..In short it does get better. However it's up to me to take action to do the work.  I don't struggle with depression as much i feel loved and respected and find joy in things that I lost along the way. ..Keep it up.  It gets better. Just be willing to try. 
Thanks this really helped me to feel more hopeful!
