-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b97k2e/thankful_thursday_disappointments_into_lessons/

Thankful Thursday is a weekly thread where you are welcome to share what you are thankful for today. So sobernauts what are you thankful for TODAY?.."Gratitude turns disappointment into lessons learned discoveries made alternatives explored and new plans set in motion. .  Auliq-Ice..I need this quote this week. I am struggling at my new job to feel heard to fit in and mostly to do my job well when I need more resources. It sucks and I feel stressed all the time. What I don't feel is the need to drink it away and I am hella thankful for that. I spent a lot of my career drinking away the disappointments not seeing the lessons and making the same mistakes because all my attention was focused on my addiction. Now I have the opportunity to re-frame the way I am thinking be grateful for the lessons and failures that I find on my path now. I am reminded every day that this job would never have been possible without this place. The amazing people here who help me learn lessons discover what is possible in a new sober life and help me set my life in motion every day. I appreciate all of you! Thanks for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am thankful to be alive and sober today. ..There are many things to be grateful for today. It's been a day where music has grabbed my attention in surprising ways from great songs at a restaurant surprises on the radio to a younger cousin who may be on the way to becoming a professional musician. I've completed some significant work projects with help from colleagues and praise from higher ups. Spring is here and things are greening up almost by the hour. Friends are reaching out and I am reaching out to friends--so much more connection than the isolation I drank myself into. Yeah it's been a good day. I hope you other sobernauts can find similar brightness in your day.
I was just thinking about this today!  My badge is accurate I'm very new here and I'm new to being sober for any amount of time.  ..So...with three days of sobriety  I decided to go online and pay an old speeding ticket that I'd been avoiding for about a year.  I hadn't forgotten about it I just didn't pay it.  I had more important things to drin...er..  do.  For a year.  ..Turns out my simple speeding ticket in a county three hours away had turned into a warrant.  For a year I've been driving around on a suspended license with a warrant.  It only took three days of clear sober thinking to finally make me deal with this huge thing. ..Today with five days of sobriety I found a way over to the tiny faraway town that had issued the warrant  paid a fine and the warrant was recalled.  (The fine I paid was less than a night out.)..From start to finish today even at the Courthouse I was grateful to be there.  I know that without those three days I would have eventually been arrested for that warrant.  I'm grateful because I know that without this fourth day I wouldn't have put the pieces together to be able to get across the state to take care of it.  ..I'm grateful to know that I still have the desire and the ability to take care of myself.   ..I'm grateful that I'm going to bed sober tonight and because of that I'm going to wake up with a decent chance of addressing the other problems I've been ignoring tomorrow...&amp;#x200B;..Thanks y'all. 
This last month of my semester is going to suck then I have a full summer and a full fall and one more class and I'll be a college graduate. On the eleven year plan I guess. It's in information systems though so hopefully a growing field. And I'll be debt free. And I could still go to school tuition free for a while because of veteran status for a master's degree. ..I feel like a failure for taking this long but I'm fit I don't have kids I'm not in a bad marriage and I'm healthy. This year will suck though. I just need to finish it out strong and I'll be okay.
Very well said! There is not much more that I can add other than I am extremely Grateful for having Serenity in times or places of need and support. To step back and look within for the courage wisdom and understanding to make the right decisions. And to view failure not out of anger and defeat (which me to drink) but to learn and grow into maturity. For those who are successful because of their need to control are weaker than those who failed and learned to live another day in much better condition...IWNDWYT 
Thankful for every little thing I have and every thing I am. ..Sometimes we set our eyes on a goal and forget everything around us in  pursuit of that goal. But life catches our attention sometimes and says  I'm not all about chasing goals and dreams. Sometimes I am about taking a moment to appreciate the beauty of that moment and everything that has led us to it.' We live every day. I am glad for the moments however fleeting they may be when I'm alive. IWNDWYT 
There was a time that I couldn't imagine anything good about my 'problem' with alcohol so it took me a while to be thankful about it...But alcohol forced me into therapy there was no escape anymore. And therapy was hard but so worth it. .In the safe space my therapist offered me I learned to truly feel again after years and years of detaching from them starting in my earliest childhood. .And in the relationship with her I learned about connection. Having had an unsafe connection with my primary caregiver that was something really new for me. .For both things - feeling my feelings and learning how to connect - I am endlessly grateful for..It thought me life. 
I am disappointed with my short temper but maybe I should be grateful it is indicating that day to day things are too frustrating and working to make my life more streamlined / organized. IWNDWYT.
Hey Gabby! I still struggle with gratitude over disappointments; it often seems forced and on a level of wisdom that I haven t yet reached. I still want to run away and certainly from *possible* disappointments. But I am getting better at handling it and I am thankful that life has put me in a position where I some days can drink my coffee by the window watching the sunrise in stead of running off to a whirlwind of a job that never stops never pauses never asks what *I* need. So here I am listening to the silence in the house knowing that my kids are alright and that my wonderful patient and supportive wife will soon be home and that my new job waits for me when I m ready and I am indeed grateful.
I'm thankful for making it to 80 days today. 
8 months in and just started to have random cravings. I'm continuing to take it one day at a time but I get anxious thinking about a music festival I'm attending in a month and saying no then. Any tips for not drinking alcohol at a music festival?
I am thankful for my supportive friends and family for helping me through a rough patch career wise. I'm thankful for my education and the doors it will open. I'm thankful for my will power as today will be day four without a drink.
Thank you for this thread and that quote. Today I'm 2 for 2 on early morning pre-coffee workouts and starting day 10 no drinking. ..I was angry at alcohol yesterday. I swear it is like a bad breakup all the stages none of them submerged in liquor. ..Thankful to feel so f-in good this morning that depression and anger can go f themselves. They're just annoying and thankfully today I'm just over it...Onward and upward!
I won't drink today!
Oh 100% it felt like a break up to me as well. It's like anger feeling over it a revenge makeover montage and then I had a GIANT ... well what if we got back together moment (or 5). Just gotta take it one day at a time and ditch that bottle for something better &lt;3
I absolutely resonate with this wholeheartedly...It's likely that you are doing far better than you think you are in the workplace (my therapist keeps telling me this)  ...I took struggle being heard on a team I've been on for 3 years but now sober I'm seeing small tides change - maybe it's more in myself and as I'm seeing it in myself people are reacting differently to me...  .Thank you for sharing this struggle with us. You aren't alone.
I too am struggling terribly with a new job. I just don't know what to do. 
I'm thankful that I don't have anything too pressing to do today...I'm thankful that I don't have to work today...I'm thankful that my rent for April is paid for.  ..I'm thankful that my senior dog is asleep and snoring...I'm thankful that my puppy isn't doing her puppy things (whinning barking obnoxiously chewing on her bone...).
I'm thankful for the nice weather outside an air conditioner that works and a roof that doesn't leak when it rains.
I will always be incredibly grateful and thankful for my family  a few friends and my girlfriend.  Drinking sent me to the psych ward twice and the hospital on a few occasions. Everytime I'd wake up in the hospital my mom  dad and girlfriend were always there.  They supported me when I was going through hell and they were on the receiving end of my rage and pain.  I'll never understand it but I'm not going to spend time wondering why they stuck by.  Instead I'll use that time to be thankful towards them and hopefully one day get their back when they need me like they were there for me. 
I am grateful for my body image...At my heaviest I am now more accepting of my body than I ever have been. What good is being 18% body fat (as a woman) if you still can't appreciate yourself. For this I am so grateful!
&gt; Now I have the opportunity to re-frame the way I am thinking be grateful for the lessons and failures that I find on my path now...I want this very badly right now and I see the logic in it.  I'm still struggling here.  Last night wasn't fun.  When will I learn?  
This is a good one thanks for the words about turning disappointment into gratitude for what's been learned and explored.  I'm struggling with disappointment in myself for taking so long to change careers.  But I still have opportunities and I am taking steps to make change.  Today I had a moment of appreciation for the frost on my car window - the ice crystals were so beautiful striking that they brought me out of my morning reverie.  And today I am thankful for the friends and family members that reach out and connect with me and send me love.  Just got a sweet care package from my mama wishing me a happy Spring and that made my day!
I'm a member of American suicide's key demographics (white middle-aged) and we found out that another friend had taken his life two nights ago. It's hard for my husband as they were in a band together for almost a decade and he'd hidden him from social media because this guy would post photos of roadkill and drug use incessantly. The guy never struck either of us as depressed or unhappy though. Just a dude living in the chaos of missed opportunities and self-sabotage that was difficult to watch. ..I'm thankful to have bumped into a mutual friend of ours at a lunchtime farmer's market just now so that we could chat and put this loss into some context. I was able to hug him and he gave me a pound of fresh strawberries. It's a beautiful day and my husband works in the building next to mine so he was sitting outside and I also kissed and hugged him. I'm grateful for human contact and the knowledge that even great losses can be made easier when they're shared.
I miss my mom so much. She has alzheimer's and her body is here but she's most certainly gone.  I'm so thankful for all she taught me though.  I can still hear her say "Dammit you've got to be kind!"..&amp;#x200B;
Passing on lessons learned is an amazing way to spend a lifetime! Your daughter will be grateful! 
I had recently been getting occasional heart palpitations and I discovered that caffeine is likely the cause (I stopped all caffeine increased magnesium and have had no more palpitations). ..So I had to give up caffeine altogether which was disappointing but I've discovered that even though I was only doing it in small amounts I definitely feel calmer and less agitated now which I am thankful for.
I am so so so grateful for the gift of life that being sober has given me. ..The last 7 months (pre- and post-quitting) have been a rollercoaster of emotions and have led to me finally being honest about my relationship with my husband. ..Whatever happens I know that being sober has given me the ability to face the reality of life with clarity vulnerability honesty and without shame. ..Bring it  
I m so thankful that there are so many healthy and/or yummy alternatives to alcohol! 
That is a great quote. My disappointment in not getting one of the jobs I really wanted last week definitely taught me some lessons and put plans in motion. I'm thankful that I got great feedback from the person in charge of the department...Settling into a new job is rough. Good job for working hard at it. I hope the support improves. 
I am thankful that I came home from vacation and was able to immediately unpack instead of climbing in the bed with a hangover guilt self-loathing and regret...I'm thankful I shared dinner with my family tonight and we all drank sodas and water...I'm thankful that I'm going to bed alcohol free tonight so I will have a fighting chance at going to the gym tomorrow...
I am thankful that I can afford counseling because it has been a huge benefit to me on my sobriety journey. ..I am thankful for several  women I know through AA who have introduced me to the art of needlework and the friends (both in and out of AA) that come along with it. ..I am thankful for the almost daily phone conversations with my sponsor. I enjoy talking to her and it seems that she enjoys talking to me. I am thankful for the things we share during our talks. ..I am thankful for my husband who helps me feel good and is so much fun to be around. 
