-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9b9w7/it_feels_like_i_am_approaching_my_end/

I will try to keep it short. (I tried). ..I relapsed after over 7 months it was just stupid but I feel necessary. ..I wasn't doing well in my first real attempt at sobriety first few months went OK but I couldn't find myself to do anything but not drink. ..Played games until the sun came up and didn't go to work neglected everything basically. I got really sick after drinking again and drank in the morning went to the doctor drunk and just did stupid shit. ..I have felt suicidal before but not like this I have been planning it out in my mind and trying to justify it. I went for a walk late last night and felt like just walking until I couldn't anymore I tried to feel some emotion and cry but I couldn't I feel this empty nothingness except remorse for how I ruined a perfect chance to be anything. I literally had everything anyone could ask for but there was always "something" wrong with me. I can't put my finger on it but it's this weird feeling of not belonging. I can't say "I love you" to anyone...A friend of mine got married over the weekend and I only heard about it from others I don't blame him really I tried to explain to him that not talking to him was due to me being in a bad place and alcohol just made me not care but I heard nothing after that. Every few minutes I think about it I feel a sense of dread. He has new friends and seems to be happy without needing anything from me anymore. I told another friend (hungover) that he makes me feel worthless and this guy has been there for me all the time for years I texted him but haven't heard anything and I am afraid I pushed it just over the edge this time...I haven't had any real sleep in a few days. I can't stop thinking about how everything I do seems to be wrong. I am a pathetic human and that's just the truth. I can accept that but I need to find a way to move forward but I don't know how everything seems so overwhelming at this point while I dragged myself to work late I am filing papers that have been gathering dust basically not doing anything I don't know how to do anything. Sitting here at my new spot in the middle of everyone is anxiety inducing and it feels like I want to act out like a child. I am still a child in so many ways. No one takes me seriously. I never earned it...I keep thinking about a girl that left me over 6 years ago and it makes me hate myself even more. No one could understand how after 2 years I was still in a crisis over it but it followed me for years and I still get very upset at random times when I think about it. I had a brief embarrassing encounter with one girl after that and have never touched a girl after that. It's quite pathetic really. I yearn for a woman's touch but I feel like I will never be able to feel that again...I had a fight with a friend of my brother's and assaulted him few years ago he committed suicide a while after that and I can't help but feel blame for it we were drinking and out to get more booze when I saw him kissing a girl my brother liked and I lost it because of what happened in my first relationship...Deep down I don't want to die but I don't know how much longer I can feel like this on a daily basis. ..I don't talk to my parents and I know it must hurt them I don't know what to tell them I don't have news nothing good is happening here...This time I am not smoking weed or drinking coffee as I can't even control that. ..I seriously need to do something drastic but I am so afraid that I will fail I set myself up for failure at every single thing I try to do...I don't think I can fully grasp how much trouble I am in and how deep of a hole I dug myself into...I keep hoping for something to save me like there's something out there that will happen (good or bad) that will change me. ..I am sorry if this post seems out of place here I really don't know where else to post this or who to talk to. ..I am going to try different things this time try not to use my feelings as an excuse to be pathetic. But I don't know if I can It has been too easy all my life to just choose the easy way out. I am afraid I am doomed and I don't know if I can convince myself otherwise anymore. Seeing others do well really makes me feel worthless because I am almost convinced I can never be anything anymore. ..Any sort of advice or guidance would be appreciated be harsh do I even deserve a chance to rectify myself doesn't feel like it.....&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing iwndwyt
Please do not kill yourself.  Can you make an appointment with your doctor?  Tell her what you typed here and ask for psychiatrist treatment.  
Sorry to hear about your sadness.......I know I can withdraw ever inward.....  spiraling downward....   slow ever-smaller circles.....   seems like no way out........There is!..Here are some things that always work for me:..Talking to a sober support person.  There are hotlines.  Seeing a sober support person in real life.  Free recovery meetings happen virtually everywhere and they have thrown my a lifeline and I got out of that hole and into the sunshine...Doing something for someone else.  When it seems darkest for me *doing something* for another person brings sunlight.....   Buy the beverage for the person behind me  feed someone volunteer at a soup kitchen  give an hour to Salvation Army or Goodwill......Tried any of that?
You say you have been drinking day and night and not even going to work. That has you severely depressed. No one can do that on and on and it not mess with their mind. No one.  Please call a professional and get into see them asap! IF you can not get into see dr. go to the nearest ER asap. You need someone to look out for you because you can not do that right now!
Maybe go see your doctor.  Have u considered AA ?    It helped me alot at the start.   Talking to Someone always helps me.  And I'm sure your parents would be there for u if you talked to them.   ..I have lost friends thru my drinking too.  And nearly my husband.  Please talk to someone.  
There is hope! I felt that I wanted to die once.  I got help and now I want to live again...I would seek out help.  There are a lot of places...doctors therapists support groups people in our lives.  When I'm struggling I need to up my level of support...I just take one moment at a time when I feel it's all too much.  One step at a time took me out of the darkness and got me to a better place...Your life matters.  Things can change.  Things changed for me.  ..I am sending all the positive thoughts I can your way! I am rooting for you my friend! 
I have been that low at times in my life. Since then I have had many wonderful times and am grateful to be alive. ..Point is how you feel now will change. Everyone's life has ups and downs. ..I hope you'll seek out professional help. It sounds like you are clinically depressed. Depression is very treatable!..You deserve to live and be happy. In any given minute maybe consider what you could do to make things better or change them a little bit. Besides drink or use illegal drugs. ..Go for a walk. Go to an upbeat movie. Do the dishes. Do a small favor for someone else. Watch a funny video. Do something creative: draw write a poem sing dance. Go for a jog. ..Cry if you need to. ..Above all please seek out professional help. ..
Wilhelms - Ive been following your posts for some time and they touch me deeply.  I see that you are in a dark place but - even at your lowest moments - you always express a desire to get help and move to a better place.  Please read you post again and see that.  Most importantly see this:..&gt;**Deep down I don't want to die**..You send a lot of time looking back at past events and judging yourself harshly.  I dont see this as helping.  I think it would help you to focus on the old but great quote that "The rest of your life starts today".  As you say - you are in a deep hole - and IMO you need professional help to get out of it.  Please please find someone to help you.  Perhaps you can ask your parents to help you find someone.  This might also be a good way to explain to them why you dont talk to them much. ..Just my thoughts.  Sending hugs LLW. 
You wrote: *It has been too easy all my life to just choose the easy way out.*..What is it about what you've been doing that has made your life easy? It seems you've been doing everything to make it difficult and painful. It's time to put down the rope. Stop struggling. ..Find some local resources and point yourself in a new direction. Take a deep breath--you can do this.
We understand best why the many bad things have happened to us. No one is perfect and ready human being we have our flaws. That's why we should forgive others and forgive ourselves. That is so important if we want to move on. I am not perfect but neither is anyone else. Failures should not be forgotten without learning from them but they most certainly shouldn't be carried around in our thoughts unprocessed. Focus on yourself and be gentle. You have a burden on your back that needs to be taken off. You have to take care of that happening to you. ..We are not perfect and that is why we all DESERVE at least to forgive ourselves.
I agree with these other posts you need help to get through this. This is an illness and you need a doctor. You're already not going to work so check into rehab. Let a professional guide you towards recovery and maybe you'll find some antidepressants that will work for you. There is light at the end of the tunnel and we're all cheering for you. 
A combination of prescription-based therapy and counseling have done wonders for me. I'm on a drug called "Naltrexone" that severely diminishes your desire to drink and if you drink you don't get that same pleasurable feeling that you did. It makes you 'lose interest' in drinking alcohol. It's amazing.
All those labels you are applying to yourself flow from your perspective and nothing more.  And you are not well and may well be suffering from depression which is completely warping your view.  ..I know what it's like when the world seems gray when you feel around inside yourself and find nothing when your curiosity and drive has evaporated away when human connection seems totally absent and you wander around like a ghost in the afterlife.  And then there's alcohol to be a "comfort" that drags you only further into the muck.  ..Your pain regret and suffering might be immense but the good news is you don't have to tackle it all at once.  Transformation happens step by step.  You already seem to know you need help.  Now you just need to make a little plan or a plan to make a plan to make that first little step...I hope you will go back to the doctor and explain some of your struggles.  Even if you write a few paragraphs on a piece of paper and just hand it to him or her.  If you find a therapist that would be great too...I'm sending you a big bro hug and I want you to know I'm rooting for you with all my heart.
Please don't be ashamed of your feelings even your dark ones. Our culture teaches a very sick lesson that boys and men are not allowed to express emotions or feel them. Please know that you are and you can...Sometime over the last 48 hours we lost a friend to suicide the second in our circle in a year and I'm currently fielding texts from out of town friends as I write these words to you. You are not alone in your dark feelings. Our world is a hard place to exist much less find happiness. But it can be done. It is worth the fight and you do deserve it. Nothing you've done is ruined beyond repair.
Please please please go speak with a professional. Hurting yourself in any way is not any kind of solution that will help. People are happier with you around even if you don't think so right now...I lost my brother to suicide years ago and I hear his suicide note in your post and I'm in tears just typing this out. ..Your family and friends do care about you and the pain caused by losing a loved one to suicide cannot be explained. It's been more than 10 years and I still think about him multiple times a day...Your family deserves for you to be around. You can be happy again.
My friend I felt many of the same things that you wrote about so well. I wasted 13 years of my life before finally going to AA (I actually went at the beginning heard "God" and shut my mind; that didn't work) with an open mind. ..There I found people who had lived through *exactly* the same misery that I had and that you have described. That's what made the difference for me. I'd been to 3 different rehabs a couple of shrinks and some counsellors. Not one made a difference...But when I went back to AA with an open mind and stopped fighting everything I found that the stories I heard resonated with me because they were always in part my story as well and I'll bet yours too. And as I listened I began to see a way out. ..These people were honest humble and helpful. I'm not knocking the earnest doctors and social workers and rehab staff who were doing their best to help but I never felt any one of them understood where I was. But the folks at AA did in spades. And that has made all the difference. I'm coming up on six years in a couple of weeks and I'm happier healthier and humbler than I've ever been. ..I urge you to give it a try. Here's my newcomer advice:..1 - Don't sweat the God stuff. I don't believe in God one bit and that hasn't stopped AA from helping me. ..2 - If you don't like the first meeting try another. Every one has a different feel. I tried 20 at the start and like Goldilocks some were too big some too small too young etc. But I found a great home group and I've been there ever since. ..3 - "Take what you need and leave the rest". If you don't believe in God and prayer then try to find a way to interpret the steps that still helps you. For example I look at Steps 6/7 as making the *intellectual* decision to change (Step 6) and then making the *emotional* decision (i.e. really committing to it not just giving lip service to it) in Step 7 to follow through. ..The most important part of AA to me is the slogan "You are no longer alone". I had isolated so much through booze that I had no friends my kids didn't want to see me and the only 'pal' I had was a bottle. Once I got to AA and found people who genuinely wanted to see me get better that was such a revelation and comfort that I've been able to stay sober ever since. It was impossible for me to do this alone; with the help of AA it's been relatively easy. I hope you give it a try.
I just want to hug you. You are suffering so much. You are so harsh to yourself but you are a smart kind good and worthy person. You are a friend here we support you. ..Is therapy an option? To help you through this darkness and to the light? ..You are worthy and loved. The world needs you sober and at peace. Much love!
1-800-273-8255 ..This is the suicide prevention hotline. Please call if you feel you are going to harm yourself. There are so many of us who care about you even without knowing you personally. I'm so sorry that you are hurting so badly. You express a desire to recover hold onto that for dear life. Hang in there things can and do get better.
Sounds like you have depression and anxiety. I felt the same a few years ago. Go to the doctors tell them how you feel and get help from professionals. I had counselling and was prescribed anti-depressants. The combination worked a treat and I've not felt like that again. Once I felt better; hobbies learning an instrument meditation yoga exercise swimming and getting out in nature really helped me.
Hang in there Wilhelms...I have no advice. I feel roughly the same as you do to be quite honest.
I'd like to give you a big hug.  You're definitely going through some shit but it seems like you realize you need and hopefully want help.  Everyone hits rock bottom at some point but the good thing is there is only the way up available.  Find someone to talk to I really think it will help immensely.  Hang in there you are not alone.
I don't mean this in a condescending way but I really just want to give you a hug. ..I am not an expert by any means but I can tell you that you are worthy of love and acceptance. You do not deserve these vitriolic feelings of self-loathing and it is never ever too late to start fresh. ..I don't know all of the details and circumstances surround your parents but I noticed that you mentioned that you don't talk to them and that it must hurt them which tells me that there is a lot of love there. At the end of the day you are their child and I would bet that if you reached out with a simple "hi I'm here I'm hurting and I need help" it could make all of the difference in the world. They probably aren't expecting perfection but maybe the chance to be a part of your life when you need it the most may mean the world to them. Sorry if that is unsolicited advice or not feasible but knowing what I know about parents and their messy relationships with children generally speaking that love is unconditional. ..Regardless of if there is love to be found there with your parents I know from experience that the love has to start with you. You are 100% not alone in feeling hopeless and lost. You've made some decisions that you regret but I'm here to tell you that there is not a single adult on earth on that hasn't! People do awful things to each other every single day but life moves on the world keeps turning and the sun keeps rising. I know that you can turn all of this around but the first step is to ask for help. Life is fucking messy and hard and scary and people need help! I really truly think that if you can find the courage to ask for real professional help and work to build up an army of people that will go to battle for you (starting with YOU) your life can change in so many beautiful ways. ..Sending all my love strength and courage I believe in you. 
Hey wilhelm just letting you know that I was in that deep just before taking a break from booze only a little more than two weeks ago.  I truly wanted to die and I had my suicide planned out.  There were moments where nothing could have convinced me otherwise even if my own mom had walked into the room.  Yet I rode through these incredibly intolerable dehumanizing feelings and their intensity waned somewhat.  My moods have become less low since pressing pause on booze but I'm still just as lost unmotivated isolated and humiliated at my situation and seeming inability to get things together and function like a normal human being.  I don't know what your relationship is with your family but my family surprised me in that they are going to help me get counseling and possibly meds.  There are also free resources for substance abuse and counseling in my area which I plan on taking advantage of perhaps there are near you too.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Life definitely feels like an uphill battle right now with no career trying to overcome my emotional instability and already questioning the value of total sobriety or whether it's for me.  I still feel like things are mostly hopeless and that I am somehow irreparably damaged and unfit to function in the world at any sort of adult level.  Like you I feel like an overgrown child.  Even though it seems impossible and disagrees with my intuitions about myself on almost every level I have one priority right now which is seeking help in the hopes that I can turn out of this rut that I've been in for years.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I know you aren't seeking advice per se everyone knows at least intellectually that therapy can help but maybe it doesn't gel with the deceptive "facts" they have learned about themselves through depression that they are fundamentally too flawed to operate therapy or no.  It might be worth it to push through the sludge and disagreeable feelings and try to find help.  I'm doing that today and will be for some time to come.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Other than that know that it's not just you that feels this way.  There are a lot of people right here in SD that have a situation that basically mirrors yours like myself.  Things can turn around and that's what I keep trying to tell myself too &lt;3
Everyone here has said some amazing things.  I think you should focus entirely on being sober because I think alcohol only makes the bad things x1000 times worse.  That's definitely true for me.  I also highly highly recommend you give a listen to Tara Brach's podcast.  She says many good things for people who are going through it.  Finally know that you are absolutely not alone.  We hear you and we're all right here with you.  Please know that.  
This resonates w me. If it helps I am just now starting to try to not drink. It already is so tough. Let's fight our demons together ok bud?
I know where you are. I know who you are. You are me and I am you. We're all but mirrors of one another in the misery of this addiction. I can think of very few things on earth that are harder to overcome than our own determination to self destruct...My initial attempt at sobriety was without heart. I want to rehab 2 yrs ago and expected to be cured. I relapsed the day before my last day of IOP and collected my coin inebriated. The preceding months were littered with hit and miss days of sobriety. ..I'm honest about my choices. My badge is a reflection of my honesty I still make bad decisions.  I began actually putting my heart into this journey around 1.5 years ago and started to see the light. Being sober was incredibly uncomfortable and alien triggers made my skin itch and my mind flicker. I owned those feelings and took action to subside the need to escape it. I was FEELING!!! ..In order to do the good work I had to start being good to myself and stop the self loathing/hatred I had encased my mind in...I was ready to die. A mental breakdown I hardly remember pushed my addiction into the open. People saw who I really was and it scared them. I literally broke out of my own mind and took back my life from myself. I asked for help abused that help and then let the help happen. You can get through this it's a battle and you're only fighting yourself...Be well dear heart!!! We're all rooting for you   
I think you should call your mum maybe go home for a little visit and let them know that you want help. Go to the GP but take it slow. Baby steps my friend one thing at a time. Even if it's just having a shower as long as you're working your way up and out the journey will always be there and will always get easier. ..Thinking of you my dude. 
Please know that you are not alone no matter how dark things get. You need to reach out to professional help to guide you through this. I am 144 days sobre and as hard as it is sometimes you need to remember to look back but don't stare. I have thrown all of my relationships away because of alcohol but the ones that matter will come back to you. .Please hang in there and know that there are people that care for you including us in this group. Please don't give up.
I can't express how much your comments mean to me I am going to use every bit of advice and support thanks so much for caring to respond. I started welling up after reading some of them I am grateful for that. I have to keep going no matter how hard it seems. Maybe there's something out there for me...
