-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9lf3q/still_not_drinking_but_not_willing_to_accept/

There is no doubt that my drinking was pretty off the charts in quantity and in the negative effects it had on my life.  Towards the end I was regularly drinking 50ish units per week and it had severe repercussions on my ability to sleep regularly and rendered me non-functioning basically because of the sleep issues.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I have no desire to go back to my old habits of daily drinking or of drinking such high amounts regularly.  But having 3 or even 5 drinks in a night with a friend semi-regularly seems like a not ridiculous habit and actually quite normal.  I know the subreddit I'm in is called STOPdrinking and I understand the disbelief in moderation or trying to cultivate a healthier relationship with alcohol with effort.  I don't deny that addiction is real and I also don't deny that I may have crossed a line that I can never come back from.  But I still feel a need to *eventually* try to drink in a controlled manner.  I know that subverts the ethos of this sub and goes against the AA beliefs of "once an alcoholic always an alcoholic" but I just don't know that I buy it that I wasn't just in a set of circumstances (working in a bar lots of free time no reason to control myself) that led to a really bad unchecked habit.  Two days after leaving it wasn't really hard to stop and I've barely had any desire since.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Of course I can see this being seen as the ever-clever addiction devil on my shoulder but also I wonder if it's really just a rational thought:  I just was in a bad environment that enabled heavy drinking with little to no real life repercussions.  In fact I could potentially lose out by not fitting in and therefore potentially losing my income.  And in the past when I had a more demanding schedule my alcohol use wasn't really problematic...&amp;#x200B;..I still have no plans to drink anytime soon because I just honestly desire the time off of the sauce and want to see what life is like for a while without it.  My not drinking started in a pretty shitty place so it's not been so rewarding yet basically just trying to clean up the mess of my life that is left.  I don't attribute 100% of the shittiness to alcohol but a lot to underlying untreated depression.   ..&amp;#x200B;..Anyways I'm not necessarily looking for advice or a solution just to vent about the annoyingness of the situation realizing my logic is possibly the addled mind of an addict but also not entirely sure about that.  I really do believe it's possible for some people to effectively reform and curb their drinking even after heavy use. I'm sure this thought pattern is familiar to a lot of the people who have relapsed multiple times and ended up knowing that sobriety was the only answer for them.  I still am hoping that I can return to drinking at a *much lower* frequency and intensity but not yet. Thanks SD for listening to my blabbering convoluted and possibly deluded self-talk.  ..&amp;#x200B;..**TL;DR: Habit or Addiction? Sneaky thoughts or rational thoughts? Still not drinking for a while.**
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you for quitting even if it's just for a while. I've seen some users quit booze for a while then stay quit because they feel the booze adds nothing.
This sub is for people who want to control **or** stop drinking...Pursue your bliss!..For me stopping is easier than controlling.
You only have to not drink today. No need to make a decision on your future yet. Just focus on today.
My therapist said "control the goals you make for yourself. Don't make them too strong/heavy or it will make a reversal inevitable." 
Don't feel alone. I feel like you do and it can be confusing. I have read a few other posts like yours so know that your thoughts aren't crazy. I too feel like I probably will be able to one day drink every so often AND NOT BINGE. But today I am gonna keep up the sober life. So IWNDWYT. Good luck on your journey 
You get to decide what level of drinking you're comfortable with. Moderation is great too! 
This is just my experience but I did this dance for about a year.   This post will resonate with a lot of people because in early sobriety I think that's a common thought...wtf is going on I'm an alcohowhat?' Maybe I can drink again and it will look different/be cool.'  My first signs of relapse were when I was googling "How to quit AA" and "Stories of those who left AA and drink normal again" ; I went back out and tried to moderate failed miserably found basements in my rockbottoms etc etc. (not to mega promote AA it's just part of my story)..TLDR - Addiction. Rational conclusion is to abstain fully. Didn't drink yesterday not drinking rn probably won't drink tomorrow. ..Goodluck dude you on the good path!
