-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/b9lh4p/how_many_day_ones_has_everyone_had/

I just subscribed to this sub in the past month and I've mentally noted that today is Day one. Only problem is I rarely follow through with it.  Whether it's a beer or black out I can't seem to get past one or 2 days at best.  Anyone else have the same struggle? 
----------immediate responses--------

At least 15
Two day ones since I made the decision to quit drinking I'm on day 3 now and my brain is trying to convince me that a dozen beers won't hurt but I'm not listening lol. 
A lot. I've gotten better about it though.
Countless day ones but I keep trying. The first two weeks are always the hardest for me. I've been taking it day by day and making sure I check in with people and on here to hold me accountable. Keep trying. You're worth it. 
3. Today I drank after 62 days. The beer was bitter chocolate-y robust all the adjectives that made me fall in love to begin with. It was everything I remember. But when I finished I felt like I was seeing a relative for the first time in years. I just didn't know how to get the conversation started. The psychological effect wasn't there. I felt like after 62 days....each sip would have been like a warm hug from Jesus. But it was the closure I needed. I looked at it and said "this was great but not great enough." 
I certainly had a lot of one two and three day attempts to quit...I hesitate to generalize because I don't want to suggest that it's impossible to just quit once and for good and also because I'm obviously speaking from my own limited experience/observations but I think it's pretty typical to try repeatedly before it "sticks". Metaphorically it's like learning to walk: you're going to wobble and fall on your ass but each time you try you're working new muscles and learning and feeling it out. Every time you start a day sober and go to bed that night without having had a drink you're building towards sobriety. And those days don't go away just because you drink later on...During a phase like this I think it can be especially helpful to conceptualize not drinking as "x number of alcohol-free days this week/this month" or as a percentage of days in each month when you haven't had a drink. Seeing each drink as "resetting" your progress is massively discouraging demotivating and (I think) sets people up for failure. It's very easy (natural even) but counterproductive to fall into an "screw it all then" mindset.
I couldn't get past a few days soo many times. Made it to 7-10 days a couple times as well. Relapse is common part of many people's recoveries. I guess needed a few dozen reminders of why I pledged to myself to quit before the message sunk in. The important thing is to keep trying and to keep trying new coping skills and resources. Eventually I found the recipe that got me over the hump. If I had to choose one understanding "one day at a time" and applying it is what got the ball rolling for me. I kept relapsing because of the thought during a craving (usually in social situations) "I'm going to have to go through this hundreds of times for the rest of my life." but really I just have to not drink today and tomorrow is a problem for my future self. I stopped thinking about the future or forever and just focused on today. And in that fashion the days started adding up (and some of them were damn good) and the momentum picked up...Good luck. You can do this. 
I have had 5 or 6  official  day ones. I have also had at least 100 days where I swore I wouldn't drink that day but did anyway. ..I have seen someone get maybe 20 or more 24 hour chips. Today she and her husband are working on year 7!
Probably about 18...? At least. Sigh... it's hard. 
I have probably told myself "I'm going to quit today" well over 600 times. I tried to quit so many times it makes my heads spin thinking about all the times I've tried and failed to stay sober but looking back on it now after my 15 months of sobriety I look at all my failed attempts as learning experiences and it makes me all that much more proud of myself now because I think about the sheer amount of perseverance and tenacity that it took for me to get to this point.
