-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ba0rqx/my_friend_relapsed_last_night_and_then_killed/

I'm sorry to be a downer. But I just have so many emotions right now. I've been sober for a while and you make lots of friends along the way. A really good friend of mine was found hanging in his room this morning. And it all started with a drink. He had been sober for a while and one bad night of drinking and using brought him to such a dark place that he ended his life....Glad to be sober right now although sober emotions are strong as heck. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry your dealing with this. I had a friend kill himself after a couple day alcohol and coke bender. Another one when they were on acid. Drugs and alcohol can compel you to make the worst decisions. Stay strong but also be kind and grieve however you have to. Thanks for reaching out. IWNDWYT
Stay strong friend.  
I dont even know what to say. So sorry. Stay strong for your friend. 
This thing is so powerful. Being sober is only half the battle. I have had many friends pass in my time sober. It is one of the most difficult things.  Some killed themselves and some died early from the damage alcohol has done.  Some went out and died from a lethal combo of drugs and alcohol.  It reminds me that I am only a couple bad decisions from joining them.  It is the harsh reality of having a bunch of sober friends. ..My sincerest condolences to you and that persons family. ..
I am so sorry for your loss. stay strong and don't forget to take care of yourself. xx
Very sorry for your loss. Stay strong friend. And thanks for sharing it's a reminder to all of us what kind of dark places addiction can bring us to.  ..May he rest in peace. 
That's horrible. I'm so sorry for you him friends and family.
So very sorry for the loss of your friend.  Stay strong.
I'm so sorry to hear that! Damn. Really brings home the realness. Our group here has lost several over the last year and I know it'll keep going. Every time I'm furious and sad--and I still don't get to take a drink even though I feel that way. Annoying. I'm thinking of you.
Sorry about your friend :(
A good reminder of what can lie just beyond the first drink for me.  IWNDWYT.  Wishing you and your friend peace in this dark moment...
I'm sorry for your loss. Alcohol can awake demons in some people. It's heartbreaking
Sorry for your loss friend. You're not a downer at all. There is a reason we abstain. The risk is too great and what is on the line is too important - marriages relationships health and lives. .Very sorry to hear of your friend and for your loss. You're a good person for caring. IWNDWYT 
Condolences my dear. 
I'm so sorry. Sorry for you and sorry for your friend's family. Horrible thing to go through.  
Came back to aa and found that the guy I was looking to catch up with again had put a bullet in his head at a gun range. .  It brings up lots of difficult emotions for sure. I'm sorry you're dealing with this kind of hurt. Doing it sober is even harder and I commend you. .  Here's to another day away from the dark place. 
So sorry to hear this. I'm sorry for your loss. 
I am so sorry for your loss.
I am so so sorry. All of my friends who did this did it when they were drunk. It's the most heartbreaking thing.
.
Jesus that's horrible. I am so sorry. ..FWIW I never hit a rock bottom. My biggest wake up call was simply noticing that drinking went from party time to causing depression and suicidal ideation. One day after a binge laying in bed feeling worthless - it clicked. I only have these thoughts during/after drinking. That was it. I decided I wanted to live. Alcohol is evil and killing our loved ones. I feel pain in my heart for your loss. Stay strong.
&gt;Glad to be sober right now although sober emotions are strong as heck. ..Ain't that the truth! Sober grief is like nothing else. ..Breathe in breathe out let the emotions run through you and out. 
I'm so sorry. That's so sad. Much love to you. 
Oh non. Terrible. D sol  mon ami. .Do not be sorry about posting this. 
alcohol can turn the entire world upside down. I am so so sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT
So very sorry for your loss. 
So sorry for your loss. Stay strong buddy
Sorry for your loss. Stay strong
I dont think I can ever afford to relapse because I know I'll commit suicide if I do. It's something that's on my mind all the time but I'd never actually have the balls to do unless I'm on the sauce.
How heartbreaking. I am so sorry. 
Damn. I'm so sorry.  My most sincere condolences. I'm glad you posted and that you're here. Peace love and strength to you.
Sending you love friend. We are here with you.
