-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ba4iao/i_relapsed_drank_tonight_into_the_morning/

I've been going through a tough time.  For the most part I've been able to manage my drinking but it seems I have reverted to old habits for coping with what I think is 'too much.'  Aside from drinking what can help with that?
----------immediate responses--------

I have found that for me there's no problem that can't be made worse by drinking.  Drinking wasn't a coping mechanism for me it was a way of escaping numbing  and ignoring.  That's not coping. It took me a long time to figure this out.
Connecting with loved ones (or developing a support network) exercise meditation junk food throwing yourself into hobbies professional support. 
Projects. Keeping busy. I was once doing an exercise on making $ off of hobbies and one of the questions was "what is something you like to do so much you forget to eat" and that stuck out to me. I recently bought an RV that I've been focusing on renovating and painting so that's a nice distraction. Forgive yourself for relapsing it's a new day.
I can definitely relate. Thank you for telling my story as well. Drinking was always something for me that was hard to admit was getting out of control. I clung to the notion that I would control it and would have periods of time where I could maybe manage it pretty good and sometimes even not drink at all. I would have a couple of days sober or a couple of times moderating and then think that I had it all figured out while failing to acknowledge that every time I had a good night drinking there were several others that were completely out of my control. I think what helped for me was realizing that when I control my drinking I can't enjoy my drinking. When I enjoy my drinking I'm not controlling my drinking. It's flat out dehabilitating to drink all night and then ruin your next day or at least it was for me. Usually I wasted the next day in an untouchable state of shame and remorse. Here's the really good news: where you're at is actually not a bad place to be. Kind of like the gift of desperation or whatever they call it. You're at a turning point now where you have realized that alcohol is a poison to your life and you have the opportunity now to embrace a different life. Life has shown you what you don't want. So self love that's huge. Don't beat yourself up. That's never a factor for positive growth. But do get honest with yourself decide if being sober is really something you want and it sounds like it would be better than what you're feeling right now. These moments can either push us further down or be the catalyst for changes in your life. Get honest with yourself and somebody you trust today. Sending you all the love. You are going to be ok you're going to be better than ok. 
