-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ba8v7e/my_head_the_time_traveler/

  ..My mind is an avid time traveler. That would be OK if it weren't such a bloody awful pessimist! ..It's easier now that I've a few days under my belt I have some disciplines I learned that keep me in today but when I was first stopping drinking it was a real problem...Whenever my mind had some idle time then it would wander off. If it went to the future then there were only two ways it went. I'd see whatever venture I was working on at the time being immensely successful and I'd be lauded and acclaimed or I'd see the darkness nothing but struggle and hopelessness. But the biggest challenge in the future was always  Forever! . This was an enormously self-sabotaging thought line and it would hit me in two ways: I would doubt that it was *possible* for me to stop drinking forever  after all I'd never been able to in the past or I'd doubt that it was *worthwhile*; would I really not drink at Christmas? New Year Birthdays? If I looked to the future I couldn't see any fun or happiness it was only a never ending struggle against drinking...It was all bogus and nothing more than a fabrication of my own mind but it was easy to get sucked in by it. I really don't know why it was so convincing because its conviction came entirely from an ability to predict the future  which in my experience I don't' have!  But I still believed the nonsense that came and sometimes I'd spend hours practicing what I'd say in confrontations that were unlikely to ever even happen! What was that all about? The future was full of extreme fantasy; being a hero winning the lottery being showered with accolades or it was full of struggle and misery  it was never ever just ordinary. Living in the future was too hard! It completely challenged any intention to stay alcohol-free. I'd visualise toasting at my children's weddings and then feel that I was going to be missing out if I didn't. It was rubbish but I believed it and felt it. I felt like I'd be missing out on fun forever! But this whole scenario was only valid if it was real  which it wasn't. It was a guess and a very poor and biased guess at that. It was a guess based on years of never doing anything  fun  that didn't involve drinking. But that drinking had made me miserable alone and desperate  but somehow that little truth never popped up in my future wanderings. My mind was not even-handed about the future  it wanted to see me drinking again!..The past was a bad place too. If I looked to the past I'd quickly find myself wallowing in my troubles. One bad memory stirred the next and soon I'd be neck deep in self-pity shame guilt and remorse. The past was utterly pitiful but it's where I went to play with my favourite resentments  and in no time I'd be wanting to drink again...In my mind both the past and the future were minefields of extremities and drinking thoughts and triggers. The only escape from them was in the present moment but it was so hard to stay there. All the messages about getting and staying sober impressed the important of staying in the day   one day at a time   all you have to do is not drink for the rest of the day  and so on. Everyone told me about staying out of the past and the future yet every time I was alone with my thoughts off they'd wander and in no time I was struggling with resisting the demand that I drink again  it was a hard road this not-drinking business...I struggled with this for a long time. I understood the need to stay in the present; the past and the future both lead me back to drinking. I couldn't predict the future and I couldn't change the past.. but I also couldn't stop wading into it either. There was some great advice I was given   It's OK to look at the past but don't stare . I found this really useful but it even if I recognised I was stuck in the past or the future then it was really tricky once I was there to break free of it. But one day a sober friend told me of a way to snap myself back to the present and I've done this ever since...If I need to get out of the past or the future then I look for a clock  on a wall somewhere or on a device or just guess. I note the time and recall the day. Then I say to myself (for example)  It's ten o'clock on Sunday morning  what should I be thinking about right now? what should I be doing right now?   then immediately do whatever pops up...It took a bit of practice but over time this has become a habit in itself and I'm now able to pull myself away from unwanted past and future thinking at will and this is enormously liberating. I no longer get pulled down by my past and I now longer fantasize or dread the future  I can just live with and enjoy today...I like quotes  and this one seems in order for this post..Yesterday's history..Tomorrow's a mystery..But today is a gift..That's why we call it  the present ...(The wise old turtle Kung-Fu Panda)
----------immediate responses--------

