-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/baacia/hi_my_name_is_jane_and_i_think_i_have_a_problem/

This is an alternate account as I'm not quite comfortable sharing that I'm struggling with people that I know in my real life yet...Went out for a group outing last night. BF and I have been on the outs and arguing a lot while drunk lately. I was originally not going to go to this event but I was asked to...We drank for 12 hours...I am the type that once I have 1-2 drinks I can not stop...And BF and I got in an argument in public in front of his friends..And I lived up to the expectation of being the dramatic girlfriend.And I publicly shamed him.And he ditched me.And I cried..I realized that I am emotionally abusive to my BF when drunk. I shame him and manipulate him to try and get him to change. I have low self esteem and it grates my nerves that he will openly flirt with a female friend of his in front of me...I hate who I am when I drink...I'm scared of what I'm becoming...I've gained almost 40 pounds I am isolated and lost touch with friends. I live with depression and social anxiety. I just... is this what my life has become?..My BF is an alcoholic and proud of it. So are all of his friends. I started drinking more to keep up with them and now my reputation is the crazy psycho girlfriend...This is not how I want my life to be...Today is my Day 1...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  I'm so glad that you are here.  You are on your way to a better life.  I am proud of you.
We welcome you with open arms. IWNDWYT. 
It sounds to me like you are making a great decision. Welcome to the gang!
When I realized that it was me who gets to decide what kind of person I want to be I started changing. We all have this power including you. Thank you for not drinking with me!
You won't regret not drinking. I'm only on day 30 but I feel so much better!
omg are you me? I became the crazy ex girlfriend and some point cause I kept drinking. Not today tho! Goodluck lady keep it goin!
So awesome that you recognize what you want to change- IWNDWYT!
Hi Jane. Welcome!
You are not crazy. You are not psycho. You are here. I'm just starting out too. You have our support. Just ask. Welcome. IWNDWYT
Admitting you have a problem is the first step. Now you are truly on the path to recovery. Stay strong Jane!..IWNDWYT!
Congratulations for recognizing you have a drinking problem! You're halfway home to happiness. ..Fortunately you will discover that your boyfriend and his drinking buddies will disappear soon. Alcoholic's hate it when one of their drinking buddies quits drinking. They will try everything to get you to quit quitting because they need others to share their misery with. ..You will discover that your new sober friends that you find are happier people to share time with anyway. ..You've got this... enjoy your recovery. 
As they used to say... knowing is half the battle. The other half of the battle can be pretty hard though. This level of self awareness is impressive and should give you hope for making a change. This is a great place with really supportive people. I'm glad you found it. IWNDWYT.
I've also had this reputation of being the girl who can keep up with the boys in drinking. Finally I realize I need to find something else to network relate. One cool think I realized you can always get a soda with lime or Diet Coke and people assume you are drinking. Then you can be sober and watch how the crowd gets sloppier. It's a bit easier if people don't think you are sober because then they act like themselves. Also you may still be mad at your bf for flirting with girls but at least your reaction will be  real  
You sound like me 34 years ago. Eventually I got away after 11 years of insanity. IWNDWYT. 
Congratulations! From what you've said you already know that alcohol is messing up with your life. And stopping drinking will help you take control over your decisions. .Best of luck to you and I'm pretty sure your relationship will get better soon
There is such a better life in store for you honey. 
Good luck. My reason for quitting is similar. I become a horrible dickhead when I'm drunk and I can't drink without getting drunk. I used to envy my friends who can but now I have finally accepted it as part of me or rather something that cannot be a part of me. I haven't had a drink in two weeks now yesterday I went to a bar stayed till 2 am without a drink and had the best evening "drinking" I had in 10 years....So far the toughest part was telling some of my friends especially since some wholeheartedly agreed that I'm horrible with alcohol which is difficult to hear although it's the absolute truth. Luckily they are super supportive which I initially didn't expect. In the end it was such a good choice to tell them since they support my decision and it decreases the shame that I have due to my past behavior (while confronting me with it as well)...Good luck with the rest of your non-drinking life! ..IWNDWYT.
If you're in a bad relationship with a person it's wise to break things off and go on without them. The same applies when that bad relationship is with booze...I've been away from alcohol for about three months now and I've lost weight and I feel better overall physically and mentally...Don't expect any miracles in the depression/anxiety department. I've not seen everything magically disappear. But I've noticed that my mental health has improved and it's only now I've had few months away from alcohol that I've noticed that alcohol was a key contributor to me feeling like shit. Your mileage may vary but there is a strong likelihood that you will see an improvement...Stay strong. I hope your BF is supporting you. It's a lot harder when the people around you are drinking. And some people can be pushy.
More power to you and your healthy choices. IWNDWYT 
Nice job on taking the first step! I also recently started not drinking so we are in on this together &amp; IWNDWYT. My partner and I drank almost every night together &amp; separately it was the norm. It was also the norm for us to get in fights and arguments. Every. Single. Night. Once I realized this correlation and was honest with myself I knew that the liquor had to go. Keep up the good fight get rid of the toxic relationship (people and liquor) and you will be better off. ..Also I found the sub really effective. I will pull out my phone and just read multiple times a day to remind me why I am doing what I am doing and it helps me stay on course. Hopefully you will find it as helpful as I and so many others do. 
IWNDWYT
IWNDTWY 
Good Luck Jane. The first few days are the hardest for sure...but all of us here offer positive proof that you can do this too! Sending love and support. IWNDWYT
Just a suggestion but it could help to try out a meeting. Only because I know how strong the sphere of influence (just saw Apollo 11 lol) can be of social circles that are proud of their shared alcoholism. And then you add significant other in the mix I can only imagine how hard that is. It could help to have in person interaction with other sober people from the get go. Just to sort of balance the scales a bit. 
There's no pride in being an alcoholic. Being an alcoholic is a problem and if it's not fought it means the person has left him/herself in its negative influnce. Not speaking of alcohol only as a drug but as a neurotoxin a solvent and an addictive substance. There are more problems coming it's inevitable. The addiction gets stronger and the person keeps making physical and mental damage possibly financial and social damage along with that. It's not a way to live one will come to see it sooner or later. Put yourself first social proof and pressure kept me drinking for a long time and all I got from it was addiction and wasted time money energy and opportunities. Life without alcohol can be amazing. That's where I've chose to head after seeing that alcohol has nothing of value to offer.
How brave to take this first step. Good for you. I will not drink with you today 
