-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/babie7/a_sign/

Last night I took my best friend to rehab. The same rehab my family took my older brother to when he had his battle with addiction a couple years ago...During one of my trips to visit my brother the staff handed out these purple bracelets that read  No One FIGHTS Alone! . Since that visit I haven't seen that bracelet. ..https://imgur.com/iXpdEoT..Fast forward to this morning. ..After a long night of tossing and turning and thinking about my friend who I just helped check into rehab I woke up early and decided to clean my house. When I'm stressed I typically like to clean. It keeps my brain occupied and has always been therapeutic for me...While I was cleaning my kitchen I spotted the purple bracelet on my counter. ..The same bracelet I received a couple years ago when visiting my brother in rehab. The same rehab I took my best friend to last night...I haven't seen this bracelet in years and it showed up on my counter. ..I live with my sister and girlfriend. Neither of them have any idea where it came from...I'm not religious by any means but when I saw it on the counter I immediately broke down in tears. I sobbingly called my brother to tell him what I just experience. ..Turns out he had just relapsed...My call has motivated him to get help...He's currently getting the help he needs.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow...that is wild. A good sign.
[Synchronicity](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity) ..Carl Jung was involved in the inception of AA and worked with Frued around that time and came up with this concept. ..I've seen these types of seemingly unexplainable events more than a few times around recovery especially those early stages where it seems they're needed most. ..Seems everything is on the path it's supposed to be for you and yours friend. 
Wow look at that. Most definitely a sign!
Life always wins and the universe always provides......we just have to realise that we are actually life itself...IWNDTWY 
It is a sign. Embrace this experience. Thank you for sharing it wit us.
