-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/baix3l/one_year/

352 days ago I posted this to the vent-o-matic after a relapse (hopefully my last) and bender of epic proportions:... I relapsed and went on a 3 week bender. I lost my job. When i woke up out of it i was in my apartment with a huge bruise on my arm and a small gash on my leg with no idea how i got home or how i got the injuries. I then proceeded to detox alone. I went into DTs with full on hallucinations and i stayed awake for 2 days straight. I was in a full panic attack and I was sure that i was going to be insane forever. When i woke up out of my stupor i could barely speak but i managed to call AA and some guys came and picked me up and took me to a meeting. It's a miracle I'm alive...I'm now 2 weeks sober again and getting better. I was in a black out for 5 days. Going through emails and texts i managed to piece together that i was in numerous bars slept with several women of whom I only remember one a hospital and a police station during that time. I had a year and 3 months clean off everything. If you are an alcoholic and you know you're an alcoholic please don't pick up. It never gets better. NEVER. I'll be getting a reset and I'm happy to be back ...Yikes! That didn't work out too well for me...One year later: I have a steady job a girlfriend whom I love and who loves me back go to the gym regularly have gone from a pack a day to 3/4 cigarettes a day passed an important language certification test made new friends reconnected with old friends ditched some bad friendssaved money got on healthy sleep schedule and many other positive changes...But the most positive and important change from last stint of sobriety before and my current one is I DONT constantly think about drinking anymore. What was different this time is I have filled my life up with things that are positive and keep my  mind away from obsessing about drink. That was the biggest key to my success this time around. ..That and staying connected with other alcoholics and taking it one day at a time always. It has been a busy and challenging year full of ups and downs but ultimately a year of growth and an impending sense that I'm moving in the right direction. More importantly it's been a year without hospital visits arrests having to get tested for STDs hallucinations hangovers or withdraws!..Thats what alcohol does to me and I for one don't .intend on going back to that!..Thanks and I will not drink with you today  .
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! I'm happy for you!
Congrats!!! What a journey! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations with your 1 year soberversary! IWNDWYT! 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congratulations!  An extremely awesome accomplishment for sure!
Amazing and inspiring- congratulations.
Nice!
