-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bam5lu/i_feel_relief_today/

Have you ever thought back at all the risky behavior you engaged in when drinking and feel an absolute feeling of relief that it's over? All the drunk driving hanging out late in bars going home with strangers puking so hard you think you're gonna die etc?? I feel so much relief that I never killed anyone or myself. I'm glad I never got a call that one of my family members had been in a terrible accident while I was right in the middle of a bender. I'm glad I never got raped or murdered when going home with a stranger from a bar. I'm glad I never lost a job from drinking even though I deserved to. I feel relief and gratitude today. I feel love for all of you who are struggling. You will get there. Keep trying. 
----------immediate responses--------

It feels good to not have to worry about all of the bad things that can happen when drinking not having to deal with the consequences. 
yes!!! this weekend my friend's family friend was super drunk and hitting on me. if I had also been drunk I most likely would have ended up hooking up with him even though I was wholly not interested in him; since I was sober I avoided an awkward saturday morning and an abandonment of my standards. so grateful. 
We are lucky to be alive Delylah.
I think about all the horrible drunk or blacked out choices that could have been so much more catastrophic had something went slightly different. All. The. Time. I'm hoping that the longer I stay sober the less regret I will feel and the less I will dwell on the almosts and what ifs. I feel super fucking lucky to be alive and to not have caused irreparable damage to anything or anyone (physically). A lot of emotional damage or there I can't undo...
Absolutely!!!! The most devastating memory I have is waking up naked on a party hosts front porch swing. She lent me some clothes told me about my deplorable behavior (which she got too much enjoyment from and videoed) and then I crashed my car on the way to work.... playing that tape forward has stopped me dead in my tracks from attending any party since I've been in recovery. No fun was had but at the expense of my morality. 
ME TOO
Right there with ya!   I couldn't have said it better myself!
I'd imagine the majority of people that are in a jail cell at the moment weren't sober when they did whatever they did to get there.
I totally know what you mean. As a young woman in my early 20s its a miracle I made it through...I was thinking about those times and I truly believe God sent his angels to watch over me...
The new #me too movement...Imagine having 40 years of that behavior.  Incredibly grateful right with you!
I've been sober for a year tomorrow and have been having these thoughts all the time recently.  It's making me so emotional about my sobriety and I'm feeling beyond grateful that I stopped. IWNDWYT 
Grateful for you all and grateful to be sober tonight. Iwndwyt 
Great post and many thanks for reminding me of the hell that I have protected myself from. Keep up the great work
There but for the grace of God go I... I'm so lucky to have scraped through without any job losses / assaults / arrests / devastating injuries.  Lots and lots and LOTS of bruises and a broken ankle though a couple of very minor run ins with the police and injuries to my sense of self-worth mental &amp; spiritual health to name just some of the consequences. ..I've put myself in so many risky situations it's a wonder I'm still here in one piece with my life intact and appearing to be someone who is a vaguely successful human being. It's amazing what we manage to hide when we're drinking... so many secrets I carry around that no one knows but me.
absolutely ..s a     ..girl!  
For me it's also nice to not have to lie. That feels the best.
