-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bax1bn/blood_results/

I'm so disappointed in myself. I had blood work done a couple of weeks ago and am looking at the results today. I stopped drinking for 6 months when I saw I had high cholesterol high glucose (pre-diabetes) and signs of liver damage. I lost 50 lbs and was feeling better than I had in years! But then I messed up and started drinking again slowly at first then heavily every night. I kept putting off my fasting blood test because it was too hard to be sober for the test. I finally managed to abstain for one night which is embarrassing to admit and got the tests done. ..So the results. My cholesterol is normal my glucose is normal. The signs of liver damage are still there.  In recent posts I've struggled with telling my loved ones I have a problem. Hell I struggle telling myself I have a problem. This has been a very unfortunate wake up call. I told my husband today that I didn't think we should keep alcohol in the house. I didn't explain as much as I should have but it's a start. I don't want to tell anyone about the liver damage. I don't know what the prognosis is yet but I'm hoping it's reversible or at least not that bad and if I stop drinking won't get any worse. I mostly feel ashamed and angry with my myself. But I also feel like it's not fair which is so stupid I know. It's not like I drank all day everyday for 20+ years. But I did this to myself and I guess my body is more susceptible to damage.  ..My take away for you all is this. Stop drinking TODAY! Stop drinking right now! You don't know the damage that you're doing. Alcohol is poisonand even a little poison every once in a while is always a bad idea. ..IWDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I just posted the same I'm in a bad spot - alcohol consumption is at an all time high. It's like I'm begging for something catastrophic to happen so I can get clean. Why do we always have to learn the hard way and/or after it's too late..&amp;#x200B;..Feels like yesterday I was in my young twenty's not worrying about if I had a problem telling myself I'd never be this guy. Here I am
Things start coming better when we stop making them worse. ..You've recognised within yourself that you have a problem that you have to do something about and that is the single largest step of all. It is huge; well done. It will help to be more honest with your husband but only if he is supportive of your need to stop (and not all partners are). ..You know what you have to do. Take help from wherever you can find it and keep doing what works.
Think of the progress you made to improve your cholesterol and glucose levels. If you've hit 6 months sober before we're gonna do it again! The human body is incredible in its ability to heal itself. One day at a time we move forward. I will not drink with you today.
Me too. Dropped 40 lbs stayed off for about 3 months and then slowly rolled back into bad habits. It's tough but fighting the fight with you on this one.
I finally made it in to get my blood drawn today after 6 months of putting it off because I wanted to be sober a week or two before hand. I have right abdominal pain and have for a few months so I'm not expected it to be happy results. I've been drinking for 20 years and I'm afraid it's finally caught up with me. Best of luck to you.
Check out r/women_in_recovery. Awesome sub. My current fave!!..IWNDWYT
thanks for this. good for me to hear. i'm very glad you've taken the step of telling your husband. best wishes to you! IWNDWYTD
A good friend  of mine  had a liver transplant.  The cost of anti rejection rejection drugs  are out of this world and most people  can't  afford  them. They deliver his drugs on a skid.
This has been on my mind lately. The drinking culture we have choose to see alcohol only as a drug and overlook everything else it is: a neurotoxin a solvent and an addictive substance. No one likes to be reminded about that stuff when they drink. It's all fun and games until people have damaged themselves or gotten addicted. I am addicted and I should not see alcohol only as a drug. If I'm addicted to drug myself to poison myself and to destroy my organs it's best to be honest to myself and admit that there is a problem. If I don't want to discuss it with others at this point it's okay. But being honest at least to myself that's a good start...IWNDWYT
