-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bb7m3a/alcoholultimate_bait_and_switch/

Its so baffling to me how alcohol has worked in me. First it was just a liberating social lubricant that gave me superpowers socially (think lampshade on the head at a party).  But thinking back even then I knew something had its hooks in me even if it was only a sneaking suspicion buried deep in the back of my mind. As time progressed alcohol became more fun and relaxing for me as I learned how to not throw up every time and how to avoid significant hangovers; I thought that I was a safe playing connoisseur of the sauce. This too was betrayed by the little blinking warning light in my conscience. For years this was the status quo - drink for fun for relaxation in celebration etc.  But.... at some point my body and my mind stopped the record and the party was over. Now alcohol only invites misery anxiety depression lost productivity a noticeable decline in health and vitality etc. Funny thing is that the crappy feelings didn't make an appearance in my life until right around the time that I  realized  I seriously struggle just to not drink. Relapse after relapse pain on top of pain but somehow I keep convincing myself that just one more time and the party will restart and the good times will roll. Not today though my friends. Today I know the truth and because of that I will not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

I know exactly how you feel. I'm the same way!  Somewhere along the line I recognized that my alcohol brake was broken. ..IWNDWYT
The freedom and pleasure in the moments of sobriety far outweigh those early days of alcohol bliss. No comparison. IWNDWYT.
i know the truth too. it's never the same after you know the truth. IWNDWYT
I lived what you wrote.  But good news: there is hope!..I got help by coming to Stop Drinking every day.  I took it one day at a time.  Slowly I found my way out of the  darkness into the light...I'm sending positive thoughts your way! You can do this. IWNDWYT
This is exactly the way I feel! IWNDWYT.   
Well said. This is exactly what happened to me. Towards the end of my drinking I finally realized that the few hours of illusory "fun" wasn't worth the 2-3 days of horrible anxiety and depression that followed.
