-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbal7o/four_weeks_sober_and_feeling_over_it/

I've hardly wanted alcohol at all during these past four weeks with a real urge only happening once. It feels different this time around unlike previous times when I only committed to a dry month and struggled through it (or failed). These past four weeks haven't felt like "determination" to quit; it feels more like I'm simply fed up with alcohol... like I'm "over it" if you will. I know I'm not immune and still have to stay on alert but I feel confident in myself. Looking forward to surpassing the one-month mark in a few days... and many more!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm over it also. This is it for me. Feelling great and just don't want that poison in my life anymore. Life is just too short to ruin it with alcohol. IWNDWYT.
When I quit smoking cigarettes for the final time a few years ago that's what did it. I was just  over it.  I didn't want them anymore. It's an aha-moment and it's real and important. ..I saw a post on r/leaves where someone was feeling the same about marijuana and a lot of people were shutting them down saying  don't worry it'll get harder.  But I disagree and I think that the more someone tells themself how hard this is and how weak they are against it the more likely they are to fall into a deep relapse pit. Alcohol doesn't hold any power on its own. It sits in a glass or a bottle and just keeps getting older. *You* hold the power to keep making good decisions with a sober mind so of course you're  over  muddying that! And you *should* be confident about it!..Good on you for realizing that and congratulations for four weeks of clarity! I'm so proud and grateful that we don't have to drink today :)
In my last big meeting someone was celebrating an anniversary and someone told a story about seeing them the first time and asking  had enough? ..It resonated as I felt the exact same when I walked through the door. Defeated deflated submitted just plain had enough. ..Haven't looked back. Keep at it and keep up a network of support free tools and support why not take it?
I'm where you are except I have had a few beers here and there. I found that I was able to get down to just 2 beers with self control and sort of enjoy the light buzz but even that small amount of beer screwed with my sleep.
Same here. This is the fourth time I've taken a serious stab at sobriety - my longest was 6 months a couple of years ago then a couple of months last year followed by another couple of months later that year. Each time I was tempted back in by all the 'good times' I'd be missing out on - this time I know that I'm not missing out on anything and it has been so much more liberating.
After going through the withdrawals I went through just over a week ago I have no desire to touch alcohol right now. I'm not quitting drinking forever but something clicked that day and I do not find myself tempted. I still have vodka and beer at the house because I felt it important to learn self control. I can look at then and not drink them and that's ok.
Good! But...vigilance. I look at my journal of the ghost of drunkeness past so as to not get too complacent.
