-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbe01r/witnessed_the_aftermath_of_a_suicide/

I am 25 days sober today and I witnessed someone's dead body shortly after a suicide by hanging yesterday. I didn't know the person very well at all but it's still messing with me. I keep picturing it and thinking about how unfortunate it is and how I wish I could have prevented it somehow. All I want to do is drink because I feel overwhelmed. I have struggled with mental health most of my life and have thought about suicide often before. I'm not actively suicidal but what I witnessed made me wonder about the futility of self improvement. I just don't know if going to all these lengths to be a 'better version of me' will mean anything in the end if I can't win the battle with my own mind. I just want to have a couple drinks to bring myself away from this vacuum of horrid and self defeating thoughts but I worry that it will just be an excuse to make it a regular habit again and the worst part is is that this guy struggled with alcohol addiction himself...
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your success in staying sober.  Drinking  only makes  bad  things  worse . Stay  strong  and sober
I'm so sorry...Stay strong.  Alcohol makes everything worse!
I'm so sorry that happened to you. It sounds very traumatic. Is there any kind of counseling available to you? It could help to talk about it with a professional. Where I live if you are involved in anything like that they can set you up with a social worker or some kind of victims service people who know all the good resources in the area. ..Sending good energy your way. You can do this :)
The best self-improvement is self-acceptance that's all. It is difficult to have to feel feelings but the sad part is that even when alcohol feels like it is buffering us it isn't because the feelings are still buried in there. BTW I just discovered exercise and it is making a HUGE difference in my thought patterns... sometimes a change of scene can help. Stay strong!
If you need a reason to not commit suicide just look at how it destroys everyone who that person meant anything to.  The ripple effect has a very far reach (as you see since if affected you too).  Just that alone - knowing what it'd do to anyone I care about - is enough to keep that option off the table for me.  Stay strong - stay sober - and stay alive.
First there is nothing you could have done.  ..Second congrats on your 25 days those early days are hard enough without external events like this...  and a couple of drinks are only going to make things worse much worse...keep doing keep posing....
