-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbm5xt/i_dont_know_how_to_start/

In 2017 I emigrated across the world to Brazil where I had no friends or family and didn't speak the language. I moved because my husband wanted to (he speaks fluently and holds a passport) and I thought it would be an adventure. Since moving here though my drinking has started to spiral out of control and I don't know how to go about taking the first step to stopping. He's often away for work and I drink because I'm lonely. I'm really underconfident speaking the language and I've really struggled to make friends. I'm scared at how normalised daily drinking has become for me and I really want to change my life I just can't see a way out. My husband knows I have a problem and is very supportive but I'm doing the classic alcoholic thing of hiding the extent of my drinking from him so he doesn't realise how bad it's become. I'm lonely and depressed and I could really do with some advice on how to take the first step to breaking the habit. I don't want to live like this any more but I don't feel like I have the willpower to go a day without it. Any help would be appreciated thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there fiend! I too have drank like you before and now how awful it is. Do you know if there is anyway you can go to a detox/inpatient program? Being able to get off of it cleanly is important.
Are there any other ex-pats around or groups you might be able to find? AA meeting? I haven't traveled much but I've heard that it's surprising the places that you'll find an AA meeting. The host of the podcast "Recovery Elevator" has traveled a lot and talks about it. ..For me I just kind of immersed myself in sober things: this group books podcasts etc. It helped me feel less lonely and I learned as much as I could about alcohol and addiction.
I've gone through bad periods like this in foreign countries and it is REALLY hard. You're off to a great start by finding an online community. ..Good suggestion above but also even finding some other English speakers (healthy ones) can go along way to help with the isolation. Have you tried looking on Meetup? There are often English speaking ones for expats. ..Also get outside in nature or at least a quiet park as much as possible. ..Finally there are lots of English speaking therapists that specialize in expat issues and give sessions via Skype. Some googling should get you started. ..Good luck. Big hug
I had family living outside of our country  they found a group of ex-pats.   Maybe something like that where you are?  Maybe call the embassy of your country?  ..I am glad you reached out to us we are always here!  ;)..IWNDWYT
