-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbrei7/3_months_sober_today/

3 months sober today! There are no words for how amazing I feel. My life has done a 180 in the best of ways. If you're struggling with addiction don't give up. It's hard and brave and every day counts...I left my fiance and it was mutual and was the best decision I've made other than getting sober. ..Since getting sober my children love me again. They have their mom back. My 17 year old daughter comes and chats with me daily now my son hugs me for no reason and is now for the first time ever having friends over and having them stay the night. And you know what's really freaking awesome? My daughter is in track and my son plays tennis and I get to go to their games. Because I'm sober. I've missed a lot of events because of my inability to control my drinking problem...My new job is amazing. I'm good at it and I'm there everyday with a smile on my face and a motivation to succeed. ..I'm finishing up a bowling league and it was such an amazing new endeavor and I enjoyed it so much and can't wait to do another. It also helped me acclimate being around alcohol and it was actually a lot easier than I thought. I was having fun with my friends. Sober. The feeling I get is hard to describe...I'm doing a coffee and canvas painting class next week by myself. ..I'm setting boundaries and speaking my mind and learning day by day who I am. I love myself now. I'm PROUD of myself now. ..It's a journey into new territory where I literally have to reteach myself not only how to live without alcohol but to learn and explore what I want to do and what I'm interested in...For the first time ever I see hope on my future. I have dreams goals and aspirations. ..I could have died that night. Instead I am lucky and I get another chance. I'm not taking it for granted.
----------immediate responses--------

You sound amazing well done
Congratulations Suzy. Beautiful post. Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT  
It is self empowering. IWNDWYT.
