-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbrylb/ltheanine_wow_the_notion_of_not_drinking_is_no/

I've had crippling insomnia. Of course being on this subreddit I am a drinker. I won't lie I drank some today but am cutting down and down and down. Went from a fifth and a half a day to 3/4 of a fifth. Also have a heavy GHB habit...My sleep has been HORRIFIC. Even drinking and doing other GABA-b ergic substances such as phenibut and GHB I've been averaging 3 or 4 hours of sleep each night then proceeding to work between 8 and 12 hour shifts. Destroying my mind body and dare I loosely say "soul" but today I got some l-theanine (the calming ingredient in tea) which also loosely effects the gaba receptors like alcohol does...It doesn't release gaba like alcohol but simply makes those receptors that each and every one of us here have abused more sensitive. I AM NOT RECOMMENDING THIS TO YOU..This is anecdotal. I am simply in disbelief with this right now. My craving is still there but my God. I can finally sleep again. I feel like I'm one step closer to getting clean. I can sleep and evaluate my decisions. It's a beautiful feeling considering the contrary of blurriness from insomnia. I can sleep! You have no idea how much this means to me!..I've all but destroyed the relationships with my family and stopped talking to friends but each day I'm closer to finally smashing that bottle my friends. I'm one step closer to my last drink...With how much I drink now I can't quite go cold turkey because I live in fear of a seizure (which I've had before) but goddamnit! I'm closer. ..I realize that almost every massive terrible event in my short life (19 yrs old drank a handle every other day for 3 yrs) was caused mostly by alcohol and partly by drugs. ..For the first time ever the simple idea of recovery doesn't feel like a fantasy it feels like a near reality. I hope i never relapse but if I do I know it's another step towards recovery...I woke up after a tremendous nap because I took l-theanine and it's the first DEEP sleep I've had in ages. ..Like I said I'm not saying do this yourself. This is just a euphoric rant. ..I can't wait until I can say IWNDWYT but when I don't have ant whatsoever my hands shake vigorously but I am on a steep taper. Give it a week and I will be clean!!!! It finally feels like a reality and not a fantasy.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT. Blessings.
Great job and I hope you stick with it
Isn't it wonderful to be able to sleep again?    L-theanine helped me immensely with my insomnia as did passionflower.
