-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbut56/been_through_a_lot_and_booze_is_my_crutch_need/

My identical twin brother and only sibling drank - a lot.  I did too - probably not unusual for identical twins ( one egg split vs two eggs with fraternal twins ).  He ended up being in the hospital twice for pancreatitis but also for suicide attempts and osteo-necrosis (had to have a shoulder and hip replaced in his 30s because of booze)..He had enough of this and put the barrell of a 45 colt into his mouth and pulled the trigger a handful of years ago. ..The grief and despair were/are ineffable...I thought hard about drinking and realized it was the booze that killed him not the gun.  It was hard but I quit drinking after going to Peru and doing Ayahuasca.  Went back once per year every year and had 4 years sober. .. Then last year my mom went into a beach bathroom stall poured gasoline all over herself and lit it. To say the grief is ineffable is an understatement.  ..Since then I started drinking hard again. Really hard. I'm sequestered in my home (I work from home about 30 minutes from civilization) and I just feel like I'm sliding south.  I've been through AA - not for me.  SMART is a lot better - but a long drive.  I'm really struggling to keep it together - anyone have tips for someone in a relatively rural place? Dealing with suicides sucks.  My identical twin - best bud and soulmate and then my mom.  Only me and Dad left.  My alcoholic voice says "Can you blame me for drinking?"  While I slowly put my life in the toilet.  Please help - drinking is making everything worse. If you have words or sayings that have helped you get out of the downward circular spiral please share.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh my gosh I am so so sorry for the loss of your mom and brother. That is a lot to bear. I'm not sure about rural resources but maybe if you went to a SMART meeting you could ask about meeting somewhere a little closer to home at times or if you get to know some people who attend you could maybe meet up elsewhere or just do some activities together sober? Does SMART have sponsors? That could help though I haven't tried it. You've done this- you've had a hard hand dealt to you and I would likely relapse too. Maybe you could try to travel again? Would you be open to talking to a therapist or do you? It sounds like you truly want to be done with it so that's huge. You can do it. Sending you hugs and support.
Whenever I've been extremely low I tell myself that the only way out is through. ..You've been through so much I can imagine that you want to try and elevate the pain. But there is no substitute for grief. It is clear you know that already so this is just a confirmation that the only way to stop feeling the grief is to feel the grief. ..I work from home too - that can really add to getting trapped in your own mind. I'm still figuring out how to handle that but I just wanted to say I know how that feels. ..Please keep fighting. Don't give up not on life or sobriety.
I had to be willing to do anything to stop. I had to be willing to do anything to deal with my underlying problem and find peace. AA promised both if I were only open honest willing and accepting. If I left the  debate club' and started working for what I wanted.   You say you've  been through' AA. What does that mean? That's not a term I've heard from even the crustiest old aa veteran with 40-50 years sober when referring to the program.
I'll go ahead and say it.  No I honestly don't blame you one bit for drinking.  Not at all. ..If I were in your shoes I would absolutely have to reach out to a therapist or a higher power.
I'm a loner. I quit without AA or rehab. I read and continue to read a lot of memoirs written by alcoholics. I visit the community a lot to read new peoples stories to give support. I like the chat a lot as well. Video games help I like being able to disconnect and exist in another world for a little bit. Tomorrow is 100 days for me if I can do it then you definitely can! I will not drink with you today :)
I'm incredibly sorry for your loss and can only imagine how you're feeling. I too have lost my mother and brother though to different circumstances (my brother is still alive although I'm not sure for how long; it's been years since we've spoken). Depending on your relationship perhaps your father could be a source of support? I imagine he needs you too. My dad hasn't always been that helpful...I honestly have no real words of wisdom but my hope is that you don't give up on yourself and call upon everything you can to survive this. You deserve it. I haven't always believed that and at barely a month still don't most days...you got me with what you said about losing your soulmate(s); I've often felt the same way. Not to mention I live in a rural area and have had negative experiences with AA...just please stay on this planet and this sub so we can know you're OK.
