-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bbx05g/thoughts_on_day_100_from_a_doubting_thomas/

I check in a lot here but don't post much. I just reached 100 days for the first time in my adult life (I'm 37) so that feels great. ..I've been so inspired by everyone here and all of their struggles the kinds of things that people talk about on SD don't come up in real life (at least not in the circles I run in). So thank you all for your courage and sharing...I stopped drinking on Jan 1st because I have for the last three years (two dry januaries and now this ongoing experiment) but this time I wanted to take it farther. I don't have a dramatic rock bottom story I just wanted a change in my life and started to feel like alcohol was kind of getting in the way of everything...I can't report some sort of magical transition over 100 days. I've taken a selfie every day I look basically the same. I haven't gained or lost weight. My problems are still problems.  I do feel much more able to tackle my problems - and everyone has problems. They are a little easier to confront. My gut does feel a little better. I have surely saved thousands of dollars by this point... yet I don't know where they are piling up because they aren't in my bank account :-) I digress...Anyway this is a bit diffuse as a post but I wanted to say thank you to all of you for reading and writing; sobriety for me is a quiet interior pleasure. There is a space - and absence - that sobriety has created but from time to time I think that the field is growing over with flowers. It is still a process. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the flowers in the meadow analogy. I'm also just over 100 days sober no rock bottom kicked it off so I haven't had big problems melt away due to sobriety. .  But like I've read from other posters in this sub I can at least see that drinking doesn't improve any problem.     .  Congrats on your 100 days..IWNDWYT.
Love this: 'quiet interior pleasure'. I can relate to your story and too felt alcohol was getting in the way. I feel better look fresher in the morning and feel a sense of mental freedom. Thank you for posting!..IWNDWYT
I drank for decades but was always one of those high-functioning types so it was easy for me to push off change for another day or to deny a need to change at all. That also meant that there were times after I quit when I felt a bit like you: is this really worth it? Did my problem warrant this dramatic change? That was merely the alcohol talking though as it tried to figure out a way to trick my brain into drinking again. The positive changes can be subtle but I can tell you from my experience that from about day 100 on things really really got noticeably better. From time to time that sneaky voice says to me: "if you drank just once you could remember how bad it feels and prove to yourself just how far you've come." No way dude. I may not remember exactly how bad I felt about myself at the time that I finally quit but I don't need to. Trust that the changes ARE there. Just give it time and don't look for fireworks--just notice the little things about yourself that have changed.  Notice when you handle a challenge differently Notice when you take an interest in something new. Notice when you appreciate beauty in the world in a way you might not have before. Notice when you go to sleep at night with a clear mind. Notice when you wake up strong and ready to face the day. Those changes all add up. We all know that sobriety is a better option no matter how big or small its changes. I mean really: how could it not be?
I think about getting drunk and while I love the manic beginning of the bender it always ends in tears...My family are loving me sober and it's a joy the darkness is still there still waiting for me to fall into the abyss but for now life is nice work is still challenging health still troublesome but I know the pain of the aftermath of drinking...Some people can control their drinking and enjoy it what it is and that is admirable but for addicts there is no control...I hope you find that you don't need it if it's a problem for you good luck on your journey...IWNDTWY
Greetings my fellow 37 year old 100 day sobernaut! I will not drink with you today!
&gt;alcohol was kind of getting in the way of everything...For me alcohol actually was everything.  That needed to change.  Way to go on 100 days!
