-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc17h6/how_long_did_it_take/

I'm just wondering how many years did people spend drinking?   Then how long did it take for you to stop?  Sometimes I feel like I can do this and I'm hopeful and other times I feel worried that I can't.   I've spent about two tests driving pretty regularly and have had periods of soberity but I haven't been to sustain it.   I know it's never too late but I've been struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 42 and have drank (In varying amounts) since I was 14. The last 7 years have been the heaviest by far. ..You can do this. I just hit 100 days and I'm never going back to the bottle. ..Make a plan and choose every day (maybe every minute) to not drink. Come here for support. Distract the shit out of yourself and dont always listen to the voice in your head never listen to the addict voice that says you can drink again or just have one. ..Rinse lather repeat!..Iwndwy
12 years or so with some months of sobriety sprinkled in. Funny thing is when I started wanting to quit and trying on my own that's actually when my drinking got much much worse.
I drank for 20. The last 6 with increasing quantity in both time and liquid and the last 2 with unsustainable levels of drinking to the point of I either quit or I'll be broke sick or dead sooner rather than later. I tried sobriety and moderation for those 2 years but one thing always led to another and I'd find myself in a worse spot than before. I went on a ski trip where I was just blasted for 5 days and came home and wondered what positives do I get from drinking and the answer is none which started my journey...The struggle is real but once you make the decision sub-consciously and consciously it becomes a lot easier. Using this sub and reading about alcohol and addiction has made a huge difference and been a huge help...I will not drinking with you today.
I'm 28. I've been binge drinking daily for about a year a half. I had absolutely no interest in drinking until I was about 23 and then once I started I immediately showed addictive behaviour even though it wasn't daily or all that often.   ...I've been struggling to stop for about 6 months with a lot of failures in there- most recently yesterday. But every time I fail I learn a little more about how to do this for the long haul. I've learned that it's ok to want that drink but it's not ok to take it. It's ok to feel sad and frustrated. It can suck sometimes. It's hard. It really is worth it though.
I had my first "drunk" at the age of 15 but didn't start drinking regularly until 18. By 22 I recognized that I had a problem. I made a serious attempt to stop when I was 30 though I refused to try AA. I lasted four months before going back out. I then drank for six more years before quitting for good at 36. I'm now almost two years' sober and am a happy customer of AA.
I drank from my early teens to my late twenties. Experimented unsuccessfully with moderation for a couple years. Then finally quit drinking age 28. I'm 29 now...I know people who quit drinking much earlier than me. And on the other side my dad got sober at age 59 (he just hit four years sober) after many decades of alcohol abuse...I believe it's never too early and it's never too late. We can reclaim our lives from addiction. You can do it!!  
Ten years drinking in problematic way. Two seconds to stop: repeated with saying "NO!" to each craving. The cravings are like street beggars--the more I say NO the less they ask. I don't know when they'll stop asking but I have faith they will. If they don't I'll keep saying NO to ingesting poison...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
It took 8 months between my first drink and my first attempt at recovery. After 2 years of sobriety I relapsed and it took me 3 years of gnarly benders for things to get bad enough to want to get sober again...Everyone's path is different. For some people their bottom can simply be the realization that they cannot take just one drink and others need to really barbecue their lives. ..It's okay to struggle. If you don't get sober today then today is another part of your story. It will be another day you look back on to remember how frustrating and hard it was and that will give you strength. ..IWNDWYT
I started binge drinking at 13. I was an everyday drinker at 24. At 34 I'm still trying to quit for good but for the last 2 years I've been drinking about once a month 6-10 drinks. Keep trying. I keep trying. Eventually it will stick forever. IWNDWYT
Drank very heavily for 12+ years and spent the last 5 of those trying to quit relapsing often and rarely making it past a day or two. It took me a really long time to finally manage getting sober but I'm currently at 15 months now :)
