-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc2dbb/just_a_reminder/

If you are struggling with depression or anxiety exercise can really help. I know this must get brought up a lot here but I just started jogging and lifting weights again and the difference it's making in my mood is incredible. I cannot stress enough how little I'm doing; I ran for literally 5 minutes. I literally couldn't do one single push up yesterday so I just lifted some milk cartons filled with water. Seriously for like one minute.  Last night I slept really well and today I could do one push up and I ran for like 5 minutes and one second. The point is those numbers don't matter at this point. I just feel SO much better. Food tastes better. Music takes over my soul. Sitting on a chair is something that I am profoundly appreciative of at the moment. ..So yeah if you've ever done this (work out) before you know what I mean and just take this as a reminder. I got a reminder earlier this week from a you tube video and finally acted on it and it has made all the difference. I am not exaggerating when I say that even this small amount of exercise has already been more effective than all the medication I've ever tried combined. I repeat I am not exaggerating on that point. Your mileage may vary but it can't hurt to TRY and its free...Anyway best to you all
----------immediate responses--------

This is so true! This should be a pinned post. I know I feel great after exercise but once I get accidentally sedentary I always forget it or underestimate its effectiveness. I got back into my routine (just walking) two weeks ago and feel great. I'm just back from a walk and my thighs are killing me (loads of climbing) but my head feels clear and amazing.
God I need to get up and exercise!! Thank you for the reminder that I will not regret it!!
This is so true! I feel way more depressed on days I dont exercise.
I go to the gym and run 2 miles almost every day. Its a way to  look after the most important thing  I own. The gym is 45 minutes  for me and its my time for me
Rock on you! I've been trying to get back into my flow too. After years of self harm via alcohol abuse my resilience is low my stamina is shot and my waistline is at an all time high. But! I've been walking everyday running in spurts at times and committing to me. It's extremely hard to not compare current me to past me though. Previously I could run for miles and miles without batting an eye (yeah like run a half marathon distance some days because I could) and losing weight was easy peasy. Not so much currently but shall see down the road. My current successes might seem minor in comparison and that shit caused me to not even want to try but I'm god damn doing something. And that's a lot more than nothing eh. Keep on trucking I intend to do the same!
