-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc3rib/4000_sober_days/

I believe alcoholism wants to separate me from others.  It wants me alone in a room with a bottle.  If I can give just one suggestion to others who are struggling it would be to get connected.  Get connected here on this sub but also get connected in real life with others who are like you.  ..Thank you for my sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations slouchy!!!  I know a lot of hard work went into that number.  Looks good on you 
Woohoo! Congrats on 4000 Slouchy!..Thanks for your wisdom - you're an inspiration.
Just OUTSTANDING!
Congrats. Inspiring.
Congratulations and thank you for your suggestion. IWNDWYT  
Congrats and great advice.
Damn is that 12+ years very impressive. I bet you are doing great
That's awesome! After all that time do you still struggle occasionally or are you past that?
Great advice!
You're an inspiration for all of us! Congrats  
That's awesome! It really does take one day at a time
Way to go!  Great milestone.
I love these mile stones. They feel great. Please keep up the great work.  You are a true inspiration for us all to follow...Your Friend John        
Yes especially IRL.... I feel that. Congrats Slouchy!
Truth!!!  
I also ended up drinking alone for many years.
Congrats
Wow!
Heyo congrats on your 4000 days! My alcoholism does the same thing sneaky bastard addiction is. Thanks for sticking around here and staying connected to this sub!
Thanks for this wise and concise advice. Those of us who are still new to our journey can really benefit from reading thoughts posted by someone as far along as you. It just occurred to me that I never made it all that far in life beyond 4000 days of sobriety--from the moment I was born that is until I got drunk for the first time. With a little luck (I am 48) I can make it another 10 years or so and reach 4000 or even 5000 days on the other end of life! I hope you enjoy another day of sobriety.
Congratulations!!!
HUGE number congrats!!
Congratulations &amp; thank you for sharing your thoughts.
