-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc7h1l/51_days_and_struggling/

Hi all..I stopped drinking to save my marriage. I was getting to angry when drinking. It's been 51 days and lately it's been so hard on me. I have turned to candy to replace alcohol and have gained weight as a result. I dream of buying alcohol and every night I have fantasies of going to the liquor store. I get so anxious I have to take anti anxiety meds. I have gotten so depressed since I quit drinking. I hope these feelings of anxiety  depression anger and pain get better sooner than later.  I joined this group to be around people who knows what it feels like. I have read many of your stories and I hope I can be as strong as many of you here. .Thanks...H0logram
----------immediate responses--------

Not sure what I can say for encouragement but you have done the right thing coming here. IWNDWYT
Thanks I appreciate it :)
Hang in there. Have you tried AA or Smart Recovery? Sobriety is isolating. I've been drunk for over half my life and it's like I'm learning how to be a human for the first time. The positive  I love being sober!  posts almost make it worse for me. I don't like being sober but it's better than being dead. There's a light at the end of the tunnel hopefully. You're worth discovering the light. If being a drunk was better you wouldn't have decided to get sober. I'm proud of you. Solidarity my friend.
I too have been dealing with extreme depression and anxiety since quitting. I've done lots of research and discovered that from all the years of using substances to escape pain and find pleasure neural pathways get messed up.  I think it'll take time to rewire the brain. ..I think you're really strong for going 51 days and you're doing great!
Find the space....there is a space between your crazy addict ego/brain and your real true self. We are life not this crude physical matter...I experience exactly what you do and it comes in such waves I can barely exist without wanting to block it all out with booze...Go out into nature alone a forest a park somewhere alone and calm your mind soon your true nature will present itself and calmness will be revealed. Then you can reengage with the reality of your awareness....of course that means the noise and stress and fear and addiction but you can always find that quiet space even in the noisiest of environments...I find this helps it's hard to hold onto in the depths of the real world chaos you just have to practice. I'm no expert but it does work...Peace and love to all who don't drink today...IWNDWYT
Hey friend. I dont know if this is relevant to you but I know that around Day 60ish I experienced a *lot* of depression that felt like it came out of nowhere. Like the mental health side of my recovery took a nosedive. This is apparently something called PAWS (post acute withdrawal syndrome). I felt like I'd been body slammed by negative emotions. I still get little waves of it every now and then but it's much much more manageable (and it sounds like you've already given yourself some tools for success in the form of medication). Remember: our brains are totally rewiring themselves after a particular and very simple reward system dominating them for a long time. It's okay to feel shitty it means your brain is doing hard work and you are honoring that work by not drinking...Another poster suggested exercise being helpful and I'll second that. Finding a reason to get outside each day even just for a walk has helped a lot. Sometimes I'll cry on my walks lol or they don't magically fix things in the moment but I think being in nature helps us remember that our bodies and minds deserve nice things (like nature and fresh air and sunshine and seeing ducks playing). Be gentle on yourself about the candy. It's helping you do what needs to be done for now...Sending peace and solidarity. I remember how hard those angry/depressed periods were for me around day 50/60 and am sorry you're experiencing a similar pain. It will be okay just ride through.
Congrats on 51 days! I know you can get over this hurdle!
