-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bc9n58/unable_to_communicate_and_be_open/

I want to share but something stops me. Even in therapy (which I'm revisiting after a long hiatus) i can't get much out. I like the therapist I trust him I go in planning on talking about certain things and I just stay quiet answer with the least amount of input needed. A lot of the stuff I'm struggling with I think I'm scared to even admit to myself. I busy myself to the point I really don't have the time to think and time just passes. My therapist asked me to share in group (I'm in an outpatient program currently) just a bit to be vulnerable and see how it feels. I told him one on one a little about my current thoughts but just the surface stuff and I didn't say anything in group. I'm not shy i just can't seem to be vulnerable or ask for help. I'm turning 31 in a few weeks and I think for the first time I'm scared that maybe I can't do it all on my own but I don't even know where to start or how to take down the stone wall that I've hid behind for so long. Most people think I'm so put together but I feel like the foundation is starting to crack and the walls are falling down.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you already are starting you're in a program you're here you began to share even a little. It's ok to take small steps and I think you're right none of us can do this on our own.
I very much relate to this I'm a fellow non-sharer. I used to think I was an island my default program is still to handle everything myself to not trust anybody and to not share my feelings. I don't have a magic solution to this nor do I necessarily think it needs one. I'm in a period of my life where I'm trying to be more open with my feelings to be more trusting of others to do this bonding thing and it's hard but I'm finding it valuable. At a later point in my life I may take a total reverse. Who knows. Most of the time when I let people in I'm glad and they are good to me. Sometimes they are horrible. My decision to let them in or not seems irrelevant to what kind of person they are or their effect on me and if I close myself up then I never get to experience the people who are kind gentle and supportive. I figure that price is worth it.
Being vulnerable is terrifying. It's also deeply rewarding and connects us to life and everyone around us. It can be practiced just like any other thing and in time it gets easier. Start by being vulnerable with yourself. Admit to yourself that you're scared  say it's ok to be scared and that you love yourself anyway. Even if it doesn't sound like the truth in time it will.
