-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bclp6j/the_monster_we_become/

Hi everyone!..I was at my usual AA meeting tonight and one of the members talked about going to a wake earlier today. It was for a friend of his who had been sober and then relapsed and he mentioned that there was nobody else there it was just him. ..I have no doubt that if I relapsed it would end up killing me in one way or another and probably sooner rather than later. And I isolated a lot in my addiction. It is not hard for me to imagine myself in his friend's place...He went on to say that his friend had been a very nice guy. Until he relapsed and he became a jerk. Then he quietly said with a lot of kindness in his voice  You know the monster we become. ..I do know. I was not my best self in a lot of ways before I got sober. And I didn't even recognize it. I was so wrapped up in myself and disconnected from the world that everyone else was living in that I couldn't even see what I was doing to the other people in my life how I was affecting them with my sharp tongue and disappearing act and self-obsession and self-pity. I felt justified in almost everything that I did and when I didn't feel justified it gave me an excuse to beat myself up. I didn't try to change my behavior or address the issue...The monster I became is not me. I am responsible for the way I behaved and all of my actions. I have some things that I'm working on learning about how to live life. I have some things to address and I've made mistakes and I've hurt people. But the monster that I am when I'm active in my addiction is not me. I don't have to let that define who I am. I can be a different person in recovery and I am a different person. ..I'm discovering that real recovery is about so much more than just taking the booze and drugs away. It's taken me eight years to get these eight months - I spent a lot of time thinking that if I could just stop drinking I could keep everything else in my life the same and I would be fine. That's not how it has worked out for me. I'm learning that I have to make recovery a part of how I live my life. I don't just have to add in recovery related activities on a regular basis I also have to change my thinking and address the hurt and fear and anger that fed my monster in the first place. My priorities have changed because they had to. It's the only way for me to survive...I'm not perfect. The longer I'm sober the more I'm realizing how far I have to go. That's okay. I know that as long as I stay sober I get support and I make recovery an ongoing part of my daily life I'll be able to work on what I need to work on and I'll grow how I need to grow. ..I'm so grateful for my sobriety. I'm so grateful to be alive and fully living. I hope that you all are well. I send my love and gratitude for all that you've done to support and assist me in this journey. It's been a road. And we've got a ways to go. Let's see what the future holds shall we?..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

   I'm glad we're here.  Great post
The monster we become. Sigh. Thank you for sharing this. I needed to see this. Even in sobriety the monster continues to show. The days have been relentless and I'm not coping very well with the anger and rage. My dad (who I'm terrifically upset at) is in pain and I'm being mean and short to him. This is not me. This behaviour causes me pain because I am not this monster. I'm wandering around frustrated at the house some staff who are unwell and took an ill day (????? they have the right to take a day off!!!). These are some of the parts of my shadow - the angry raging entitled frustrated person who turns to alcohol to manage this. I have to change my thinking and sobriety really really helps me do that work. Coming here gives me hope and dignity ...Let's see what the future holds! Great post.
Great post I love you writing Ginger. I can relate to a lot. Thank you again for sharing. IWNDWYT
This do recognizable. And such a good reason not to drink. I really upset my self and others when this monster comes around. I'm so much more fun and loving without it. I hope I'll never have to deal with it again...IWNDWYT
