-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcmazc/it_was_in_my_clammy_hand/

My husband and I are on vacation in Sanibel Island and he wanted to stop by a liquor store. I went in with him and had some spiked water in my hand and was about to go to the register when I totally stopped and thought about what I was doing. I ended up buying an overpriced super neat-o water bottle instead and walked out booze free. Normally on this vacation I drink.... a LOT but I didn't give in tonight. Tomorrow will be another struggle with it's own challenges but I'll worry about that then. One step at a time.... I'm proud to be almost 26 days sober!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing!! IWNDWYT
  IWNDWYT
Congratulations.  Great job!!
Good job. IWNDWYT
Legend...! One day at a time. Some days for me are hell some are quiet doable.....fight the good fight whenever you beat it..it's such a great feeling.....IWNDWYT
Keep it up Karma!  You got this.  Few more days will take you to a month!
Good job. You passed another test. It gets easier as time goes on. I suspect that time and experiences gained being sober on your vacation will by far outweigh the short term pleasure of having those first 1-2 drinks. IWNDWYT
Well done! So close to a month :)
I spent a month on Sri Lanka. Hot humid and beautiful wanting a beer desperately.  I played the tape forward and never picked one up and didn't blow 6mos of sobriety.  Made me stronger.  This event made you stronger!.IWNDWYT!
Sanibel Island is beautiful! You will enjoy it so much more sober. Happy shelling!  
So true. The temptation is there but not drinking feels so!!!!! Much better. Happy Cay!! Sanibel is gorgeous.
Well done!
Woohoo!
Great job!!! Vacations especially around warm weather are not easy
Amazing. That is serious control and commitment. Good for you!!
Well done.
Stay strong and this will be the vacation you remember because you stayed sober! Every day will be awesome because you aren't hung over!
26 days on vacation! I'm impressed and proud of you! And because of your good decisions in the store today (or tomorrow depending when you read) will be a better day due to that choice. IWNDWYT!
You should probably have a conversation with your husband about putting you in situations like that.
I love Sanibel Island we had one of our best family vacations there. I hope you can make it today. We lived eating at the Island Cow restaurant. You can do this! Congrats on 26 days.
Your vacation just got even better because of that single decision! Congratulations! I hope you enjoyed the ish outta that neato water ;)
[removed]
Congrats.
Good on ya!  Thanks for sharing!
Good for you! And I'm glad you got that water bottle. Not only is it handy it's also a trophy of your refusal to drink that day.  You'll remember that each time you use it see it touch it and that will rehearse and revalidate your satisfaction in not drinking. Sobriety is like a muscle and that touchpoint of the water bottle will actually help exercise it.
Great job! There is a neat AA meeting right on the beach on Sanibel tomorrow morning. Even if you are not into meetings this one is pretty cool. Grab a LaCroix cheers and greetings from Fort Myers Fl.
Congratulations on your success in staying sober. This is a great story  to hear
I have been drunk on that island before. Great place. I am now heading to Florida next week for yet another sober vacation. Back then I never thought it could be done. Enjoy   
Love to you!  .This is a great story...
I will for what it's worth add a little bit more support. ..1 day at a time. ..Keep water with you and drink lots. Eat regularly. Plenty of rest...Check in 2 or 3 or more times a day here...Together we can do this...Happy sober holidays...You friend John.         ..      
