-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcq9dk/16_day_checkin/

It's been 16 days since I was taken to the hospital (again). (need a badge reset)..I was shaking so badly that I was wheel chaired out of there. ..When I was 3 yeas sober in the past I used to run a good 7-8 km a few times a week...This morning I woke up early and went for my first run. I struggled to do half of that. BUT I woke up early on a Saturday sober and decided to start my fitness journey again along with my recovery journey...I struggle when I'm sober with binge eating most people here seem to lose weight when they get sober. I gain. I've gone from 150lb-160lb alarmingly quickly (I'm a 6ft tall 29yr old male so I'm not concerned with that number just don't like that it's come from junk/salty food so fast). SO I'm trying to get back into healthy eating/running a few times a week...I'm struggling with going back to AA although I know I HAVE to my last post on this sub is another ramble about my issues with going back to AA but that's a whole other story...In other great news I'm actually about to graduate this Wednesday despite the drinking I still somehow am managing to pull off mostly good grades...Yay for sobriety. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I found myfitnesspal to be helpful w weight loss/maintenance. ..Welcome back!!
I relate on the binge eating in place of drinking.  Sometimes it feels like if I'm not doing one unhealthy  thing I'm doing another. I just keep telling myself top focus on one battle at a time
I'm in a binge eating phase now after a recent relapse. I know I can do it but I can't seem to access the part of my brain that makes good decisions right now. Good luck. IWNDWYT
I had a bunch of slips with my eating after I quit. My therapist says I have a need I was trying to fill by drinking and I'm trying to find other ways to get that need met. Casual sex sounds like it fits in that bucket too. But just resisting and denying the need with willpower isn't sustainable. I really recommend therapy if you're not trying it already. For starters it helped me be a lot kinder to myself in this struggle...You're smart to exercise -- it only helps. I hope you can figure out what you're looking for!
