-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bcs9d9/2_years/

Today marks 2 years..For me the second year was much easier in terms of chemical dependence.  The overall stress in my life has gone up 3 botched adoptions (fuck you very much Texas CPS) switched careers dropped 80 pounds put my T2 diabetes into remission and my wife is 4 months away from giving birth to my son but I feel so much resilient without alcohol...It took me 2 tries to get sober a 6 month stretch that convinced myself that i'm cured and then my drinking ramped back up to 4 bottles of whiskey a week.  ..For those that relapse I'd encourage you to keep trying...For those struggling I'd like to let you know that it gets easier...I'd highly encourage therapy in tandem with this process.  I found I was drinking as a coping mechanism for stress and to mask a lot of hidden pain that I was able to air out with the help of a mental health professional...It gets easier...I used to come here when I was struggling and sort by new and try to give encouragement to everyone struggling or without any comments but I haven't had time lately...I'd like to say thank you to this wonderful community.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job on 2 years! Glad things are going your way now! Be proud of yourself! I am so happy that I got sober! I already see so many positives. I never want to go back!  Glad to know it gets easier too! IWNDWYT
Congratulations and here's to another successful 2 years to come. Wishing you all the best.
We have some things in common.  Two years four months since I quit pattern of stopping similar and the 80 pound weight loss.  I believe I am older than you; so congratulations on finding the right path at a younger age.
Congratulations!!! I am at 693 days. I am hoping it will get easier. The cravings are more manageable but when they come I have to hang on for dear life. I have gained the weight I initially lost and feel disgusted with myself. I am always tired. I realize this is how I was when I drank too just unmasked without the buzz. I'm suffering the same pain without the blunting effects of alcohol. Have been in therapy nonstop since three months of rehab working very hard at work getting praise there but suffering in shame at my mistakes at work when they happen. Struggling. ..&amp;#x200B;..I am excited for your new baby. That's WILD!!! Joy is yours for the taking.
