-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd0wmx/the_truth_of_my_demise/

Summary: from the time I started really kinda knowing I had some sort of problem til now.....I know for me before I got sick I knew I wasn't healthy. I felt it in my body and I knew in my mind. But I knew that if I had alcohol in me then I'd be happy. If I didn't I felt terribly sick. And I had gotten good enough at getting my fix that I could have gone on forever or so part of me thought. ..But I also wasn't all that happy. I had withdrawn from my friends and realized I missed parts of conversations or events that happened. Either I didn't notice something at all that someone else would talk about or I wouldn't remember little details of a conversation when they were referenced later in other settings. I was only subtly aware of this but then I was also only subtly aware of the world in general numbed as I was. All of this bothered me and on some level deep down I started realizing that alcohol was a big part of my problem. ..At the same time I felt sluggish weak and fat. I knew I didn't look like the old me  hey we all get old right?  My stomach hurt all the time though. It would be really sensitive and I'd eat off cravings. Oh and acidic foods or drinks had to go down and sit just right to not cause a big stir. I knew deep down that alcohol was playing a part in that too. ..Thing is I had no clue what to do. I knew I couldn't stop by myself but never even seriously considered the idea of getting help til the second time. Yup. The second time. First time I had a wake up health scare (it sounds kinda dramatic if I say I nearly died but it's true. If it were up to me I'd leave it out but for my loved ones who suffered by my bedside I owe the truth. I'm still dealing with minimizing what happened) and still tried to do it on my own. ..It wasn't til I relapsed 3 months later and my boss caught on that someone said to me  hey Buddy it's okay. Get some help. You're not the only one who's ever struggled with this but it's time Man.  And so my life was about to be completely ruined. Work bringing consequences on me would have ruined my entire social world and that's when I decided to go willingly to the outpatient program. I did it and bought in completely. I was ready to change and learned a ton of tools. I gained new perspective and insight and was so happy and motivated to have my life back and be sober. We lost a friend and I watched others drown their sorrows in the bottle and I felt good about myself for dealing with the loss in both healthy and sober ways. Still relapsed afterwards.  But with control I thought. I could moderate and be okay. Any surprise that I couldn't? So I got caught. Had a good month tried secret moderation again. Got caught. The whole while I'm struggling every day. Mood erratic. Trying to be cool with the wifey. Learning and using some good sober tools and lifestyle choices. I was enjoying learning an instrument and everything. But it was hard. Relapses hurt so bad and were so frustrating. Especially hard because I had experienced such great sober success but still kept relapsing. I just wanted to be sober and happy. Then something happened. My wife and I decided to officially pursue our dream of retiring oversees. A plan with the time frame for execution of about a decade. ..We prepared to downsize and checked our long term budget against 1000 bad twists life could throw jumped into a real path toward something that once seemed like a dream that only lived in a bottle in my old life. Literally something I fantasized about when I was drinking but knew as the person I was at that time I didn't have the capabilities to do. During this excitement and stress I had my last relapse. It was at that time that I realized anything would be possible in my life with the power of my wife and I together and my sobriety. She'd been by my side the entire time. We are a great team and she has been an amazing asset to me throughout my life (if she just read that Baby really? I didn't think you'd ever snoop on my private recovery stuff) If I was sober I could learn to be happy. I already knew the promise of a sober mind from my earlier successes and I learned a bit about mindfulness from a therapist. This set me forth on a path of self discovery that will end one day with my last breath. I began realizing that I pretty much had a whole new brain to play with and this time I'm the one in control. This is my truth as I can best tell it now. ..One other thought after proof reading that. I said that I thought my social structure would collapse if I got in trouble at work. Really what I meant is that I was afraid that if people found out that I had a terribly toxic relationship with alcohol I would be judged shunned generally negatively regarded. And I should have know by the general support from friends and family after my health scare that I had support. People wanted me to go get help. They told me  you can't do this on your own.  And they were right. But to me they didn't know how bad my situation was. I could never tell anyone the real truth. Then I went to IOP and my first AA meeting and I got what they were talking about. The sense of understanding the powerless feeling that we all come to finally know. Realizing that you're powerless over alcohol and coming to grips with that reality really is a huge first step for so many of us. And it's hard to take that punch in the pride gut. But being around other people who have stood in there a faced that brings a sense of security. It's just not something that everybody in society understands and it's a really weird thing when you finally do. ..Anyways back to my point about my social structure I should have had more confidence in it than I did as I started recovery. Sure my friend circles have shifted but still remain very much the same. People I'm around drink but without my continued prompting throughout the day or night don't drink like they used to. And in all with time a new balance and normalcy has fallen into place. ..Alright obviously a lot on my mind. Hope this means something to someone besides me but if not what you just read means a lot to this recovering alcoholic.
----------immediate responses--------

Well said my friend...
It sounds like you are going really well now and I love your dream of retiring abroad.  I'm sure you will make it. And your wife sounds great too! IWNDWYT!
In reflecting on writing that I feel the desire to share that my purpose for writing that certainly wasn't to brag and I'm hoping most people didn't think that anyway. But I wrote it as an act of self centering. Focusing on what's in my control and the reality of my personal daily life as I weather quite a storm in the lives of others around me. I didn't realize that until after I wrote it and felt effects but for whatever reason I felt very drawn to write that whole thing out for the world to read. And I guess I'm just trying to encourage people to write for therapy. My iPhone probably wants its own therapy.
Thank you so much I'm am in a similar situation not the same but similar. I get treatment flourish after treatment do really well for my self but I just can't help myself one kind of major thing goes wrong and I for get everything and lose the tools. I don't know why. I have 3 relapses under my belt but I'm working my but off and I'm not shy to go to treatment if it happens again. Your story gave me hope in my own way. Thank you
