-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd3ez1/my_birthday_is_looming_around_the_corner_day_4/

My party will be at my MIL house tons of sober shaming is the usual there.. I feel great and am thinking so clear.. but seriously struggling with sobriety already and I'm worried my birthday party will be a disaster  
----------immediate responses--------

I remember in the early days I would just bring a LOT of my go-to drink. I play music with my family and as you can imagine there is a lot of friction with the stress of setting up blah blah blah. So we are playing for a graduation party open bar fight with my husband the usual. The first thing I did was leave and go get a coffee from Starbucks. The second thing was to drink grapefruit soda all night. But seriously maybe you could come down with the "flu" and celebrate your birthday by keeping yourself out of that situation? Or sit your MIL down and have a conversation? Sometimes if you include a doctor's suggestion it can help or tell a white lie that you are on antibiotics? You don't have to disclose your reasons to them. Good luck!
Since it's YOUR birthday can you determine how you spend the day celebrating it?  Perhaps choose a restaurant that will limit the amount of time with family that doesn't support your sobriety? Or talk to your significant other about how you feel unsupported with his/her family? I know family dynamics are complicated. Good on you for thinking through it ahead of time. Oh and happy birthday. :)
I think Fualcohol has some good suggestions. You're very early in your sobriety and have a lot to think about these days. If you can have an honest talk with your MIL ahead of time--or even just letting her know before the party that you're excited to celebrate and that you'll just be drinking (xyz n/a drink) then it will be less of a surprise or a big deal at the party. Or come up with some standard comebacks ahead of time like "Hey it's my party! I can do what I want!" ..Whatever you decide if you feel great now this is how you deserve to feel. Remember that.
I literally threw a stomping fit by myself in my bathroom on my birthday. I wanted to drink and I was pissed I couldn't. Celebrate has a totally different meaning when you are sober. Remember to think ahead. You don't want to have a hangover and you don't want to give power back to the drink. I didn't drink on my birthday but I damn sure wanted to. Stay strong. IWNDWYT
Everyone here has fantastic suggestions.  Hang in there and HaPpY BiRtHdAy    
