-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd5q2t/i_recognize_theres_not_one_single_victim_in_this/

I recently had some drama (and enormous drinking trigger) with the mother of my step sons. It was indirect but a reminder of what an immense victim she is and how she will  overcome  all the  pain  in her life.....Please don't take the quotes the wrong way. We all have pain and so does she. But hers.. well it's worse than all of ours. She must tell everyone all about it and how she will carry on despite it.....What I love is I never ever see that tone in here. We share immense socially unacceptable struggles and the tone is *always* looking for a solution trying again resilience and if not that then seeking connection and understanding - there is no  my pain is harder and worse than yours . I love this and believe it allows for true connections to be made.. to create real effects in each of our lives to make change if not easier less alone. So grateful I found r/SD..Sober cheers to you all!! IWNDWYT   
----------immediate responses--------

Pain is inevitable in life; Suffering is optional.
I read a lot of posts and I never read "my bottom was much worse than your bottom...; so you seem to be right.
This is a very good point . But there is no problem that alcohol can't  make worse.
It's true. I guess because everyone here is trying to take responsibility for their issues.
This is such a great point.  I agree with you that this sub is an amazing place full of people looking for ways that they can help themselves.  There is plenty of pain and sorrow shared here but never in a way that is meant to garner sympathy.  ..Thank you for pointing this out.  Iwndwyt!
I went to check into a rehab a couple years back.  The place was garbage and they sent me to their inpatient facility to be checked out before the intake.  The facility was a house that was not dissimilar to the Big Brother house.  It was ridiculous.  I sat down on the couch next to some girl who was coming off of heroin and on the TV was Law and Order.  As I was watching the program waiting to be called in the detective snarkily said "The mother's an alcoholic.  Don't you know alcoholics are always the victims".  I don't know why that stuck with me soo much.  Maybe it was the irony of the situation.  I guess that is societies take on alcoholism.  We are a sorry lot of "poor us" victims.  That has not been my experience...Needless to say I walked out of that ghetto ass scam of a rehab and checked myself into a hospital and have been sober ever since.  Almost 2 years.  Poor me  life is awesome.
