-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bd821o/struggling_with_rumination_over_what_alcohol_made/

By the end of my drinking I was a pathetic shut-in with no honesty self respect or purpose. I constantly let people walk all over me and had no sense of myself...I'm almost six month sober now which of course is great but I'm still struggling with rumination over who I became. I cringe constantly at how much of a pushover I was how much I let people disrespect me and never said anything (instead just drowning all my feelings on alcohol). A lot of this turns into resentment which I know is dangerous...Any help?
----------immediate responses--------

When we stop drinking we start to become who we should have been all along. You can't change the past but you can shape the future. Keep your head out of the past. "It's OK to look at the past but don't stare" and just keep doing the next right thing.
It's trite I know but for me it was time. Took a few years but I basically had to build myself up to where I could respect myself again. Working hard working saving. It will come.
Recovery - that is what it is - is a process.   There are a variety of tools - AA's 12 steps Smart's worksheets traditional therapy and more.  Try one try em all
What has happened to me is much less important than what I do next...Life does not intend for me to constantly rehearse that which has already occurred nor obsess about that which may not happen...The best use of the past is as a touchstone to inform my next choice...In that manner the past hurts harms embarrassments and shames can be transformed into something VALUABLE!..Making my next choice one that furthers my intentions and purpose.
I was confident quick witted and non apologetic before booze controlled my life for a year and a half. For an introvert I was fairly outgoing and open to new experiences. I knew what I wanted from life I was happy and I was content...One toxic relationship later and I was a shell of my former self. I was terrified of everything created my own self imposed exile and wanted to kill followed by killing myself. This went on for 18 months until last month when I decided enough is enough. ..Now I'm a month without booze. Not the longest I've gone but definitely the longest where I'm making the very conscious decision not to drink. I'm finally on the upswing but I have a long way to go before I'm fully healed. I can pinpoint exactly where I began to falter and now it's just a matter of figuring out how to make sure this never happens again...As for ruminating I have the same issue now. It makes me so sad to see how far I've fallen but now all I can do is pick up the pieces and do my best not to dwell on it. The past is one thing we have no control over so to dwell and be stuck in the memories of the path is more destructive than anything. All I can do is use it as a reminder as motivation to make sure it never happens again. Just existing in that husk of the man that once was is not a place I ever want to be again.
