-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bde6ey/impulse_control/

I drank on Saturday after another week sober I am a chronic relapser who will use any excuse. However this time was different there was nothing wrong my day was wonderful and I had no intentions of drinking. I feel even when I am in a good mood I want to drink to enhance it. My drinking never ends well it's always 15-20 beers later even though I convince myself  just a few  I really can't pinpoint my trigger the other night. What I will say is my bottleshop is 10 minute walk away and it was almost like I had no choice mentally to say no. I felt like I had an outer body experience and I watched myself walk to the bottleshop. Soon after I went back twice. 18 beers later I fell asleep no idea of the previous night. Sent stupid drunk texts abused people on my football subreddit blacked out and ate all the cannelloni my mum made for her friends lunch for Sunday. It's extremely disappointing especially when I feel like I am trying so hard. I wish I had more control over my impulses but for now it just seems like I am a ticking time bomb.
----------immediate responses--------

So now you're on day 2! Just like me!  I'm stunned with the fact that getting through a M-F week without alcohol is such a struggle for me.  I always have a trigger or make one up.. oh work was rough... someone at home is being too demanding.. etc etc.. And like you it's never ever just one or two drinks.  IWNDWYT.  Check in here often.
I think that the easy access to alcohol is an issue for me too. It's everywhere here in Japan. There's even a beer vending machine on the street outside the rehab clinic. Every convenience store has beer wine and liquor. Every restaurant serves alcohol and many places have  nomihodai  plans all you can drink in two hours for about twenty dollars. Temptation is all around.
Glad you're here...What would "success" look like for you?..What do you want for yourself?
the next steps are a bit personal because its about fixing relationships but what i will say is my next step that i can share is finding a full time job i lost my license for 2 years for a dui and im 6 months away from getting that back. So the routine of work and saving for a new car is definitely my priority. Think it will help me immensely!
Alcohol has a way of tricking us and taking control  of our brains. Telling us we can have a few without drinking to excess.  The people who are at SD including  me can't  drink moderately and that's  why we're here.  One drink leads to too  many and one night is every night. That dream of drinking moderately  is hard to give up.
