-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdiml7/just_another_manic_monday/

Hey everyone..I was at an AA speaker meeting recently where a guy started off telling his story by saying that he'd like to get a t-shirt with  HAS THE CAPACITY TO BE HONEST  in bold letters across the chest because he thought that it would be a funny nod to his life story that only people in AA would get. ..What that's referencing is a line from the Big Book Of Alcoholics Anonymous: *There are those too who suffer from grave emotional and mental disorders but many of them do recover if they have the capacity to be honest.* ..That meeting was just a couple of weeks ago but the humor has taken on a lot more resonance. I had a moment of clarity yesterday with regards to my mental health. I've been having some delusional thinking paranoia and intrusive thoughts over the past I don't even know how long. Year and a half? This may have been something that's been going on longer that was just covered up by my drinking I don't know but this particular set of symptoms started during my last relapse. (I wasn't drinking I was smoking a shit-ton of weed.)..As with my drinking I made up narratives in my head as to why what I was experiencing all made perfect sense. There was a perfectly logical explanation for what I was thinking and experiencing just like there was a perfectly logical reason why I had to chug so many bottles of wine. But in both cases I didn't share that perfect logic that rationalized my very real struggles with anybody else. I instinctively knew that they wouldn't understand (AKA they'd question my response to the situation they'd be troubled by what was going on and they'd want me to get help.) And I guess that I was getting something out of it that I didn't want to give up. Some of the delusions felt good and I didn't want to let them go or hear that they weren't real. Very similar to how drinking felt great a lot of the time or at least necessary...Alcohol is 100% my drug of choice and the main substance that I've consumed over the years. I identify as an alcoholic and I identify with other alcoholics when they talk about their experiences and share their story. That's why I'm active on here and in AA. But my last relapse was primarily smoking marijuana. I switched addictions because I knew that drinking was gonna kill me but I wasn't dealing with my alcoholism so I still had problems on the inside and I still sorta thought that substances could be the solution. (Status report: They're really not.)..And it looks like smoking all that weed has triggered some ongoing manic depression or schizophrenia or something. I've been clean over eight months now and I'm still having issues. It is time to face reality and it is time to talk about what is actually going on no matter how painful and embarrassing it is. One thing that I've learned from my struggles to quit drinking is that I have to be honest about what's going on with me even when I don't want to even when I just want to ignore it even when I think that I don't have to that I can just move on and fix the problem and nobody has to know. Like the hypothetical t-shirt points out my ability to recover will depend on me being honest. I now have to get honest about something else shameful that I'm in denial about. It sucks but this is what recovery requires and I want what recovery has to offer so I've gotta do it...I have an appointment to see my psychiatrist. I'm gonna check out a Marijuana Anonymous meeting tonight. I could use some real life support. And I'm gonna reach out to two women I know through AA. One of them has openly mentioned her own hospitalization for a psychotic break and she works as a mental health professional. The other smoked weed for many years after she quit drinking and she has dealt with some similar family background issues. ..I don't know how to talk about all this yet it's very new to me to even acknowledge it to myself. But I didn't know how to talk about my drinking and everything that went along with it until I started talking to people who were dealing with the same problem. I learned from them how to talk about it how to let go of my shame surrounding it and how to change and build a better life and move on. I'm sure that this is much the same and I don't want to let it rule my life for as long as I let drinking rule me before I get help. ..But I'm gonna take it in steps - I'm definitely doing the psychiatrist and MA meeting today I might not have it in me to do anything else about it. I'm worried that my psychiatrist is going to want me to do some sort of hospitalization which is dumb - I'm not a danger to myself or anyone else and I'm still functioning in society at large. I just have some bad ideas that my brain is telling me are real. ..I do need to call my AA sponsor today. She is quite worried about me I did something crazy and she thought that I relapsed. We talked yesterday and she was talking about how alcoholism is a disease of perception which makes sense and she's mentioned it before. I dunno I know that she wants to know more of the specifics of what's been going on and I'm not sure that I'm ready to get into it yet. ..My therapist is on maternity leave which is actually a relief - I can put off telling her about it for a while. My brain is telling me not to talk about this and I'm having a really hard time overcoming that impulse. Fuuuuuck. This all sucks. *But* I'm sober and I'm basically trying to do the right things so it will be fine. I will figure out how to ask for help. I will get the help that I need. I will keep trying to basically do the right thing. And eventually it will work out...There was another guy I saw speak at an AA meeting not too long ago who was talking about how at the end of his drinking and drug use he ended up in a mental institution and from there he spent several years living in a halfway genuinely incapacitated and unable to function in normal society. He's a totally normal looking suburban dad with a job and a family now I never in a million years would've guessed that he had anything REMOTELY like that in his background. Recovery is possible I have seen living examples. As long as I stay sober and I get honest I can recover...Wishing you all well sobernauts. Recovery is a fucking journey that's for sure. But I'm glad that I get to share it with all of you...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing post.  Thank you for that.  I luckily don't smoke weed or I am sure I could add that to my struggles but I definitely got out alot from your post.  If it provides you with any comfort I can definitely tell that you are well on your way into recovery and will succeed if you continue your journey.
Thank you. I need to get honest too. IWNDYWT
Hang in there. That was a great post. Lotsa love to you. IWNDWYT
