-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdldj9/longtime_lurker_taper_2_days_abstinent_after_4/

Hi all!..I've been lurking on and off for about a year now and have found this community to be full of helpful tips and support. Felt that it was finally time to introduce myself. I apologize in advance for the length; just need to get everything I've been holding in off of my chest...As far as the people around my who have struggled with alcohol abuse I'm a bit of an atypical case so I thought I'd share my experience in case anyone else finds it relatable...Background: .I'm 24 and until 2 days ago  I've been drinking daily (~5 drinks on average) for almost 4 years. Before this weekend I'd had maybe a total of 4 days fully abstinent since my daily consumption started. ..In high school and early college I rarely drank. I didn't enjoy the feeling of being drunk and I especially didn't like crowded bars full of kids my age sloppy drunk. Even since I started daily drinking I've never blacked out haven't vomited in years rarely get to the point of being visibly intoxicated and have only on one occasion made an ass of myself in public (I was still  in college at the time). .I've divulged my daily drinking to a few very close friends and they were all surprised. Outside of that group my friends and coworkers have no idea as I'm generally the most sober-looking/acting person in drinking situations. ..My daily drinking started when I was 20. I've always struggled with anxiety depression stress and insomnia and but I was going through a particularly hellish time and I found that a few drinks before bed helped me to unwind and get some sleep. ..Over time my  bad habit  escalated. Over the last few years I'd estimate that I averaged about 5 drinks per day. During my worst periods I'd have 8+ drinks for a few days in a row sometimes starting in the morning or early afternoon if I was particularly stressed or anxious. Even during those periods I rarely drank  to get drunk . I'd space my drinks out throughout the day only seeking to  keep the edge off  or in the evening maintain a light ~2-3 drink buzz. ..Either due to youth staying hydrated spacing my drinks out or sheer luck I rarely experienced hangovers. I've never had alcohol-related issues with employment relationships or the law and I have maintained good standing within a PhD program. ..Since what I enjoy most in life is reading writing and having intellectually stimulating conversations (I PROMISE that I'm not a pretentious asshole I just couldn't find a better way to word it) I genuinely dislike getting too drunk to do what I love. ..That said I frequently worry that I've done some cognitive damage. My memory concentration and processing-speed have always been poor but I frequently worry that these have gotten worse due to my alcohol abuse. ..Quitting/Cutting back:..I stopped drinking before class and work a few months ago so as to be more productive and cut back but I never gave myself any  dry days  for fear of experiencing withdrawal symptoms...I decided to taper down a few weeks ago after I started experiencing a number of frightening physical and psychological symptoms. The episodes began with something that resembled panic attacks without heart palpitations: visual distortions shaky limbs lightheadedness nausea absolute terror and the feeling that I was about to die/lose consciousness. These typically occurred the day after heavier-than-usual drinking and lasted anywhere from a few minutes to several hours. Though I never lost consciousness I became terrified that I was having seizures strokes or something else more serious than panic attacks. ..Outside of the acute episodes I began noticing light trails after images sudden changes in the apparent sizes of objects  brain zaps  and the feelings that I would suddenly  zoom in/out  of my own perspective. Other physical symptoms included a constant feeling of being bloated abdominal twitches and pins and needles on my head neck and arms. These symptoms persisted on a near-daily basis until I began tapering off of alcohol two weeks ago. They aren't fully gone but have mostly improved. ..The past week:.I limited myself to one drink per night last week and have been abstinent* since I woke up on Saturday morning. I work part time as a bartender so I was especially happy to make it through a night shift without drinking. ..*admittedly I did taste a few of the cocktails I prepared but the total amount of alcohol consumed was a few sips. Compared to my previous 4+ drinks per shift I consider this negligible. ..Moving Forward:..It's only been a little over two days of full abstinence but this is the longest that I've been without a drink in almost 4 years.  My fear of withdrawals is now gone which is reassuring since that was one of the biggest obstacles to cutting down/quitting. ..At the moment I don't know exactly what my end goal is.  Ideally I'd like to take a break to reset my mind and let my central nervous system adjust to life without alcohol. ..Since I've never enjoyed being DRUNK I don't think that I'd necessarily have a problem with moderate drinking once alcohol is no longer a daily habit. For me it's been easier to cut down and as of now quit by telling myself that I don't have to be abstinent for life. I really do like the taste of craft beer and nice wine and I enjoy the mixology aspect of bartending. For now I won't beat myself up for having a sip of a new wine or cocktail being added to the menu. ..Maybe I'm too optimistic which is why I'd like to give myself some time before testing the waters again. I need to find healthier coping mechanisms for my mental health issues. I no longer want to rely on alcohol as a crutch. ..I'm taking it day by day and today I will not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT.
Hi there. Of course only you will be able to determine if you can moderate or not eventually. It does sound by your description here that you suffer from quite acute anxiety.(I do as well). You said that may be a big reason you would drink at the levels you were. Try and find some assistance for that now that you are sober. Therapy mindfulness practice etc. You are young and our bodies have incredible healing capacities. Glad to hear you are making changes now! Good luck!
Thanks! Yes my anxiety has been awful since long before I started drinking...It's actually hasn't been as bad over the last week which reinforces my suspicion that drinking was beginning to make it worse..I plan on starting some kind of therapy this summer.
