-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdogfe/day_6_in_the_books/

Man you guys today was TOUGH. Nothing really awful but little things that added up. The cows got out and it was a real pain in the butt to get them back in. Then I came in found the teenager happily playing video games instead of helping me with the f&amp;*$ing cows. I grumped at her. She grumped back. And then snap.... my alchohol brain is telling me I really just need one drink to settle back down. And for awhile there I believed it. I really had to work through that. If there's anything that'll drive me to drink it's cows and teenagers. The combination can be brutal..Then I had to run to town and drove past the liquor store. It was all I could do to remind myself that as long as I made it home without liquor I'd be good for the night..But that voice! It's asking me questions I'm struggling to answer. Questions like "But really why does it even matter if you get sober?" or "Just a six pack tonight isn't really a big deal." (The voice doesn't even bother trying to convince me I'll just have one. We both know better.) "Hubby isn't going to be home for a couple days he doesn't need to know." "Think how relaxed you'll feel tonight with some beer to cuddle up with." Seriously that voice is so damn convincing. I couldn't even argue with it. It all sounded good. I just gritted my teeth and kept driving and got home...I've had 5 incredible days. Only 5... I'm kind of ashamed of that looking at some of you folks with 100 300 1000 days. And here I'm struggling through day 6. But yeah 5 great days. One crappy Monday. But truly I don't need Tuesday to start with a hangover. I already don't regret being sober right now. The teen is no longer grumpy. The cows are still in their corral. I made a chocolate cake with chocolate frosting after dinner when I'd normally be 3 drinks in and too tired to even set the coffee pot for tomorrow. I was frustrated today but didn't totally suck as a mom...So I kept my promise to myself. Now onward to day 7. I haven't been sober for a full week in over a year. I'm looking forward to being able to claim that. ..G'Night y'all. I hope your day was good and sleep well tonight! Thanks for dealing with my ramblin' on.
----------immediate responses--------

You did good! I don't have cows or teenagers to deal with but I'm all to familiar with a husband being away for a few days and the beer monster whispering in my ear so pat yourself on the back. And don't ever be ashamed of being on day 5 or 55 or even back on day 1 - be proud of every minute of every day that you're making this choice to do what's best for you!!
Good for you for making it 6 days!  Getting through those horrid cravings is awful. Great job on ignoring that lying addicted brain telling you what is the harm! That gets less and less as our brains heal. You got this! IWNDWYT
I'm on day 5 too! We got this and day 6!
Your ramble is inspirational! ..Can relate both to the cows and the teenagers congrats !
Good job.
Hey i was that teenager and there was no chance i wasn't helping get the cows back at our place. Fear is a shit motivation though- so be glad yr kid is comfortable enough to be a shit! ..I grew up with that farm=beer lifestyle and you are doing amazing to go a week! Don't worry about our numbers - the days just add themselves up and then before you know it it's almost 6 months and i have no idea how that happened! Go you!
In this with you!! Not cows and teenagers.. but 5 days alcohol free! Hosted a party of drinkers for my SO .. everyone else was lit. I just cleaned it up and am looking forward to a beautiful sunrise clear eyes and no hangover tomorrow!
I'm right behind you.  I quit tonight.
Escape the voice! Freedom awaits! Well done! IWNDWYT!!
