-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdtkuv/drinking_on_lexapro/

Long time lurker first post here (M-27). Ive been struggling with trying to stop drinking for about a year now I started seeing a therapist and DRASTICALLYA reduced my drinking but was never able to quite stop. Over the course of this year I became aware of the anxiety that I've been self medicating with beer and the vicious cycle I was stuck in. About a month ago after discussing with my physician and therapist I started taking a low dose of Lexapro and completely stopped drinking for 2 weeks. I felt amazing my anxiety dropped from a 7/10 to a 2 or 3 and everything in my life seemed so much more manageable. I then attended a social event where I drank 2 beers and it turned into a 2 week long binge drinking at home alone again almost every day. Even days where I drank only 2-5 beers i still wake up the next day so disappointed in myself and feel like even that small amount of alcohol stops the Lexapro from working. ..Anyways I just needed to get this out into the universe. I am on Day 1 again and wanted to post this for some accountability. Drinking while I am on Lexapro is NOT an option it fucks with my head and makes my anxiety and depression nearly unmanageable. I can't wait to be the person who posts here saying 1 month! 1 year! but sometimes seeing those posts makes me upset because it seems unreachable. Ill just have to take it one day at a time. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

I remember seeing people with over 100 days and thinking  Can I do it?  Can I make it 100 days?! ..I have made it.  I made it a day at a time.  We've got this!  IWNDWYT!
Just do it day by day. You have made the right decision. Medication and alcohol don't mix. Best wishes.
Alcohol is to anxiety/depression as saltwater is to thirst.    .    .    .iwndwyt
It's hard to know for sure but toward the end of my drinking I also struggled very bad with anxiety and was prescribed lexapro too...Like I said - hard to know the real correlation but my drinking and my behavior went absolutely off the rails right when I started lexapro. I'd been a problem drinker for a few years by that point I knew how to cover my ass. But I just went ape shit.  ..I seemed off booz and all scripts in detox. Glad I did. But I hope this works for you bud.
