-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bdzc3h/im_at_day_1_again_and_confident_because_i_finally/

I woke up in my hotel room with empty beer cans and a half filled glass of wine on the bedside table next to me. A familiar scene. ..Last year I gave up drinking for several months and it was incredible. Lost so much weight clear headed and HAPPY. Had a few drinks at the end of the year and have struggled to restart. I realise now that the reason I struggled is that deep down inside I hadn't accepted that I needed to go sober to get the most out of life. I still felt that I was missing out on something by drinking. I still felt I could moderate. ..I have been reading a lot of sober literature recently. Most recently it was Annie Grace's Alcohol Experiment and Russell Brand's Recovery. Brand's book in particular has been a huge positive influence. ..So the decision was made that I needed to quit for good. But we had this vacation coming up to the seaside. Then my wife's birthday next week then my 35th birthday next month. I decided that there would always be a reason to drink. This time I set a date which was a week in advance. I would wake up on 17th April 2019 the second day of our two day mini-break at the coast this is my first day of freedom. ..In the past I've always been a bit ceremonial when attempting to quit. I'd get all my favourite drinks. It wasn't so bad this time. However the first night we got here we went to a restaurant. Myself my wife and my one year old son. I pounded 3 pints of beer in quick succession. As we walked back along the edge towards our hotel the moon and stars were shining. I was holding my son in my arms and looking at the moon. "Moon!" My wife pointed to the huge full moon. "Moo!" My son said. It was gorgeous. ..I wanted to walk out onto the wharf with him but I felt dizzy from the beers and was worried I'd drop him. So I just got everyone home. ..That's the last time my son will ever miss out on something like that again because of alcohol. I'm sure of it. ..So it's day 1 again but it feels different. I feel so confident. I know now that I'm never going to drink or take drugs again. I'm 100% committed to sobriety. I'm not fighting it either I'm embracing it with open arms. ..It's not about what I'm losing but everything I am going to gain. ..I'm so grateful that I've made this decision now at 34 while my son is still young. ..For anyone reading this I want to let you know that it can take many false starts to get going. Please never stop giving up! Surround yourself with people literature and support from like-minded people. ..I know I'm at day 1 and it might seem I don't know what I'm talking about but I feel like this is it. I had to overcome the biggest obstacle which wasn't how many days I was sober but the reasons for not drinking...I won't drink with you today or ever again!!!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm very happy for you.  Welcome to day 1 of your brand new life
Welcome. IWNDWYT
Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
I can understand this. I knew I wanted to stop after Halloween last year and I had plans in early December to go out with a friend where I knew things would get a little crazy. I knew it was going to be my last night and so far it has been. Good luck to you and    to your family.
We must concede to our innermost selves that we are alcoholic. ..As much as I HATE wearing that label (anonymously) I know that if I do not I will drink or drug again. ..I know this because it happened after 20+ years and then after about a 6 month stretch. ..Now I am 5 1/2 years in recovery. Lessons learned?..1. I have to remember what got me here.2. I have to remember the pain I felt that last time.3. I need others to help me stay sober. .4. I need to help others in order to keep my sobriety. ..I use 12 steps and meetings. It works for me. ..IWNDWYT
I had an epiphany very similar to yours...One day I woke up and I just "knew" something was different. That change was coming. Something clicked. I can't say exactly what as it's hard to describe. ..I embraced it like you did and things have since been amazing hard at times but still amazing.
Do it for your son brother! Your a great dad keep up the good work! IWNDWYT
ODAT
