-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/be0s2q/visiting_the_past_tackling_hardships_with_family/

My parents don't call and have not texted. We have an odd relationship. I did see them for the holidays (we had an OK time it wasn't horrible but there were moments that were hard for me that I didn't allow them to see). They are pretty awful narcissists :/.. For months now all communications have stopped. They do not like that I am under the LGBTQ umbrella. I want to go to their house and grab my stuff (journals oldclothing... the things from art school I'd left behind -- they have gone through and read my personal journals which is very sad to me I cannot imagine doing that to anyone I love). Overall I do feel resentment -- which saddens me...  .I never wronged them. My alc brain doesn't worry about a relapse by interacting w/ them but worries about self blame and the damage that this visit could cause and the work that  I've done over the year w/ my therapist may be sent backward?..&amp;#x200B;..I just want to get my belongings and shred the things that are be very personal/private.  .I don't know why I didn't take them with me when I left in my early 20s...I'm OK if we don't speak again.   .**Has anyone else gone through this?**
----------immediate responses--------

I don't talk with my family at all you need to build your life away from them. It is ok to leave what is hurtful.
It is kind of a hallmark of some codependent and damaged relationships that people aren't comfortable with change even if it is a good change for you. I personally don't think there is anything wrong with leaving damaging family members behind but that's just me. It does sound like a rough weekend ahead for you if you go grab your stuff. Are you going to AA or anything like that? I remember from alanon that they strive to keep the focus on yourself and not take responsibility for the addictive behavior of others. It sounds like your family has plenty of problems that you aren't responsible for so if you can keep that in your mind that might help. Their issues aren't your fault. Maybe it will be healing to get your stuff out of there and make a clean break?
I cringe at the word 'narcissist'. Everything is about them and not you.  Good luck; I have no advice.
 Bring someone with you. Best of luck. You are strong   
