-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/be7i5o/advice_on_dealing_with_guilt_after_a_night_of/

I'm to the point where I'm fully aware that I have a problem and that I cannot function while in active addiction. I made it 25 days not too long ago and have been struggling to get back on the horse. I keep having a day or two of sobriety then I'll get tanked. I got drunk last night and did some things I really regret. I just want to drink to forget right now. I know that's not going to help anything obviously but I'm turning to you guys for advice on what to do when you feel like this....Tyia and I'm hoping iwndwyt.
----------immediate responses--------

The only way I know is to put as many sober days between me and the regrettable memories.  Eventually the positive memories I have been creating started to over take the bad ones.
The best way to deal with the guilt is time. And while you wait for the time to pass try to do it sober.
I feel like I posted this when I was blackout. I'm in the exact same situation one or 2 days off then having huge binges ready to admit I have a problem. The guilt was horrible this morning coming into work with a fuzzy head after drinking heavily yesterday. I can't offer advice on how to get rid of the guilt but I felt better by making promises to myself and a couple of close friends to start making steps towards lowering my drinking and if I can't then try to stop altogether...When I get home tonight i am dismantling my "man cave" where I tend to sit 3 nights a week and get smashed on my own. I have to remove this comfort area I created to drink in. And also I'm a social smoker so as a step I will quit altogether starting today...Sorry if this post breaks any rules I have been lurking for a long time and only now deciding to actually do something about it. IWNDWYT
My fourth month of sobriety has been very emotional like so emotional I can barely stand myself and all of the overwhelming feelings rushing over me. It's been psychologically difficult to say the least but one thing this rough time has taught me is compassion for the person I was while drinking. I was drinking because I'd learned that alcohol numbed all of my feelings so that I wouldn't be overwhelmed by them. I don't hate myself for doing that. I was just trying to survive this crazy world and doing the best I could at the time...I forgive myself for coping the only way I knew how. I'm stronger now and know a better way. I gained that knowledge with books therapy podcasts and time. Please forgive yourself and move on.  IWNDWYT.
I have a lot of experience with the regrets and guilt.  What helps me deal with it is realizing that it's probably not as big of a deal as it seems and trying to use my guilt as motivation to fix the problem.  I find it useful to write down how I feel and why I feel that way so I can read it later and remember it.  It's no fun to go through but at least  I feel like there is some silver  lining to the guilt and regret.
