-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bea1f5/2200_days_heres_a_facebook_post_i_wrote_on_day_9/

Some of you may know that I pop in here and post every time my odometer clicks over another hundred days. It's sort of a way of keeping myself responsible...I can do it "One Day at a Time" so I commit to another block of 100 days. I've done it 22 times so far I didn't drink yesterday I have no plans to drink today and I release tomorrow to take care of itself. Before you all I commit to staying sober for another 100 days.    ..Sometimes I have trouble figuring out what to write here. Not today. On Facebook this morning a Memory popped up in my newsfeed. I wrote it on April 17 2013 a mere 9 days after I came out of a relapse. It was one hell of a relapse.  ..Maybe some of you are feeling *now* how I was feeling *then*. Stick with it. Soon you'll be feeling a lot better a lot happier a lot more fulfilled. I promise you it gets better.  ..Here's the post:  ..**I was what was known as a "functional" alcoholic as far as any alcoholic can be considered functional I suppose. I didn't spend my paycheques in the bars I didn't wake up in strange places with stranger people I didn't drive drunk I didn't do any of the things that many people associate with alcoholism. I was always showered and shaved and in clean clothes.  ..But I drank. I drank quite a bit and I drank every day. For the last few years I was in a relationship and the booze was taking its toll. I really don't know why I drank but I did. Something good happened? Let's celebrate! Something bad happened? God I need a drink. Eventually I ended up drinking just to drink.  ..Drinking magnified my fears and insecurities and caused me to become sullen and withdrawn. I have a quick tongue and often I would say things I would regret and then feel so bad about it that I would go and punish my self with a cool refreshing glass of poison.  ..Last October I moved out and the drinking really took off. I was bored and lonely and in incredibly intense emotional agony and I just poured booze all over it. Like THAT'S going to fix anything.  ..Finally on December 8 I put the glass down. I started AA and things were going great. Too great. I was happy and healthy and vibrant and cheerful and I was on what's known in AA as "The Pink Cloud". But there's a process to AA and it won't work if you don't follow it. My ego convinced me that I was doing great that I had it licked and that I didn't need to drink any more. Even worse it convinced me that I knew better than the rest of those guys and that I really didn't need to follow their path.  ..Basically I had stopped bleeding but I hadn't even looked for the wounds. And you can't heal unless you do.  ..So one day in late February my ego convinced me that I could have a drink. Just a beer a single beer on the way home. Couple of days later it was 2 beers. 3. Then what the hell let's get a 6-pack and it will be enough for 2 days. Yeah right.  ..In a few weeks I was right back to my old pace only now in addition to the loneliness and boredom we could add disgust shame and failure to the mix. Does this sound like fun to you?  ..On April 8 I decided to set the bottle back down. I could see where this was heading. Only this time I knew that the ONLY way I was going to get this molecule out of my life was to follow the path set before me by a program created in 1935 by 2 hopeless drunks. This program has saved millions of lives and it could save mine too but this time I have to do the work.  ..So that's where I am. I am engaged and committed completely to this process and determined to shed the non-productive aspects of my personality that led me to believe that alcohol was a solution. There is also a strong spiritual component to AA and as one who was a strident atheist for decades it came as a big surprise to me to discover a dormant spirituality within myself.  ..Even now very early in the process I feel better determined to heal and more tolerant of my own failings and more supportive of my virtues. Being a drunk for so long has done terrible damage to my self-esteem and it will be a long hard road to recovery.  ..A lot of people have told me that I'm a good person they like hanging out with me and I generally tend to be generous and supportive. But I never really believed them. My pickled soul wouldn't take the hint. My damaged self-esteem would get me to push these people away and then I would feel so shitty about it that I would have another glass of poison.  ..Well that has ended once and for all. As difficult as it's going to be I need to identify these festering wounds rid myself of the putrefaction and then bind them up and begin the healing process.  ..Only then will I be whole. Only then will I be able to move into a happy and bright future. The alternative doesn't bear examination and fills me with revulsion. Killing oneself an ounce at a time has to be the most inefficient form of suicide ever invented.  ..On April 8 I didn't quit drinking I started living.**
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on another 100 days of freedom PJ.  I always love these posts
  IWNDWYT
Congratulations!  Keep it up!  .IWNDWYT
"I didn't quit drinking I started living" - wow - awesome!
Incredible. Thank you for sharing day 6 here and struggling a bit because it's date night which when drinking means wine night. Not tonight!
Right on! Instead of "Not Drinking" you are "Living Sober"!!..IWNDWYT
Thank you for sharing that. .Last paragraph   wow good stuff!
Beautiful!  Thank you for sharing PJ and congrats on the 2200!
Really related to this and just what I needed to hear right now. Thanks so much!
&gt;I didn't quit drinking I started living...Thank you. This resonates deeply with me.
Well done old bean!
Congrats and continued success to you
I want to start living too
Loooveeee this!!!
