-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/beatf3/yall_success_stories_on_travel_abroad/

Hi yall...I've tried a zillion times to FULLY quit and have come back time and time again. My longest stretch was 23 days before I caved and had a beer. I can easily just have one or two now but the hangovers aren't worth it and I know I want ultimate health so I'd love to stick with it and not cave even for one or two drinks. ..I'm traveling to Spain (first trip abroad) for a hiking adventure for three weeks in sep-oct. we will be traveling through some wonderful wine spots (like every day) and I know my gf and mom will be having a glass or two. I'm just struggling thinking is it really that big a deal or should I share a glass since it's such a part of the experience. ..Maybe I just want reassurance that I can do this and will be happy to be so fresh each morning. Maybe I want someone to say if it's not a big deal; have a glass. I just don't know. Sorry for the rant.
----------immediate responses--------

I did two trips that really challenged me - a Europe/UK one to Amsterdam/Paris/London and Scotland and then an all inclusive in Jamaica. I had the best experience during both being totally sober despite the temptations of wine scotch and everything in between. You can do this. I felt so much better without drinking - early mornings full days more energy no dreaded hangovers during bus/train trips. It was awesome! Enjoy it embrace it - I would never regret travelling but I would regret being drunk for most of it like I used to do. Good luck!
I was at a Mexican restaurant and could have had a margarita as part of the experience.  Lol any excuse will do right?  In fact my journey would not be even close to being the same if I invited alcohol back into my  experience'.  It's not worth risking a glass  here and there'... all I've got to do is look at my past tendencies.  So... why after all this progress I've made would my tendencies be the same today?  Cellular memory.    I've figured out how to transform some of my behaviours into preferred behaviours grateful to neuroplasticity but I'm not messing about when it comes to testing out the alcohol angle I just worked so hard and travelled so far to be here.  I went through so many life experiences that added up to this magical new life I've got.  I'd like to keep going forward.  Amidst all the uncertainty that can potentially arise in one's life at least I can be certain of that that I won't risk messing things up for booze again.  For me it's a no-touch zone.  Idk if this helps I'm planning on travelling myself and the thought of drinking arises but I shove it aside put my back to my addictive voice again with a  yeah you *would* say that .
Thank you so much for taking the time. I needed to hear that.
I have many stories for you but I will just tell you the one. I have told it before... it was the first summer I was sober and we went to Greece like we do kind of a lot. We went to an all day festival that occurs in the blazing heat a kind of parade that ends up in a taverna good food and LOTS of cold beer. People there don't drink individual beers they just order the big bottles and share. So there we were sweating and dancing and blissed out and the table was a forest of full beer bottles. The joke was the amount of effort it took to grab one of the harried waiters and get a bottle of soda. All the booze was there for the taking nobody would be the wiser and I had to get really clear that this decision is for me and me alone. I didn't drink...&amp;#x200B;..And in answer to your question it is a big deal to have a glass because one drink is just the beginning. Maybe not in the next day or week but if you are anything like the rest of us you will be right back where you started at the bottom of the bottle.
