-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bebo15/my_first_meeting/

I went to my first meeting yesterday it was a meeting for people who are trying to maintain sobriety in the food and beverage industry. I've been bartending for the last 7 years and while I enjoy the life it's provided for me it's all I know how to do. I drink everyday for the last 7 years. I always get buzzed or I always get drunk. I don't know how long I can keep this going everything in my life is changing in a positive way but I can't let go of my oldest friend. I decided that it was time to at least be proactive about it hear what people had to say if they can work in a bar and not drink I can too! I listened to everyone speak and when it was my turn I explained why I was there. I introduced my self as an alcoholic something I've never accepted before. I left that room and went about my day with my head swimming so many feeling that I could process or accept. I went to work and had a shot of tequila and a beer I just rejected all of it. I got good and drunk last night I stewed in it until close to 2 in the morning. Why is the idea of not being able to use alcohol as a cop out so terrifying to me? Why can't I just wake up and not want to drink a beer in the sun with my dog? Why am I like this? I thought about all these things and more. I don't have any answers but I want to keep searching for them. I want to be stronger mentally and physically. I want to be sober. I'm sorry for this long rant but I needed to write it down. One person yesterday said that he couldn't talk to his wife or his friends about his struggles because he didn't want to burden them. I feel that so I thought I'd come here. I'm not going to drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

You're on the right track ! And very luck to have a specific support group. IWNDWYT
Keep turning toward that sentence : "I want to be sober". I won't drink with you today either. See you tomorrow!
When I first quit my afternoons sucked. I would just feel anxious and terrible and I could not stop thinking about how much I wanted a drink until I went to sleep...I barely think about it anymore...If you keep at this you might not continue to wake up in the mornings and want to have a beer in the sunshine indefinitely. Your wants can change...IWNDWYT
Welcome. I tried  stronger me . It never worked. When I finally gave up and admitted I couldn't stop on my own I did. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT
