-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/beev0z/two_month_anniversaryreflections/

Today marks two months sober. This is remarkable not only because it's by far the longest time I've gone without bingeing in decades but I feel like my very identity has shifted from that of heavy drinker to non-drinker. In the past I've tried countless times to rein in my drinking but failed every time. I can tell this time is different because I don't feel like I'm depriving myself of some hallowed substance. I feel like I've gained freedom from addiction to a toxic substance gained good mental and physical health and gained a joy that I never knew was possible. ..I credit this subreddit and This Naked Mind and Annie Grace's podcasts. Sobriety apps motivate me and appeal to my love of metrics. In real life I've only shared my journey with my husband and one friend. I've not attended any meetings yet but do intend to. I have a busy schedule and just haven't made the time yet and so far haven't felt like I need to attend. But I am vigilant and feel like if I'm really struggling I know where to go...I know two months doesn't sound like a whole lot especially since I've been abusing alcohol since my teens and I'm almost 50 but I wanted to share what I've learned so far. I'm hoping I will encourage some of you like many have encouraged me. In no particular order: 1) before going to a restaurant look at menu ahead of time to see what NA drinks they have (you'd be surprised many have interesting options like horchata or craft sodas); 2) before going to a party or gathering rehearse a catch phrase for why you're not drinking so you won't be caught off guard; 3) bring your own NA drinks to a party with enough to share; 4) at the grocery store or other places that sell alcohol I don't look in that direction or go down that aisle (one author said treat alcohol like a bad ex-boyfriend ignore and avoid); 5) I used to unwind from the day with a bottle of wine now I unwind with herbal teas and/or ice cream/chocolate slowly savoring each bite to make it more special; 6) when I feel down or have had a bad day come to this subreddit for encouragement and advice; 7)when entering tempting situations visualize every step and what you will do at every step to face the triggers (eg cooking with wine visiting with difficult people who are heavy drinkers beautiful days good news bad news etc) I find there's always a better alternative to alcohol and in fact alcohol is no alternative at all; 8) be realistic while I'm immeasurably happier and healthier now than when I was drinking I still have many of the same difficulties in life that I had before. I still have  stinkin thinkin  self-doubt insecurity etc. The change has been that I can deal with these negative feelings better and I can be more proactive in changing things in myself for the better; 9) I used to reward myself with a bottle of wine for anything from cleaning the house to finishing my taxes or even making it to Friday! Now I reward myself with real goodies not poison. (eg a long walk or bike ride outside with my dogs or husband a fantastic home-cooked meal doughnuts from a specialty shop etc.); 10) keep learning stay humble check in here often. ..That's all I can think of now. I'm sure I'll learn more in the following months. Like how to handle vacations holidays birthdays business trips parties with the heavy drinking relatives who don't particularly like me etc.
----------immediate responses--------

  IWNDWYT
Congrats on 2 months. Be proud. iwndwyt
Congratulations and thank you for sharing!!
