-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/befdl6/33_year_old_single_mom/

I'm so depressed. It feels like every day is the same monotonous just trying to get back into bed and sleep. I'm so tired. I've been struggling with alcoholism since I was 14 years old... I've tried aa numerous times more times than I can count. I always start drinking again. I really struggle with the fellowship and trying to be social. I am by nature an introvert and I have severe social anxiety and dread going to meetings... I've tried the 90 in 90 and it's just so draining... all the constant talk about drinking is bad and sobriety is good blah blah... repeating my problems over and over doesn't help me any! I don't get it... i just feel like this depression will never lift. I will never feel like I belong.. I will always be stuck in this shit... I've tried so many different medications and nothing works. Zoloft did help but I gained 60 pounds and I'd rather not be a fat whale as well... how do you get the motivation to keep trying ?
----------immediate responses--------

Did you try working the steps in AA?  That is what worked for me. ..AA is not the only program anymore. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT
Perhaps shift your perspective read the news listen to other people's stories start learning about something really deeply?  It's easier said than done but if you feel stuck maybe look for the holes in the net you're caught in and swim out. Be strong. IWNDWYT.
I really struggled early on!  It wasn't until the last two months or so before I really shook that feeling...  I am sorry to hear you are experiencing those same things...I can only share my personal journey and it has been a longer road than I thought it would be but I do feel pretty good now!  ..I guess after so many years of relying on alcohol to cope it only makes sense that it would take a while to start to balance out.....Keep putting today's behind you don't lose hope!  IWNDWYT
I can never get enough time in to finish the steps! I've joined two step groups and the first one I got to step 4 and freaked out and started drinking and the second time I got to step 2 and started drinking. I did go to rehab in 2009 and never got through the steps... how do you get through the steps if you keep on starting to drink before you finish them?
Honestly alcohol is draining. When you're going to drink how much if you have enough at home if you've had too much how you feel when you wake up the guilt over how much you had the stress and anxiety from it the lack of energy etc. Once you finally decide not to drink anymore instead of hanging in limbo about it all of that goes away. It's the moderation middle ground that sucks at least for me. It's like a bad relationship that you keep going back to because you're lonely. But you deserve better. I was a young single mom for a long time and it's tough. But it's worth it. And being able to be present for it and feel your best makes a huge difference. My "baby" is grown now and I wish I would have taken more time to enjoy when he was younger instead of stressing out all the time about things I couldn't control and instead just making the best of it. You have the opportunity to be the best version of yourself for your kids and trust me they're watching. What version do you want them to see? Best of luck to you and IWNDWYT.
For fellowship and socializing outside of AA have you tried just going to church or a preferred place of worship?..I'm not really religious myself but I found a church that I like to attend just for the positive messages and seeing new people. Even if people are only curious churches are very welcoming...I'm in the process of developing how I feel about spirituality and religion so this going has actually helped. I'm pretty introverted and I never really feel out of place. I'm still pretty new but everyone has been very kind!..Plus no one is drinking so that helps too!
1st of all maybe AA isn't for you. NDB...2nd I'd get a schedule going. Keep it regimented. When I started waking up at 5am it changed my perspective of drinking (I didn't think about late night boozing because I was too tired and craved my bed). ..* Write down 2 positive things about the day before you go to bed every night (change your mind set).* Get outside and get some vitamin D (take kids for a 30 min walk).* Make sure to eat fruit and veges (processed shit really does make you depressed IMO so eat healthy).* Write down goals you want to accomplish.* Plan out your day!.* Workout. Fit body = fit mind. ..&amp;#x200B;..I have two kids but the more I stay regimented the more the days pass and I am content. It's just like how drinking brought you familiarity. The more you stay on track the more comfortable it will be and the easier it will get. You'll eventually start to deviate from this pattern and be okay.
I read the Annie Grace book  this naked mind. How to control alcohol  I found it very inspiring. I wish you all the best!
I think you may really relate to the blog posts on Lauramckowen.com she is a single mom that got sober and is just an amazing writer she also has two podcasts - home and spiritualish ! Also also hipsobriety.com has terrific posts !
