-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bertfd/is_the_right_place_for_me/

Greetings. First I'd like to say that I've been subscribing to this sub for over a year and I haven't successfully committed to stop drinking yet. It's not this sub that prevents me. It's me. Alcohol has had a tight grip on me for years now. I'm so tired of the abuse I put myself through trying to keep alcohol in my life. It's so shameful and embarrassing. This community seems to be a really supportive and I hope this could be a good place for me. I was lead here because this forum seems like a reasonably anonymous safe space. I really need help from other people who are recovering from alcohol addiction or who have been sober for a while...So far I've tried AA and Rescue Recovery but I always end up skipping the meetings because I can be extremely anxious around people. I usually end up triggering myself in the meetings by telling more about my emotional state and personal life than I feel comfortable with. Plus I have run into so many people at meetings that I have known from my community. For some reason being so open about my struggles with people that I could run into in my daily life unnerves me. I guess I am just a private person who is afraid of being vulnerable in front of acquaintances who also know my friends or coworkers. It seems to me like a silly thing to be concerned with but it's how I feel and has been a barrier to my recovery...I'd love to read any r/stopdrinking success stories if any of you are willing to share. Also if you have any tips or suggestions for how best to tackle the daily urges and change how you think about drinking I'd love read those too. If you want to know anything about me let me know. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! This StopDrinking sub has been useful for me. I also read a lot of books about addiction and recovery. *This Naken Mind* was particularly great. I was cynical of it at first as it's pretty transparent but decided to see if maybe some simple reading and intentional thought retraining could work to make me *diminish my desire to drink.* It helped. Writing really helped me too...Miniature goals helped not worrying about forever not worrying about next week etc. Keep trying! Keep trying new methods if you fail.
I believe SMARTrecovery has online options as well.. Alcohol Explained is another good book. Best of luck to you!
Welcome! I'd say if you have admitted you have a problem and have even tried AA I would keep trying anything including this subreddit...There used to be good information in the sidebar regarding the dangers of withdrawal have you done much reading on that / spoke with a doctor? Not sure if this is a concern for you but I know fear of withdrawal made quitting extra hard for me...What has helped me this time around is realizing that I was drinking to alleviate anxiety depression and loneliness. I committed to tackling those issues from day 1. I started meditating talking to a therapist and joined a running club. ..I have kept up the meditating and running but per usual didn't find therapy useful or it's just too hard idk...Do you have a plan to quit? Have you given much thought to why you drink and your drinking habits? All these things helped me...I'm hoping all the best for you life has much more to offer than what's in the bottom of all those bottles.
