-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bescr7/138_days_sober_got_a_new_job_depressed/

I feel like I should be happy but I'm not. I'm supposed to go out to dinner tomorrow after work and I'm already dreading it. I know I'll put on a facade and seem happy and normal because I'd rather that then sit at the table silently. I feel like I'm just going through the motions of life. I'm struggling to enjoy my day to day life without alcohol. It truly brought me joy at times. My morning exercise is truly the only part of my day I enjoy now but unfortunately that only lasts about an hour. Anyone able to make it out of this funk?..I have no immediate threat of drinking but I need to do something.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man I can relate to this. It's gotten better for me but like 3-6 months there were some wildly low points. An SSRI helped me a lot for a six month stretch and I've found I don't need it now. Good luck!
Congrats on 138 days. I'm in a similar situation. Start a new job on Monday but feel depressed and alone in life. I'm struggling to find a hobby that gives me a reason to live. Maybe the alcohol screwed with my mind because I can't enjoy anything right now. Do you have any hobbies you enjoy?
Three to four months was a huge low point for me. An SSRI has helped me. At six months I'm functioning much better and finding more joy in my sober life. Still have a few lows here and there but nothing like the depression I was in a couple months ago. ..I start a new job on Monday too.
I tried white knuckling for 5 months in 2017. I was miserable. Did some more research for the year ended up in the er insane and almost dead 12 months later. ..Finally got myself honest with those around me my dr. and my friends. Did 90 meetings in 82 days with. Sponsor and honestly and willingly worked the steps. Couldn't be happier. Over the moon. ..IWNDWYT
Is the job something you wanted or something that fulfills your passion? I ask bc I'm job hunting and paranoid that if I don't make the exact right decision or see the perfect and appropriate opportunity all of this will get fucked up and I'll have no time for myself or my healing. Good for you for keeping up with the morning fitness. That's really smart and very encouraging to me over here in my recovery/insecurity land. IWNDWYT
I struggle badly with depression too and I started antidepressants and therapy on the day I quit drinking. It's helped a lot. I mean I didn't start drinking because my life was unicorns and rainbows.
