-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bet0gj/ive_been_quitting_and_relapsing_for_a_year_but/

Hopefully this relieves some of the depression and social anxiety that otherwise led to booze. ..&amp;#x200B;..iwndwyt. Going to watch The Princess Bride in PJ's instead.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. ..Until my mental illness was under Control I could not stay sober.  It wasn't a matter of any sort of of allergy of the mind it was a physical ailment that caused the need to drink.  ..Best of luck.
.&gt;iwndwyt. Going to watch The Princess Bride in PJ's instead.  .."You seem a decent fellow. I hate to kill you."
Congratulations! I'm interested in your choice because I have only been successful so far in my sobriety since I realized the futility of taking antidepressants and antianxiety meds while I was drunk. One thing I now know for sure is that for someone who is clinically depression drinking was always a  speed elevator to an even more extreme depression town.
Alcohol is to depression/anxiety as saltwater is to thirst. I managed to stop relapsing when I realized I was reversing the healing of my brain from my periods of sobriety. One good relapse can wash away all of those precious neurotransmitters that take months to replenish.
  IWNDWYT
Anybody want a peanut?..Iwndwyt!
I got my anti anxiety script refilled yesterday and picked them up today.  I stopped taking them for a few months and decided to stop trying to ego my way through this.
Bipolar.
My doc gave me a prescription for Cipralex this week. It's sitting on my counter. The thought of taking any kind of med like this gives me panic attacks. I know I need something but I can't deal with things getting any worse right now even if they could get better. I'm torn...I wish you all the best! Love Princess Bride...it was a favourite movie as a kid and still is to this day. IWNDWYT.
Getting sober is like peeling layers of an onion. I slowly make it smaller and learn as I go but it's not without tears...My current challenge is that alcohol and drinkers can be very deceptive. I've quit drinking alone this year. I've also got rid of the drunks their reasoning doesn't resonate in me anymore. Now it's been more about the  regular drinkers  and their more polished bullshit that has got me a couple of times...Many of them haven't been drinking too much and too frequently so they have a different experience. They sound a lot like me a few years back. I've now personally seen what it does to people and myself. The next thing to do now is to believe my own eyes. I would never listen to my younger self with less experience paired with lacking information. So why should I listen to them? Drinkers will always keep blurting out their false beliefs and sometimes even lies about alcohol. They are convenient because they sound good and turn our eyes from the truth that alcohol essentially is an addictive drug and neurotoxin. Nothing more really needs to be said. That is the foundation. Everything else is just a cherry on top of a shitcake a pretty signpost pointing toward the next drinking episode on the road of addiction...IWNDWYT
I did the same recently I hope it helps!
Fully support choosing meds to help.  Use them myself.  Have benefitted!  Just remember it can take some days/weeks for the brain chemistry to readjust to meds.  IWNDWYT!
