-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bexlbd/im_not_sure_if_i_should_make_this_post_relapse/

I quit drinking for almost six years and then made a conscious premeditated decision to drink again. I think a big part of me was not sure that my struggles with alcohol were not not just circumstantial. Like... maybe I was just overreacting when I decided to quit the first time. I ended up drinking for almost three years and even though my life was objectively better I was just as much of mess inside as I'd been before. ..I quit again in October of 2017. The first month was HARD. Actually the first 90 days were hard. Harder than the first time. But then things got better and it was worth it again and I was just coasting along. ..And now here I am about a year and a half sober and there's something surprising happening. First it's a lot easier than it was at my first year and a half mark. I've got muscle memory now I guess. It's easy to not drink and I'm even comfortable talking about why. I'm not making a challenging decision I just honestly don't want it. And second it's better this time around too. I feel so much more anchored in myself. I'm less stressed out less anxious less worried... it's not that my blood pressure never temporarily spikes but I'm aware it's temporary. ..Now here's the part I'm really reluctant to share. I think my sobriety is stronger *because of* my relapse. Not in spite of it. I DO NOT WANT TO ENCOURAGE ANYONE TO PICK UP AGAIN. But I do want to provide the perspective that if you do relapse it can still be so worth it to keep trying. You past doesn't make you a failure. In fact your past   and your determination to learn from it   can give you an even stronger foundation. I feel confident that I'm actually in a better place with a 564 by my name than I would be if I had a 3779. ..Don't give up today. But if you already gave up don't lose hope.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you definately should have made this post. I've had thoughts about this myself. Not the trying drinking again but the balance between feeling genuinely who I am and being numb to who I am. Thanks for sharing your story.
Love the last sentence here. Thank you. Best wishes
Great Share!
What everyone above says. Thanks for making this post it was really useful for me and will be useful for others too for sure... 
I get what you mean. I hate that I've relapsed but each time I have I learned more about why I can't drink anymore. I wish I never relapsed but for so many that's almost impossible and I'm getting stronger every time.
The fact that anybody reaches a year and a half is amazing but doing it a second time even more so...&amp;#x200B;..Sending love from Atlanta &lt;3
So true never give up everybody! Thanks for sharing your story I needed this tonight! So happy you got back on the wagon. Some people don't make it back.
Thank you for sharing! I love that long term sober people come back here to post and share. I've been telling myself that I will never drink again but in the back of mind I'm thinking "really?" "Really??" I'm thankful to get perspectives like yours. Really gives me something to think about.
I think that most people are scientific in a way. We always want to test a hypothesis and see if it still holds. ..I'm glad you posted. Sometimes it takes doing something again to realize it's for real 100% not for you and you made the right decision.
great post.   IWNDWYT!
I have followed very much the same path.I quit for ten years then drank again for ten. It is very different for me this time.I have used alot more toolsfaced alot more honest facts .There is more of a realization of what I was doing to those around me as well as to myself.Its never to late to change your life.Its well worth it.Great post. I will not drink with you today  
This reminds me of when people repair cracks in wood or other materials and it's strongest where the repair is. ..IWNDWYT!
Hello my friend...Reading your story I heard 1 thing. You had reservations.  Doubts in your mind. The experience removed that doubt completely...Now you have total acceptance...I can say from my own struggles without any doubt it is a progressive disease if we are drinking or sober. Very fortunately you made it back. Many don't. ..Take care.  Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John    
IWNDWYT.
That's awesome  
Thank you! This is along the lines of my question earlier. I tend to start out with thinking of myself as  I don't drink  if I end up drinking it's the exception not the general state. That's what happened with smoking for me and I've quit that for years. Relapses can happen but thinking of yourself as someone who does not drink is the big mind shift that I need to happen in my head.
This gives me hope. I was sober last year because I was pregnant. I relapsed two weeks after my daughter was born because my milk dried up and I thought why not? She's 5 months now and I've been on a bender practically ever since. Today is Day 9. IWNDWYT
Yup! IWNDWYT
I completely agree. We HAVE to learn from our mistakes. When we fail be it relapse or something else it's because we still had something else we needed to learn to keep succeeding. Great work OP! Thanks for sharing..IWNDWYT
I LOVE THIS POST. It's crazy how life brings exactly what you need sometimes. I literally just wrote and deleted a post about my relapse and how I am also grateful for the experience!! I couldn't figure out how to exactly explain what I was trying to say and I gave up like oh forget it. Then I scroll through reddit and here you are! ..I totally agree with everything you said. I got a good couple of sober months in and then relapsed and this time around I am feeling stronger and more secure in my decision to abstain entirely and forever. Yesterday I was having a rough day and even the idea of beer on my tastebuds was not appealing just the idea of numbing out was which it was easier to ignore than  mm a beer sounds tasty right now  (I hope that makes sense)...Anyway glad to be on this  sober journey with you all and thank you for sharing your experience. Iwndwyt
Thanks for sharing - I also think it's important that you did. Relapse isn't Voldemort...we shouldn't be afraid to say its name and talk about it honestly and frequently. It's important IMHO...I've heard a number of people in the rooms refer to this phenomenon not as "relapse" but as "experimentation" as in "I needed to do some more experimentation to find out if my problems with alcohol/addiction are really as bad as I thought they were." For almost all of them the answer is a solid yes. Some people regret going back out others like you find that the experience serves to prove without any doubt that their decision to quit drinking was the right one and their recovery is stronger for it. For my part I hope I don't relapse and I work daily to keep myself away from that first drink. But I know that even though "relapse isn't a requirement" it is a defining characteristic of alcohol addiction (chronic/progressive/relapsing/fatal) and that if it \*does\* happen I have a plan in place with my wife counselor and sober friends to get me back on track before things get really bad. I hope I never have to use that plan...Thanks again and keep happily sobering forth - I will not drink with you today!
I understand why you were reluctant to share but I'm so glad you did. You're not condoning relapse but rather encouraging those who do to get back up and keep going...It took me a long time to get just string 21 days together. I read so many posts here from people who feel like failures because they're back to Day 1 and their tone is apologetic and I can tell they feel terrible about themselves. I want to reach out and tell them it's all OK as long as they keep going. ..Your message here is like a virtual hug to everyone who needs it. Thank you.
Absolutely. Your past doesn't make you a failure. I don't believe in a reset. Keep moving forward. Thanks for the post.
I've been looking for an excuse to start drinking again.  For a brief moment I thought this post would give me one.  I'd love to not want to drink.  I am also in the processes of making that "conscious premeditated decision to drink again".  I haven't made that decision yet.  One of the main reasons why I haven't decided to drink again is that I know it would only be a temporary decision. I've accepted the fact that I will never be a long term moderate drinker.  I could probably do it for a month or two but I'd be back to drinking a minimum of 10 oz of bourbon on work nights...I've quit eating animal products and I can honestly say that was easier than quitting drinking...When I first quit drinking I didn't think about drinking/not drinking until the end of the day when I normally poured a drink.  Now after 14 months I think about it all day long and think about it far less at the end of the day...It may sound weird but my identity is still tied to being a drinker.  I just no longer drink.   ..I want to become a person who thinks of himself as a non-drinker...&amp;#x200B;..TLDR - If the post were going to push someone over the edge it probably would have been me.  I won't jump today.  ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
Yeah I've relapsed quite a few times but feel much better this time around. I think deep down I know that if I have a beer it won't stop until I need to stop (which will 100% happen). At the end of the day I now think..what's the point of that beer? I only got to that point by falling of the wagon a lot!
