-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bf3i57/i_bought_some_hipster_looking_nonalcoholic_beers/


----------immediate responses--------

My opinion is: do whatever you gotta do to stay sober. If that means drinking fake beer then so be it! I think you'll find that you enjoy your dinner party even more now that you'll be sober and present. Good luck and congrats on the 5 days!
Congrats on 5days that's huge  probably harder than my last 5 months or years even... stay strong and don't ever have to do it again......Sure it's better much better than drinking alcohol - but why?   There are so many other things to drink  - and how are you going to deal with guests bringing bottles of the  real' stuff?  ..Stay strong- suggest you avoid any debates over if you really need to quit and if you can have just a sip... that would be a good time to bring up a completely different topic.
La Croix in a wine glass is my go to. I'm still fixated on the habit. Always having a beer in my hand. My therapist did tell me she had a patient get sober drinking non-alcoholic beer. They just really liked the environment of hanging out drinking a cold one with friends. I can relate to that. .I love the aesthetics of drinking from a wine glass or sparkling fruit juice at brunch. It really helps me over come the cravings and not avoid the things I love.
If it helps you stay sober more power to you! I have given my self anxiety about NA beer but my father-in-law has been sober for 20 years and drinks NA beer at every family occasion.
I think that sounds kind of neat. I really enjoyed ginger beer and root beer. I put it in my wine glass. Makes me feel fancy.    
Me too!!
There's worse ideas. Whatever gets you through. I can see how they might help you're situation if you're hosting and you've got 5 days worth holding onto. Check the % volume as well some of them can say non-alc but get away with being like 0.5% which be a definite no go for me personally :)
I still drink out of my fancy wine glasses.  Thankfully it's not wine but of an evening I put my lime and tonic water In a wine glass. Feels a bit more treaty than a normal glass without the hangover.   Good luck for ur dinner party.  X
Many people use replacements for quitting. For some it's sparkling water for others NA drinks do it. If that's what it takes for you to accomplish your sober goals drink away.
Can I ask what kind? I'm trying to find some NA beer myself as I find myself missing the taste often.
