-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfamtu/relapsed_last_night_after_40_days/

Hey SD - happy Saturday whereever you are in the world. ..I wanted to come and check in here today after relapsing last night at 40 days. I got sober (this time) by getting into AA which helped tremendously in the early days. I struggle with anxiety and depression like so many of us and had been white knuckling the last week and last night got tired of fighting. ..I just wanted a temporary escape an out a respite from the murky painful landscape inside my head and I decided to drink. ..You can all guess where I ended up   feeling ten times worse but also embarrassed ashamed and disappointed. ..I'm trying not to beat myself up today as I reset my counter back to 0 it's okay to trip up and fall it might not be the last time but you have to keep getting back on you have to try again. ..Thank you for listening - IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Relapse for most is part of the journey. I hate candy floss yet I occasionally eat it and still hate it. Eventually I convinced myself not to eat it again. Keep going!!
Keep up the fight! I actually thought about drinking one of my husband's beers last night. I got myself over it quickly with some diet ginger beer. Glad I did! IWNDWYT!
Don't beat yourself up; what matters is that you came back...What would I do? Go back to a meeting today with my head held high and keep goin' love ;).
Relapses are nothing to be ashamed of. It took a relapse for me to really realise how miserable and exhausting drinking is and that I really can't 'just have one'. I think of my relapse as a cloud coming in front of the sun - even if things go dark there's blue sky on the other side waiting to come out...IWNDWYT
Welcome back. IWNDWYT
I relapsed last week too went on a multi-day bender as always happens when I drink. The good part is that you're back!! Relapse happens; the important thing is what we do afterward. IWNDWYT
It's going to be ok and it's great that you came back. ..IWNDWYT
Hey I just want to say that I relapse pretty frequently... I mean in the words society uses to describe consumption of alcohol...The best part about my own lack of willpower or poor ability to commit to living without alcohol is that I have SIGNIFICANTLY and I mean almost entirely stopped drinking...I've never been healthier or of more clear mind than I am now going back 15 years...You guys are really nice to see pop up in my reddit feed...Every time I see a post it's like someone whispering  don't drink you goof ..I still have a couple beers every weekend but mid-week is all work and family now..Love you guys
I hear you. I've been getting 1 - 2 months under my belt since last year &amp; then relapsing. Just waiting for that last time when my sobriety will finally stick. .But I don't beat myself up over my relapses anymore because I keep trying. And in doing so a huge % of the days of the year are spent sober; a big improvement over 0% I think you'll agree. .Keep going amigo. And IWNDWYT  
You made it sooooo much farther than I did on my first second or third tries last year! My best was only 18 days at one point between July &amp; August. I found when I focused on the counter I was looking at loss (losing the numbers of consecutive days I'd built up) but when I thought about how successful I was in terms of actual days sober that helped a lot more. You don't lose the healing from 40 days overnight! You're stronger now than when you started and you know you can keep doing this. My badge says 217 days because those are my consecutive sober days but I've actually had 264 completely sober days since I truly decided to stop drinking. Keep that second number handy (your consecutive days + 40) - it helps ease the sting of resetting the badge and helps you see how awesome you're doing overall!
Today is a brand new day...I am inspired by your honesty.
Keep trying! Never give up
" I'm trying not to beat myself up today  "..Good on you. While your sobriety counter may go back to 0 your recovery progress does not. sobriety and recovery are not the same. Sobriety is the count of continuous abstinence whereas recovery is measured in wellness... and it is wellness that is the goal otherwise we would all still be drinking...As you have identified the problem is "inside my head" the fight isn't with alcohol but with ourselves. Learn the lesson to be learned and get back on the road. You can do this. Keep doing what works (and dump the rest).
