-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfhe89/my_assaulter_texted_me_out_of_the_blue_sending_me/

Very long story short the man who assaulted me in December reached out in a very manipulative way completely out of the blue. My hunch is that he can't deal with his guilt and in an effort to avoid feeling like a rapist thinks he can manipulate me into talking to him "like normal" which I'm sure in his mind would make him feel absolved of his crimes. He tried a similar tactic immediately after ("but I love you!") and it feels like he's intentionally preying on my empathetic nature and tendency toward (sometimes innapropriate) guilt...Anyway I've been struggling with severe depression for months reaching exceptionally difficult points this past week and this is the kind of additional stressor that feels like my breaking point. I feel completely retraumatized and am struggling to escape a spiral of rage shame isolation and worthlessness. I'm also dealing with additional issues around the fact that I got HAMMERED the night it happened and struggle to feel like I "made" myself the victim by passing out [mind you in my own home and with someone who I thought was a friend (not to imply that anything else would validate the perpetrator of course)]. Logically I know that's just toxic shame talking and a common reaction of victims but those feelings are resurfacing. ..I STILL have no inclination/desire/urge to drink at all right now. I think I finally get that alcohol isn't comfort or relief and will not help me escape how horrible I feel right now. And that escaping how horrible I feel isn't going to solve anything. I don't have a lot right now but at least I have my sobriety as new as it is.  This fucking sucks but if there's one silver lining it's that it's giving me an opportunity to affirm the value of sobriety. Somehow it's very freeing even in the midst of serious pain...Thanks everyone and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

That does fucking suck. I'm so sorry. But I'm beyond impressed by your strength and self awareness. I'll be thinking about you. And your strength will help me not drink today so thank you.
Wow that's a lot to deal with! Proud of you for not giving in to pressures and reaffirming your sobriety. I was once assaulted while wasted and held in a house I didn't know for hours. I blamed myself because I was so drunk that i wouldn't even recognize them if I saw them again. I could give next to 0 details at the hospital and was so buried under shame that I just wanted to curl up in a ball and forget the world. I went through many phases of denial much of which was spent drinking myself into oblivion. Stopping drinking and getting support helped me face it with a clear mind...IWNDWYT  
What an SOB...Isn't there some kind of restraining order though after he was charged?..What did the police say if something like this happens?
You are an incredibly strong inspiring person. What happened to you is not your fault. You are a survivor and I know you will survive alcohol too. IWNDWYT
Wow. My heart goes out to you! Have you talked to a therapist about what happened? Is there a sub reddit for this kind of trauma. ..Did you answer the slimeball?..IWNDWYT
