-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfjabh/day_2_and_feeling_pretty_low/

I started drinking again after multiple injuries frustrated me to the point of zero motivation and increasing depression.  After I got sick of self sabotaging I finally got day one again but man is this a rough one with a shoulder and hip injury keeping me pretty sedentary.  And to top it off I feel like every time I relapse I have to start avoiding all social gatherings again because everything feels like a trigger. After every relapse I feel like my entire social life withers.  And now after so many damn day ones I feel like a lot of my most treasured relationships have really faded.  And it's not for lack of my friends being good friends.  They just trigger me in the early months of sobriety.  Whether alcohol is around or not.  Being out and about is triggering.  It feels like everything besides work the gym (which I can't do) and home are the only safe spots.  ..I don't do anything when I relapse that drives my friends away while actively drinking. It's the getting sober part that causes me to fade myself out of their lives.  Kids birthday parties dinners game nights weekend visits.   All of it avoided.  I feel like I'm spending my 30s when I actually have the means to do stuff avoiding life for fear of my addictions.  ..Over the years now there have just been countless months where I've disappeared and avoided going to events because I wasn't confident that I could or couldn't drink.  The invites were there.  My friends didn't care whether I drink or not and often didn't drink themselves but it didn't matter.  It feels like just being out in the world and not completely consumed by some new hobby is a recipe for disaster.  ..I was going strong with a new physical hobby until being injured and am struggling to find the motivation to find something else.  I've tried returning to school twice guitar bass drums jiu jitsu rock climbing hockey chess reading writing...you name it and I've probably tried to pour myself into it while I grind away the early days of sobriety.  ..I just feel like I've got no gas in the tank any more.  No excitement on the horizon to motivate me.  Injuries suck and are temporary.  I just wish I had something else I enjoyed right about now.  I need something.  ..Sorry for the rant.  Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

No need to apologize.
IWNDWYT
Frankly in my opinion it is better to avoid the situations that trigger me even if it means spending more time alone.  Meditation has helped me tremendously and being alone actually facilitates that.  And finding new music to listen to movies you haven't seen yet that you've always wanted to see  Maybe put together your own film series with a theme- classics sci-fi classics etc.  You can invite your friends to watch the film series with you.  Or meet them for coffee and/or lunch instead of doing things that lead to drinking?
