-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfks7v/issue_referring_to_myself_as_sober/

i've spent the last 8 years or so waffling between stopping drinking and relapsing. this current time i had my last drink on april 5 but before that i had not drank since november 29 so 140 days if i do not count my lapse but in reality 15 days...all of that aside this amount of time is the most amount of time i have had not drinking in maybe 15 years. ..i have a problem/trigger calling myself 'sober' - i just tell close people who know including some in recovery that i don't drink anymore. when i had tried to 'get sober' in my past or refer to myself this way it sent me into a panic/tailspin and i would go and drink again. even typing that make me feel squirrely. ..does anyone else have this issue? i guess i just feel less alienated from my friends who do drink if i say that i don't drink rather than saying i am sober. they can drink without the same repercussions that i have if i choose to drink. regardless IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have an issue saying that I am sober; it's referring to myself as an alcoholic/addict that I have a problem with so I don't use those terms. I do say that I have an issue with drinking or that I was a binge drinker or that I couldn't control my drinking. I don't label it though. ..Do whatever makes you comfortable. No need for labels. If the term sober makes you uncomfortable it's totally cool to say that you're just not drinking.
.To myself I love the words  I'm sober. ..To others I keep it casual lol.  Oh I don't drink.  People haven't pressed.
I've never referred to myself as  sober ...not when I was drinking or now...haha.  I just tell people that I quit drinking beer...To me saying that I'm sober would mean that I accept the term  alcoholic.   I don't accept that term and I don't accept that label.  I was just a person that drank too many beers over too many years and got hooked...no different than a person who got hooked on caffeine.  No different than my addiction to nicotine.
100% this. Personally I find labels and the pressure to accept certain identities phenomenally unhelpful. (I know other people would disagree just speaking for myself.) As I see it they're a way of justifying to yourself both your past drinking and your present not-drinking. But you don't have to justify your decision to anyone - least of all yourself - for it to be completely valid.
I have had issues with the term sober. Have defaulted to living Alcohol Free. ..For me it is the difference between weakness and strength...Whatever works for you is the right choice
I've just been telling people I'm taking a break from alcohol. I imagine I'll even be doing this at a year in. If they ask I'll just tell them I'm taking a break for as long as it takes for it to stop feeling better than drinking did.
I was listening to Rachel Hart's podcast Taking a Break and she talked about the importance of words. The bottom line was that words are important and we may respond to words differently. It is important to pick words that set us up for success. Her main example was the phrase "I can't drink". For her he word can't set off negative emotions. Instead she decided to say "I choose not to drink" which made her feel in control. So while some people may feel great about saying they are sober if it doesn't sit right with you find an expression you feel good about. It might even change with time or circumstance and that's fine too. Each of us just has to find what helps us. Best wishes
