-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfp9mr/another_day_1_hoping_it_sticks_this_time/

Hello! I [27F] joined this subreddit today after being a long-time lurker who has always desired to slow down or stop drinking altogether. ..My struggle with abusing alcohol started around two years ago when I started a toxic relationship with a guy who centered his life around beer. Not necessarily getting drunk every night but he went through 4 beers after work each week night and complete benders on the weekend. I rarely saw him drink water/tea/coffee just booze. In an effort to connect I tried to keep pace with him and ended up adopting a similar mindset where casual everyday drinking was the norm. Unfortunately unlike him I DID drink specifically to feel drunk. I liked the relief it gave my mind  quieting anxious thoughts allowing me to act without fear of what others thought made me funnier etc etc. As an added bonus it made me lose my appetite entirely. My reasoning was if I consumed as little calories as possible during the day the drunk feeling would come in quicker at night. This led me to drop an alarming amount of weight (a lifelong struggle) and seeing myself shrink just made me want to continue my drinking habit that much more. ..Fast forward to today and I am no longer in that relationship. However many of its dangerous habits have carried on. Thankfully I no longer seek to drink daily like I used to. Unfortunately I still make poor decisions on the weekends and the occasional weekday that leads to a lot of unwanted consequences the morning-after. I have not necessarily hit rock bottom but I need to stop before I do. ..I have sworn off drinking many times in the past but after the hellish hangover fades and a fee days elapse I think to myself  Swearing off drinking is something alcoholics do. I'm not an alcoholic. I can have just a drink or two and keep it in moderation.  And to my shock and surprise that is NEVER the case. I start with one and it turns to seven. I no longer get that relaxed drunk feeling I chase even after drinking far more than I should. Instead I just pass out. I wake up in the morning and think of how pathetic I am. Cue the cycle. ..But today r/stopdrinking I am here with a pounding head and my last morning of regret. I no longer want to wake up in pain from the morning sun. So much of my life centers around when I can drink next that I am wasting days to live life fully. I want to wake up in the morning and be excited for my day. Excited to get moving. Excited to try new hobbies or pick up a new book. ..I'm ready for my last day one.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I hope you have a good day 1! I'm doing this again after a relapse and so I also hope to never have another day 1 and IWNDWYT.
Congratulations on day one!..I've picked up a new hobby and read loads of books since my day one...You got this!
Welcome!!! I can relate to a lot of your post I decided to enter sobriety at 27 as well drinking permeated everything in my social life (weekend benders sneaking beers into movie theaters any quiet night in with friends and board games always involved alcohol watching sports etc) so it was hard at first. Lots of changes but I can say from my experience that it has definitely been worth it. Take it slow one day at a time this subreddit helps a lot for me AA has worked and it gives me an IRL community and regularity to check in (for me a big part is being accountable) and meet others with similar problems around substances I take what I can that helps me from there and leave what doesn't fit for me contribute what I can and hope that it helps others. ..I won't drink with you today! Take care.
Thanks for your inspiring post I can relate to much of your experience but I kept drinking until 9 months ago and I was 44 yo. All the warning signs were there but I am an alcoholic and didn't want to quit.  When I was finally ready I tried by myself and kept drinking.  Luckily a friend introduced me to AA and I am learning how to not drink. I wake up w/o a hangover every day and am social again learning how to knit and reading again- have you read the Outlander series?  I love it!!!  There are a lot of ways to stop drinking but AA is working for me.  Take Care hang in there it will get better if you don't drink. IWNDWYT..r/women_in_recovery
