-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bfvs5o/loss_of_appetiteadvice/

Good Evening you awesome r/stopdrinking peers I have a bit of a delima and could use some advice. I've been trying to stop off and on for a couple months but frankly struggle to make it past day 3-4. Well I'm on day 5 mainly because I've gained lots of weight and it's impacting my job where I'm required to be physically fit...Fast forward to today and since I quit I've had a tremendous loss of appetite which in it's self isn't a problem just that I notice when I run I lose all energy very quickly where as when I drink I'm generally more uncomfortable/hungover but either the alcohol or the fact I'm actually eating means I have the endurance...For the advice I have a major physical test tomorrow and have been eating very little the last few days (not from a lack of trying) and am concerned I will flop. Should I have a single unit of alcohol (coming from and 30 a day) in lue of tomorrow in hopes I eat/maybe have the blood sugar to help? Or should I keep my five days and let tomorrow be what it's going to be...Thanks for making it this far reading my post I think i know the right answer just needed to vent about this unforseen and problematic side effect of stopping my favorite pastime and worst nightmare.
----------immediate responses--------

Have a banana before your test.
I woukd Hydrate and try eating a healthy meal. The alcohol is a def nogo for me. That would b my mind trying to make excuses fir why i should drink as opposed to the reality that i should never drink.
Good luck and don't drink...  Have some fruit juice for a quick blood sugar boost and try to eat something with slow burn carbs like oats or banana or even just a cereal bar.  Once you're through the interview think about eating as your next project.  Prep ahead when you've got the energy so that there is something tasty and healthy in the fridge for you when you're busy and low.
How did your test go?
