-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg1rs1/i_passed_45_days_sober_this_weekend/

This is the longest I've been sober in the past five years. I managed about a month last summer but the entire time I was waiting for a "good enough" excuse to drink again. I knew on that attempt that I was always going to relapse and I never really gave myself a fair shot at actually stopping. ..This time it's a lot different. Somehow it's been both way easier and a lot harder than it was before. Most days it's easy to not drink. I'll have the thought "Oh I should stop by the liquor store and-" but it's easy to ignore it and do something else. But some days it's still awful. Something will set me off and I'll feel like I'm going to crawl out of my skin with how badly I NEED to drink and I'll get so angry that I ended up in this position...But I know now that I can't have "just one". I know I can't trust the voice in the back of my mind that tells me to only drink for one night and then stop again. And I know that if I wait long enough the anger and the cravings will fade and I'll feel alright again...No matter how my day goes no matter how badly I want that drink I'm not going to have it. I'm happier and I like myself and my life more now than I have at any point while I was drinking and I'm not going to let alcohol ruin that for me again! IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 45 days!  You are correct in that you can't trust that voice it's a damned liar!  ..IWNDWYT!
Congratulations on 45 days the worst is behind you and I believe it will only get easier from here as you develop new habits and you work on any issues you might be facing. Best of luck to you!!!
Thanks for staying strong I feel like this is the one for me too. 1000 day 1s... But this is a very rare day 8. Iwndwyt.
Congrats!! I heard on the Rachel Hart podcast that the brain is like a toddler throwing a temper tantrum. That has stood out to me as being so true. You have to distract and refocus just like you would a toddler lol!
