-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg4lxa/getting_back_on_the_wagon/

I've been trying to get sober off and on for years at this point and I'm back to working on it. I figured if I became active on this sub it would be a helpful tool to keep my sobriety at the front of my mind and give me the opportunity to get and possibly give help. Today I'm 18 days sober and have only *really* struggled a few times. I do need some advice on a situation because I want to make sure I'm getting sober in a healthy sustainable way...&amp;#x200B;..Starting later this week and through the weekend I'll be in drinking situations every evening because we are attending an annual comedy festival which is a tradition and something we look forward to. I am often in situations like this with work because I'm in sales and it is a very drinking-oriented business with lots of travel and lots of "wining and dining" customers. What really struggle with is my wife drinking around me. She has a very healthy relationship with alcohol and she is also extremely supportive. She is willing to not drink around me which is a relief to me but I'm not sure it is fair of me to ask for that. It actually doesn't bother me most of the time e.g. if she has wine with dinner or at the end of the day or something but in situations that are strongly correlated to me drinking I feel like it only causes me to struggle much more. I'm sure there is not black and white answer here but do people have general guidance?
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 18 days! The struggle is real and it is hard but you can do it! Personally I would have no problem telling my husband not to drink around me if he had not of quit with me. That is just a temptation that I do not want to be around. IWNDWYT
My wife drinks around me... Saturday we worked on chores all day and normally would both go grab a beer.  She grabbed one I didn't.  Also she worked on a bottle of wine recently with dinner; I did not...For me it's been easy - I'm trying to get fit and I blame that... I can't eat carbs so I can't drink beer or wine... if someone mentions alcohol I just say I'm taking a break and rub my fat belly to indicate I'm doing it to lose weight not because I have a problem with alcohol.  You could even set a goal like running a 5K or 10K and say you don't want to drink because you're training and it'll set you back.  There are plenty of ways to justify not drinking without admitting to the problem...Plus - just wait till you go and see everyone else drinking - one of two things is likely to happen.  1) You'll see a bunch of people drinking responsibly and being normal and you'll remember that had you been drinking you might've missed that queue and kept drinking yourself stupid or 2) you'll see a bunch of people get stupid drunk and realize how bad it looks and you'll be glad you're not there doing it with them...Either way - don't worry about what anyone else thinks - you can do this for you... and if you don't want to talk about it there are plenty of easy excuses that won't cause a conversation to happen.
Great that you are active here. Most of the people here are relapsed nothing to be proud of but it's just a fact. I have very little support in real life so SD is my anchor. Welcome aboard
