-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg4y6p/2_years_and_one_month_gone/

I come back here a broken woman.  I hit two years of sobriety in March.  It felt great I was so happy.  Then on March 31 my husband of 23 years blindsided me and told me that he didn't want to be married anymore.  I've never experienced such despair or heartbreak in my life. I love this man with my whole heart.  He doesn't love me anymore though. ..On April 1 I had my first drink and that's all it took. For three weeks now I've drank almost every single day numbing the pain at night only to have the crushing pain and anxiety even worse in the morning. I've missed three days of work.  The depression over the marriage and now over drinking is crushing.  My whole life is out of my control right now.  ..This morning I woke up and decided I had to get at least one part of my life back in my control.  I cleaned everything out told my friends and husband that I won't let my short relapse ruin me and instead I'll learn from it and be stronger for it.  ..I may not be able to save my marriage but I can most certainly save my life.
----------immediate responses--------

sending great thoughts your way!
Yes you can save your life and you know exactly how! You can do it! IWNDWYT
Those 2 years aren't lost. You know just as much as anyone that the only thing alcohol will do is make your problems worse. I'm sorry about your heartbreak.    .    .iwndwyt
Welcome back. IWNDWYT
Iwndwyt
First: hugs. My marriage almost ended   we separated   and it sent me into a deep and dark spiral of despair and alcohol. I truly admire that you were able to pull yourself out. With that kind of strength and will power I'm sure you can face the future   and that it won't be long before things are back on solid (and hopefully even exciting) ground.
That sober time isn't gone you get to use the tools and wisdom you gain throughout that process to do this again. I'm sorry about the loss of your marriage. This is devastating and heartbreaking and as you know drinking can only make these feelings and experiences worse. So I'm glad you're doing what you need to do for yourself and posting here.
  
Been there it sucks. I drank myself into a hole for almost a year - still going to...All I can say is that the emotions from the divorce/separation we 110% easier handle when I took a week off during the summer. The pain of the divorce slowly fades away takes time though. Be kind to yourself get back to celebrating that 2 years sober you - I've never made it past a week. ..Here's to DAY 1 again
Hang in there girl!  It sucks for sure.  But sounds like you know what you need to do.
That sucks. The pain of heartbreak is so all-consuming. I'm so sorry you're going through this. I'm glad you're back on the wagon. Sending hugs.
Its not wasted time just remember that 2 years of healing always helps the brain and body. Jumping straight back on the wagon now certainly will be the best thing to do for your life. well done on coming back some people never make it back after relapse! i believe in you.
I'm kinda where you are at right now with some of the stress of relationships and relapsing. Keep your chin up OP. IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry hun!..But those two years aren't gone just because of a relapse. At least you know that a sober life is a better one. Don't let your husband lead you to self-destruction. I won't drink with you today.
I just came from IOP. We literally just had a class on learning from relapse as a whole experience. I cannot even fathom the emotional turmoil you are going through. But you are here and that is what counts. ..I would highly recommend therapy/psychiatric help. Divorce is hard especially when it comes out of no where (family experience on this front). ..I wish you the best and use this as a learning experience.
Hello. I am sorry to hear of this. Please know we all love you and care. Yes it may not be much comfort but I know a little how you feel as my wife left me also. ..You can come through this and you will be so much stronger.  Just remember no matter how bad things are a drink will not make it better.  Only worse. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John        
I agree that relapses can valuable learning experiences. May you continue to grow even stronger as a result of this pain. I'm so sorry for what you're going through. Please know that we are all here! Hugs.
sounds like youre not working a program. have u looked into alanon? and aa
