-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bg86e6/random_thoughts_nearing_6_months/

I'm at a downtown hotel lobby bar drinking an Americano and working on my laptop killing time while I wait to meet a friend for dinner. I didn't want to get out in traffic just to come back into town. So I thought this was a good time to take stock of where things sit as I approach the six month mark since my last drink. This was going to go in my private journal but I thought I'd share publicly instead in case it might be helpful...Deciding to kill 2 hours in a bar was unthinkable in my first few months. But now I realize that what made hanging out in a fancy hotel bar appealing was as much the atmosphere and the background noise and people watching the travelers not so much the alcohol. Sure I had been tricked by alcohol into thinking it was critical element...but once I got some distance and some confidence I realized that removing the alcohol from situations usually doesn't ruin the situation. So it's no problem to plop down order a coffee or a seltzer and get into the zone just like I used to with chardonnay or whiskey. I wouldn't have predicted that I would be a "sit at the bar and order a seltzer" guy. You learn about yourself as you go. I'm kind of a loner but I love public spaces. I'm grateful that I don't feel like I have to drink alcohol to enjoy them...Yesterday was Easter and we had our typical Sunday pool party we do a few times per season. I used to be the instigator of massive amounts of drinking at these parties. And when they were over I would typically continue long afterwards all alone. My Monday would be a nightmare and it would be a herculean effort to get some work done and try not to continue the bender. This time sober I noticed my mind and body kicking into habit mode at a surprising time. When everyone left the party my reptilian brain kicked in and I had a real live alcohol craving. The first challenging one in a while. I didn't come close to drinking but it was interesting to see that it was the POST party isolated secret shameful drinking that I craved.  Not the expected "everyone just got here and is hanging out " drinking - that wasn't tempting at all. And when I didn't give into that craving I noticed my afternoon turned into the first bit of angst-ridden boredom I've experienced in awhile. I mostly think it was just learned habits. Responding to a set of cues - me with nothing to do at my house after a pool party - my brain went looking for its dose of alcohol and didn't get what it wanted and threw a little tantrum. Next time that might happen but it will be less intense. After that it will not happen at all. So it goes...I go to SMART Recovery meetings multiple times per week. The program is great it really helped me get sober. I don't really need the tools as much anymore...but the meetings are a vital part of my sobriety. Sharing where I'm at on the day hearing where my peers are succeeding or struggling. I get a ton of value out of that process. I may train to become a facilitator of those meetings - the program is growing in our town and more meetings are needed. I really  want to help people find their way out. If I really like it maybe I could become a recovery coach or therapist some day. It would be a huge career change but huge changes are doable now...In my weaker moments I wonder how others perceive me as my whole sober self. I still choke on my words when I tell someone I don't drink anymore. It still seems on some level like a source of shame. I can take longer to warm up to a conversation than I used to when I had shortcuts and I worry that people think I've become unfriendly but really I just need to warm up. When I get there I think I'm every bit as fun as I was when I drank. I also now realize I'm not naturally very upbeat or chatty at night - it takes some work to get me going.  I'm a morning person. Perhaps that was why alcohol was so useful to me and I learned to lean on it so heavily. All of this is OK - it's part of the journey learning these things...I'm really pleasantly surprised at this work and how it's going. I thought I would hate the whole process of recovery even as I knew I needed it. Turns out it's a gift to have encountered this.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Congrats on 6 months! That is awesome! Thank you for sharing as I found it very inspiring! IWNDWYT
I love reading posts like this - thank you for taking the time out to share. Helps me visualize things that I will need to cope with later on down the line. Very helpful!
Excellent work handling yourself. Much like you I'm a bit of a loner and quite happy that way. I do enjoy the company of others but small talk with randos isn't my thing. I've learned that I began using alcohol at an early age to level the playing field. It was easier for me to enjoy hanging out with people I'd typically find boring if I was slightly loaded...Over the last couple of years I've worked on restructuring my life to fit me to make me happy in my own skin. Life is really much more fun and enjoyable sober that's why I keep at it. I don't let my slips bowled me all the way over rather I take the opportunity to reevaluate what's going on in my life that lead me to make the choice take that first drink again...I wish you continued success!!! IWNDWYT
this was inspiring and insightful to read thank you for sharing definitely gives me hope for my future if I stay strong on my sober path.
Epic thoughtful post - thank you!
I love posts like this thanks for sharing :). Sometimes there doesn't have to be some great take-away or sound-byte-able catchphrase a regular day with its ups-and-downs and interesting thoughts is plenty to chew on. Hope you are being kind to yourself friend &lt;3
