-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgsdic/cheat_day_or_relapse/

I had a "cheat day" recently it actually worked fine (well i probably honestly drank too much but i didnt mess my life up) the next day i went back to being sober and all was fine... Trouble is my mother and boyfriend are really dissapointed in me and im struggling with that. Now i have a bottle of wine that im so so tempted to drink and thats worsened by my emotions but i dont want to disappoint anyone again and i just idk how to feel because im just trying to control my drinking not stop it all together and yeah i needed to express this somewhere
----------immediate responses--------

Hey OP..cheat days usually lead to relapse. I don't want to tell you how to live your sobriety but if a cheat day is causing you strife - it's probably best to pour the bottle down the drain and start thinking about your recovery. It's hard to control the drink when it controls us - and for that I am a firm believer of just getting out of our lives. ..Keep your chin up we're here for you...IWNDWYT
I'm glad you felt able to express your feelings in this space. You speak about disappointing others but for me the biggest thing was always how disappointed I felt in myself after drinking. I still get that feeling of wanting to drink a whole bottle of wine but I know how bitterly disappointed I will be with myself afterwards if I do. I also know how sweet it feels to wake up the next day momentarily panic but then fill with relief when I remember that I did not drink. ..The way you speak about probably still drinking too much on your cheat day seems to indicate that while it worked out ok for you this time you already know in yourself that it may not have been the best idea for you. But just take it one step at a time one second at a time if need be... The impact that drinking has on those around us can be a motivating factor to stop however ultimately it has to be for your own self. ..Take care. IWNDWYT!
&gt;I had a "cheat day" recently it actually worked fine (well i probably honestly drank too much but i didnt mess my life up) the next day i went back to being sober and all was fine... ..&gt;Now i have a bottle of wine that im so so tempted to drink.....For me that's the danger of the idea of a "cheat day" or thinking that "just one is fine". For me it's *not* fine having a cheat day or having just one *will* inevitably lead me back into the cravings and eventually back into daily blackout drinking. ..I remember the times when I was still trying to "cut down".  I'd get frustrated that I couldn't and my wife would get angry at me and then I'd be posed off that she was angry. My solution for that frustration and anger was to drink it away...talk about insanity.
I just had some  cheat  days and it isn't worth it.  The cycle of not being able to sleep thirsty in the middle of the night eating more than usual and etc DONT do it!!!! Stay strong...
[removed]
I'm so grateful that my days of self dilution of controlled drinking and drugging are over. Not saying it can't be done.. But i am saying that this alcoholic can't do it. Best of luck whatever u decide. IWNDWYT
Please be careful.. my moderate drinking 3 weeks ago has put me right back to day 2 and it sucks!
I found that I needed another voice in my head besides my own because my own voice was the voice of my addiction and couldn't be trusted. I had to "give up" and listen to someone else who loved me instead of myself. It helped me get sober AND it opened me up and brought us closer which helped cure the loneliness which caused my drinking in the first place.
