-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bguuid/1_year_sober_if_i_can_you_can_too/

 365 Days sober today. Here is a part of my story I hope some of you can find hope strength and inspiration from it...So today marks the one year anniversary of when I finally to turn over my life put everything on hold and go to detox and then rehab. I'm 31 now and between the age of 15-30 I don't think I had a single sober day although there was a brief period in my early 20's that I got down to 3 beers a day and was working out like crazy. But outside that brief timeframe I was a hardened alcoholic. In the time leading up to a stint in a mental health facility in 2015 I was drinking almost .75 gallon of vodka every 1.5 days. This path unfortunately led me to the brink of suicide and my resulting lock up with the crazies for 2 weeks in state MH facility...Oh did I mention my wife was pregnant at that time? After I got out I started getting professional help. My shrink informed me that I was an alcoholic and I needed to quit drinking or I'd wind up back where I was before. I was no longer suicidal and I couldn't be an alcoholic right? I was in full on denial. I started back up again with just beer well my 3 beers turned into 8 that very first night. A few days later I was back to drinking gut-rot vodka...Eventually my wife told me I needed to stop drinking it was the source of many of our arguments from that point forward. I began hiding my drinking even when my son was born I was still hiding my drinking from everyone. What was some of the happiest moments in my families and my own life tainted by the aftertaste of shitty vodka on my tongue. Eventually the gutrot vodka was replaced by 100proof nips up to 20 a day...After going through the ringer of drinking getting caught. Tapering starting all over again getting caught ***again.*** I was on the verge of losing everything. My wife was done I was going to lose my marriage my house and my son. Even my performance at work had deteriorated sharply. I think I was on the verge of being let go...So after tapering for a few days at my parents and talking to my best friends I was convinced to get help. I called up a detox/rehab facility called up my work HR booked my check in for later that day and went on extended FMLA leave from work. I spent 14 days in a rehab facility with no access to my phone or the outside world. All I could do was interact with fellow recovering addicts attend AA / NA meetings learn to eat food again (vodka had destroyed my stomache I hadn't eaten properly in years) and learn to deal with everything I had been putting off to that point in my life...I wish I could say things immediately got better. They didn't. My wife was still convinced she was going to leave me we even sold my house while I was in the facility. Upon completion of my detox protocol I was offered the chance to go home and complete what my counselor called the "spin cycle". Alternatively I was offered the opportunity to go to an extended stay rehab facility luckily the guys from my EAP and my insurance company recommended this route. My insurance even covered the entire stay after hitting my $2500 deductible...The next few months were hard I had to learn to live without drugs or alcohol. I had never even attempted this my entire adolescent and adult life were occupied by drinking and using drugs. I didn't know how to be a person without them. During this time I became very well acquainted with the AA program. I've read the entire big book and some of the supporting texts as well. I dove into AA attending 2 meetings a day during the time I was in rehab...Eventually my relationship with my wife had begun to recover. I was on path to be released from detox and I had lined up a room for myself at a local sober house. Despite being nearly 2 months sober I was still not yet ready to trust myself with my own sobriety. I spent the next 3 months in that house and I attended a mix of NA / AA between 3-7 times a week during that time period. I once again had to re-learn how to exist as human person in the real world without drugs and alcohol and without the assistance of being secluded from society in rehab. A bunch of my rehab buddies were living this same town as me going to the same meetings as me. I wish I could say they all made it too. But I know that they didnt I would say that out of every 5 of us 3 relapsed within that first month outside of rehab...I didn't let this stop me I just kept my head down and pushed on. I've been pushing now for a year and I honestly can't believe how quickly that time has gone by. I remember that before I went in to get help the thought of a single night without alcohol seemed impossible to me. Now I live life as a person not defined by constant intoxication at the hands of gut wrench vodka...If hopeless me can make it this far you can too.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your story.  Congratulations on your first soberversary your baby your  new  marriage and your NEW life!
Congratulations on your one year anniversary and your lease on a new life!  I am nearing my anniversary as well and I appreciate the devotion this takes.  Let's keep it up and IWNDWYT!
Congratulations! You've accomplished some amazing things for yourself and your family...There are many times that I felt hopeless and I still sometimes do but your story is a big inspiration for me...Let's keep going! IWNDWYT :)
That is awesome! Congratulations on your soberversary! Being human again is the best feeling in the world. IWNDWYT!
Wow. Easily one of the more powerful stories I've read on this sub. Congrats and stay strong.
Thank you for sharing your story and congrats!
Congrats!  I'm so happy to hear you're doing it!  Keep on keepin' on!
Truly inspirational.  So happy that your son not only has sober you but that he has you at all.   I could feel the gut-wrenching trauma in your recounting how close you were to not making it.  The disappointed look in your surgeon's face...I know that look well.  Amazing!  If you can do it so can we.
Congratulations on 365 days sober nicely done.
