-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgvgmo/day_4_long_post/

Hello all! First time poster here and am on day four. Been lurking for quiet a while and this sub has been very helpful. Just wanted to introduce myself and I feel like I need to vent.  Much gratitude for allowing me to share my story with others who are in a similar situation. ..I'm 31 and struggled with binge drinking all through my twenties and into my thirties. I picked up my drinking habits somewhat in high school whenever it was available. My friends and I would binge about every weekend around the age of 17. This carried on throughout college and I joined the Marines on my 20th birthday. In the military drinking is a big part of downtime and commonly accepted as the norm. I was infantry and that's pretty much all we did when we weren't training in the field or deployed. Did that for about four years but wasn't able to do it everyday obviously. I did my time and was honorably discharged at the age of 24. ..I found myself back at home and going back to school full time to finish up my degree. I was getting all of it paid for and was getting a paycheck each month just to be a full time student. Easy stuff but I wasn't used to all the extra free time. I got bored rather quickly and began drinking during the week about every other day. I was getting to class on time and making good grades but my drinking habits soon caught the attention of my family. I quit drinking for a few months completely but started it again on the weekends. That lasted until about a year ago when I turned 30. ..I have a good job and get paid well  but have a lot of downtime. If there's no issues for the day most don't even notice me so it's pretty much cake on most days. I'm a trouble shooter so they don't really need me unless there's an issue. My company has done really well the past year and honestly I haven't had to do very much but show up. So this opened up the door for me with even more free time. I have never drank at work or been in any legal trouble due to alcohol abuse however. Luck is all it is. ..Life is good. Bought a house and met a wonderful woman. Got engaged and I'm the happiest I've ever been. I'm not sure why - but I slowly began drinking through the week after work. I get to hang out with my beautiful fianc  every day and have a few beers and get to work. I got pretty damn relaxed and pretty damn complacent. Pretty soon I was drinking every single day and those two beers turned into a twelve pack a night. I'm not really sure how it happened but that's what I was doing for the past year. Slowly I started getting sloppy with pretty much everything in my life. I felt sick all the time and didn't know why. I was showing up to work late and leaving early because I wanted to get home and drink. I never really acknowledged I had a problem until I met my fianc .  She's amazing and I want to give her the best of me instead of the drunk me. ..Went to church last Sunday for Easter with my family. Hungover of course and smelling like booze from the night before. I looked at myself in the mirror and all the great things I have in my life. I was ashamed of the man I was becoming. I could kinda feel like I was slipping into a hole. I decided it was time to stop that day. Sorta randomly like a light switch went off and I had a moment of clarity. I'm on day four now and I'm proud of myself. ..I was terrified of reading stories about withdrawal. I'm almost positive I've been through DT's before in the past and just thought I was dreaming or sleep walking. My anxiety has been high and I've been a bit paranoid. I've soaked the bed sheets every night this week from sweat and I feel gross. Detox hasn't been too bad but it's still scary. Having a few twitches here and there and didn't take off work. Been drinking water like a mad man and trying to stay hydrated. Hopefully I'm in the clear now with for any major withdrawal symptoms. Feel a bit better each day and my mental clarity seems to be coming back. ..Anyway I just wanted to say thank you to each one of you that has posted and shared their stories. It helps so much to know you aren't alone. One thing I do know now though is that moderation will not work for me because of the way I am wired. Be confident in yourselves and know that whatever bad you have done you don't have to be that person today or ever again if you so choose. I will not drink because I can not control it when I do. I know I have a long road ahead and will be tempted and that I'm only on day 4. I'll make it to day 5 though. One day at a time. Thanks again for letting me share and I wish all of you the best of luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome out of lurker mode and congrats on 4 days that's awesome!..Withdrawals are scary. If anything gets worse see a doctor...But here's the silver lining: lots and lots of amazing things are happening right now. Check out [these timelines!](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_how_long_until...)..Each day gets easier. Would love to hear your updates so please keep posting!
Congrats on day 4! You can do it! We are here! IWNDWYT
Wow so much of what you shared resonated with me (Old Army 12 Bravo here!)..A lot of this I could have written especially around the whole I had it under control but then somehow I found that I was drinking a 12 pack a night somehow.....That's what makes this whole thing so insidious it is so damned sneaky.....Personally I have more important things in my life to work on.  My relationship with my wife and kids my career my relationship with myself (Hell that was the scary part early on I didn't even know who I was anymore absent alcohol)!!!..One big thing that always stuck with me from the Army is the first time we trained through and ambush scenario.  We were doing a movement to contact and along our way we were ambushed.  Our old Vietnam-era Platoon Sgt. yelling  YOU HAVE TWO CHOICES IN AN AMBUSH ACT AND TRY AND FIGHT TOUR WAY OUT; OR DIE IN PLACE! ..So here you are acting and deciding not to die in place.  That's fantastic!  Now Ruck-up and soldier on!  I've got you 12:00 and the trail ahead is clear.  I will not drink with you today (IWNDWYT)!
This struck a chord.  Day 3 over here.  It's a crazy thing when you wake up and realize that you have a good job and are in a loving relationship but you're drinking it all away.  All for what?  This hit me hard the other day as well...I'm with you-  I've been dealing with the twitching.  Sleeplessness.  Emotions.  But it's better than being like I was.  Keep it up!
Thanks and all the best to you. I will not drink with you today  
