-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bgzfql/bit_of_a_struggle_tonight/

I haven't drank just saying this now...Earlier I really felt like having a drink tonight just the thought of sat enjoying my evening with alcohol sounded pretty good...But I didn't...I'm finding it daunting thinking about forever with no alcohol even though this is what I want. I'm trying to take it day by day but I guess tonight have been one of those uneasy ones...I need to find something to keep me busy but I don't have hobbies I sit and watch tele or browse Reddit. Maybe if I had something fun to do I might not want to turn to alcohol?..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Go to AA or SMART recovery meetings. Find sober contacts. It's super easy because their alternatives are your alternatives. Sitting around getting up in your own head and sadly eventually drinking again.
I tried all the hobbies when I quit - crochet painting dancing cross stitch diamond painting online shopping. Keep trying things until something works. ..Also read books. This Naked Mind and Stop Drinking are good options.
Absolutely it helps.  I go to meetings spend more quality time with family and friends ride my horse in the country take my dog for a walk or hike read watch new or old series on TV play pool helped my son paint a guitar he built camp.  Now that I think of it I don't know how I had time to drink and be a zombie all the time.  Life is so much more fun and rewarding now.
I popped on here to say too.. read This Simple Mind.. Chapter covers exactly what you talk about. It is a podcast too.. with small bites of info at a time. I pop on a short 10 minute one if I need to challenge a crappy thought in my head. ..Well done you for not giving in even when you were struggling.
I wanted a drink bad last night.  If it weren't for having to reset my badge I probably would've gone to the store for some vodka.  Instead I went for a (totally unsatisfying) walk - then came in and just went to bed.  Today I'm glad I didn't do it - but I sure wanted to.
