-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhdtrk/struggling/

I am struggling.  I am a 33 year old woman who has struggled since I was 19 with addiction issues.  I never had a problem with alcohol before till the past two years.   My husband deployed and it became an escape two years ago.  I was able to come off of it pretty easy when I wanted to though during that time but it became a comfy warm blanket for me.  Wine eventually turned into shots of liquor every night at 9pm then was 7pm then it was 5pm and eventually now it is 10am and all through out the day.   I am constantly buzzed and it's hard to think of not having that feeling anymore.  I feel so much shame so much guilty and embarrassment.  Today its 11am here and I have made it an hour without alcohol.  I've literally spent the last week and a half in a constant state of drinking.  I want to be better for my family.  Last night I was pretty close to suicide.  I had drank so much that I let something my husband said twist into things they weren't.  We just  moved to Hawaii and I am struggling with adjusting here and without alcohol I don't know how.  I don't know why I'm posting but I needed to tell someone other than my husband.
----------immediate responses--------

My wife finds talking things out with her Women's AA group a huge help in her sobriety. I know for me this shit sneaks up on you. It was fun until it was not fun anymore then it became a boat anchor trying to take me down to the bottom of the ocean. Hang in there!
Hey it's alright. I know just what you're dealing with. It's not fun. Starting with one day is all it takes. I come here for support everyday and it has really been my life saver. You don't have to live this way any longer you can do it. ..I will not drink with you today  
Your story is pretty much exactly like mine. At the end I was taking shots of liquor pretty much non stop throughout the day. It wasn't even fun anymore. I think of it as  drinking without my own permission . I heard that somewhere once and it is exactly how my last few months a year really we're. I'm only a week sober but I feel so much better. Even when my anxiety flares right now I know it will be so much worse if I drink. Start by talking to your doctor to make sure you are medically safe to detox. And just know you're not alone. I've been right where you are.
You can do this i know hard &amp; you might feel alone we have your back honey girl :)
Right there with you! I know all the places that are open before 11 am serving booze around my house...Would usually be from around 10-11am (If I got past noon I considered that a success) all the way until about 7-8pm.  The average person wouldn't be able to tell I was carrying around an all-day buzz -- which was my new normal.  Oddly I'd never get drunk drunk...Gave myself a challenge and going to stick it out because I know once that MOMENTUM kicks in and you (and I) start feeling better you (and I) won't struggle as much.  Just know its temporary and any feelings you have right now are an illusion that your future self will see through...Good luck!
Have you tried speaking with a doctor? There are ways to reduce the anxiety of quitting cold turkey and if you get help and keep coming here you won't need them for long. See an addictions counselor afterwards but a medical professional should be step 1.
There's nothing you should feel ashamed of. You're admitting you have a problem and asking for help and you should never feel bad about your decision to do that. That's already the hardest part of getting sober and you're so strong to have gotten to this point. I know a new place is terrifying especially when you take away your coping mechanism but you can do this. And if you feel up to it and have the means you should think about seeing an addiction therapist.
Welcome you've come to the right place for support. This sub has been my support since I stopped drinking as I knew my SO wouldn't fully understand the struggle...I will not drink with you today.
There are so many things I thought I couldn't handle without alcohol bc alcohol was the only way I knew how to handle things. Now I've been through a handful of Firsts without being able to rely on alcohol and I realize I am so much more capable than I realized. It takes a fuck Ton of work and time and energy. We are here. IWNDWYT
One day and one moment at a time. We've all been there - the alcohol is a demon that makes us believe lies. It's a warm crutch at first until it ruins your life. Stay strong. IWNDWYT
Welcome we are glad you are here!  One day at a time you can do it IWNDWYT
I'm military as well. I would encourage you to take advantage of your Tricare benefits and reach out for help!  I hope the very best for you. There is a life past all of this
Look into Kratom.  It has helped a lot of people with alcoholism.
Be careful and take care of yourself. Don't be afraid of reaching out to a doctor. Withdrawals can be serious. That said you are doing the best thing you'll ever do for yourself and your family. You can do this!  I read This Naked Mind in my early days of sobriety and it really helped me put alcohol in perspective. It is a poison that we slowly kill ourselves with yet it is normalized by advertising and social pressure. Stay strong and keep us posted!
I know those feelings. The only way i can deal with them is through sobriety. Start today. Find a person you can talk to. See a doctor so you will be safe. Much love to you. I am proud of you for facing this.
Dharmapunks podcast is really helping me thanks to this group. I'm just starting too and my brain is screaming. I've been sleeping to it and everything. Our brain is telling us to stop and face the pain. It sucks.
