-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhhi9r/longtime_lurker_ready_to_change/

Hey everyone.Been following this sub for months and although I've flirted with the idea of stopping drinking I never had to will power to last..I had excuses like it's not everyday I drink or I deserve a drink after a crappy day..I can't just have 1 though and don't stop until I'm struggling around trying to make it to bed..I'm going to commit to not drinking today though and go from there..Does anyone have any tips/distractions? Any advice at all?.Thankyou and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I lied to myself for years. I wasn't a daily drinker how could I be an *alcoholic*?..I was the same as you. I thought it was the binging that was the problem not the alcohol. If I could get it under control it'd be fine. So I quit and for a month I lasted. But then after a month I thought hey what's the harm?..I relapsed and my drinking got worse. In ten weeks I drank no less than twenty five times. And it got worse - I was doing things drunk I didn't understand things I never would have done sober. Then I hurt people and it took that to finally snap me the fuck out of it...It doesn't matter if I didn't drink every day I am an alcoholic. And I'm on Day 2.
I lied to myself for years. I wasn't a daily drinker how could I be an alcoholic?..I was the same as you. I thought it was the binging that was the problem not the alcohol. If I could get it under control it'd be fine. So I quit and for a month I lasted. But then after a month I thought hey what's the harm?..I relapsed and my drinking got worse. In ten weeks I drank no less than twenty five times. And it got worse - I was doing things drunk I didn't understand things I never would have done sober. Then I hurt people and it took that to finally snap me the fuck out of it...It doesn't matter if I didn't drink every day I am an alcoholic. And I'm on Day 2. Don't let yourself do what I did don't kid yourself. ..I personally went to my first AA meeting today and I found it sincerely eye opening. I think it's important because the chip is a physical reminder and there's a level of commitment and community. I realized I couldn't do it on my own because when I tried I relapsed...Best of luck friend. IWNDWYT.
Tips: read "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. There's a lot going on in our subconscious that needs to be re-trained when it comes to drinking and a lot of us have found her book to be a fantastic non-judgmental read. She also has a free podcast that is wonderful...Distractions: comedy shows lots of good food fizzy water or other fun non-alcoholic beverages on hand and getting out into nature to breathe in the fresh air.
I lurked this sub for a while too. I had this negative image in my mind of sobriety as this like miserable grey depressing existence where nothing is fun and you're tormented by cravings forever and it's something you do only as a desperate last resort to avoid death. It was pretty messed up in retrospect. It turns out what I feared about sobriety the miserable hopeless painful existence was actually my *reality* of getting drunk every night. ..What helped me a lot was tomorrow. Realizing that no matter what hell I go through tonight staying sober it will be worth it tomorrow morning. And it has been. Every single time. I have *never* woken up wishing I had gotten drunk last night. ..I still think about it in those terms. I am making a conscious decision to not drink tonight - even though I could and no one would stop me - because I want tomorrow to be better. Today was good because I didn't drink last night.
After you are sober for a month or so you will be shocked by how good you feel . you will have more energy and you will want to do more things. And you will wake up refreshed without a hangover.  One day at a time seems to work the best. You could try the daily pledge. Reading all the posts here will help you when you find other people just like you. IWNDWYT
