-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhhquz/the_worst_part_is_the_stress_impulse/

So I served the first part of my sentence for a dui which was jail time. It sucked (obviously) but I majorly struggled with the crushing craving of wanting a drink after I got home...I realized I was missing an emotional high. Some type of high where I didn't care the world seemed a little brighter for awhile and I could have a good time...On my last post someone mentioned having to fill the whole in my personality that alcohol left. Man if that isn't the truth. I realized alcohol is a huge part of my identity and it's actually ridiculous I feel this miserable not drinking. I know this is better for me even if the weird side of my mind is screaming at me to let loose and have a good time. The excuses of summer cook outs festivals ect are creeping in and I'm glad that I can decline most of them. I'm just not ready to be around alcohol safely. I don't know if I ever will be. I originally just wanted to not drink as often but it honestly scares me how much of my life was taken over by drinking now that I've had a lot of time to reflect. ..I'm not shading people who can and do moderate well. I just personally see my future crumbling at the bottom of a wine glass. I poured one today but it ended up down the drain even if crying-me was convinced it would make me feel better. It never does. The hangovers always suck and I'm so sick of who I turn into even after one drink. How the hell does anyone navigate this world sober? I'm searching for my answer and it's been a huge struggle. ..On the plus side I'm on track for losing weight again without wine. It's nice to fit into some of my cute clothes again. I hope improving my image even superficially is enough to start out...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

  IWNDWYT
I totally understand this. I know that feeling of wanting to let loose and have fun and feeling like alcohol will provide that for one night. ..The only consolation I can give us that if you wait it out a bit and give yourself more time that nagging screaming feeling that only a drink will bring relief will actually quiet down. Or at least it will grow weaker and become less present. And in the meantime your world opens up to more ways of having fun or relaxing. ..IWNDWYT   
Congrats on realizing sometimes it is better to say no and take care of you. I struggle with that and am not really looking forward to that this summer. ..Thank you for sharing I really commend you for taking that difficult time and making it into something positive for yourself. Keep pouring it out!! :)  IWNDWYT
