-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhnjcu/first_post_here_kind_of_a_lot_to_unpack/

First off. Thanks for listening to me...I have an alcohol problem. Fortunately the effects on my life have not gotten to a place where I've done terrible harm to people my options job prospects or personal self. Alcohol is deep rooted in my psyche as a way to enjoy things in life "more" and that if I don't drink then those things I'll enjoy less. I've conditioned myself to want to drink at every dinner meal because it'll taste better. I've conditioned myself to drink more at social events because I'm a better dancer. I've conditioned myself around people to have a few drinks because I'm more conversational...All of these things building up in my mind that I'm less of a person sober than when I am drunk. And I hate that...Not to mention although I'm in a good place in life every goal I have for myself is 100% being held back by my decision related to alcohol. I have specific gym goals and weight goals I'm not achieving because I binge eat like a fiend when I drink. I have career goals that I want to get to but don't study for because I slept like shit due to being drunk. I have social places I want to be but often cancel on because I'm too tired because I was up too late partying. And the hangovers last for DAYS so one 4am drunk night will literally set me back 3 or 4 days of productive living...I'm 31 years old condo owner successful career no "baggage" in regards to DUIs arrests exes children etc. My whole life is literally here in front of me but alcohol is holding me back from being my best self...For the past few months I've been thinking to myself "I can definitely do moderation". Problem is I can't. Inevitably once a week I get absolutely piss drunk and stay up til 4 am and throw away the next 3 days catching up from a hangover and lack of sleep. I finally start feeling clear good energetic and once I feel that way in my head I go "hell yeah! let's go have a good time!" /repeat cycle...I don't know if I have goals related to staying 100% sober or maintaining a streak. But it's been 5 days since I've had a drink (longest streak in over a year) and I feel really good and obviously want to keep it going. I want to start achieving some of those goals that alcohol has held me back from...I really appreciate seeing all of your posts and personal stories and although mine isn't necessarily as "bad" as some of yours are it's obviously still a personal struggle that is relative to everybody. My goal is to curb it before it ends up being something I really regret...Thanks for listening to me everybody :) I don't know what the future will hold or what I'll end up achieving related to sobriety but I figure having a tangible post here as a starting point was a good idea.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you on 5 days! If you decisde to stay sober you will never regret it! This is the longest I have been sober in over a decade and the benefits are awesome. I am in it for forever! IWNDWYT
First - welcome!!!..And you will not regret being sober.  Not at all...&gt;For the past few months I've been thinking to myself "I can definitely do moderation". Problem is I can't. Inevitably once a week I get absolutely piss drunk and stay up til 4 am and throw away the next 3 days catching up from a hangover and lack of sleep...I identify with this so much.  I cannot do moderation either.  I chose sobriety.  You can do it OP.  You really can!!!  You have a great start under your belt - why throw that away?..Good luck!  IWNDWYT.
Welcome. I don't think you will find many of us that thought we quit too soon.  Better now if you can than if you wait like I did and lose more than you were willing to lose. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT
I had a 7 year sobriety streak in which I had two kids got a master's degree 4 technical certifications lost 45 lbs ran a marathon and ultra bought and sold houses (upgrades) became an amateur powerlifter learned two foreign languages and upgraded my career 4 times...I decided alcohol wasn't an issue like I'd made it out to be. I drank the next year. I didn't accomplish anything more than lower my work performance and prompt my wife to start considering a divorce...I haven't drank for 10 months again now and since then I've received a 10% raise at work improved and maintained my house drastically improved my familial relationships and my wife and I are doing great...Alcohol sucks man. Welcome.
