-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhodad/long_term_sobriety_after_years_of_relapse/

Has anyone on here achieved long term sobriety after spending years trying to be sober? I have been working on remaining sober since 2014. And I will spend 2 or 3 months sober then start drinking agian for a couple months. Rinse and repeat. I dont really want to give up quitting but I feel so broken. I want to stop drinking but then I drink agian and I am losing heart that I can actually maintain sobriety. I have been through in patient and out patient rehabs. Go to AA meetings when I can. Have been in therapy since 2014 I feel like such a loser. Like the weakest pile of poop.
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't done it long term but perhaps it's in your mindset. Have you tried reading Allen Carr's Easy Way to Quit Drinking Without Willpower? That could be really helpful for you especially if you've already quit that long with willpower. It worked for me and he just kind of tries to break it down by telling you that you're not giving up anything (which you aren't). It sounds like you're suffering from a mindset problem. It's like flipping a little switch. I'm so impressed that you actually made it 2-3 months sober using only your willpower. I could never do that. Hang in there - grab the book! That combined with AA is really helpful for me. IWNDWYT
The key is persistence. You are not weak or a pile of poop. You keep trying and that is the most important part of gaining and keeping your sobriety. Even your relapses are opportunities to learn more about yourself and your addiction (triggers lies your addiction tells you choices that you make when you buy into the lie). I listened to an interview that Dax Shepard did with an old friend who knew Dax before he got sober. The friend said that he had seen Dax's Big Book and that on the last page there was a column of dates written in and scratched out each reflecting a "Day 1" that got reset due to a relapse. Dax expressed embarrassment about how long that was. The friend said he was blown away by the courage and persistence it reflected. Keep showing up. Keep doing the work. You are worth it even when you feel badly about yourself. IWNDWYT
Not me but a close friend was in and out of AA for 2 decades. The last time he came in he decided to get a sponsor and work the program. He's 7 years sober now and a completely different person. It wasn't easy he  fired' his sponsor several times  but he says himself it was his ego roaring at him. Keep coming back friend.  
I had a year and a half sober than four years of on and off (mostly on) drinking.  Now nearly two and half years sober.  My desire to stop drinking finally won over my repeated relapses.
