-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhoi86/day_5_any_advice_gratefully_recieved/

After 4 days of struggling with sweats shivers anxiety...and strangely lots of ice cream :) I got through it (I even played football and didn't go into the bar afterwards). I woke up today feeling a lot stronger and happier. I felt like I had turned a corner but now it's the weekend. This is going to be so hard as I'm getting the urges! I keep trying to think of my 7 year old daughter and staying strong for her. I keep trying to think of how miserable I will feel tomorrow or how long it will take for this next binge to end if I talk myself into "one pint won't hurt" again. ..I'm quite scared of never drinking again to be honest. It gave me so much confidence. I may have lost my wife because of drink but I would never have spoken to her in the first place if it wasn't for drink. I feel like I will probably have to lose some of the best friends I have by trying to get sober as it is the only way.
----------immediate responses--------

What works for me is remembering that I don't have to quit drinking for the rest of my life. I simply have to not drink today. And tomorrow should I succeed I'll wake up and promise to not drink that day too. I was also terrified that I'd lose my friends by going sober but by and large it hasn't happened. Getting sober actually helped me clarify who was an actual friend and who was simply a drinking buddy. The former I've kept the latter have mostly faded away. It hasn't bothered me much really...I joined AA in part because I wanted to meet more sober people   almost purely as a social outlet. I was expecting to not relate to anyone in the program but instead the opposite has proven to be the case. Have you looked into AA meetings in your area?
Congrats on reaching day 5! I am heading into my first weekend too and can definitely relate. The way I am trying to think about it is by thinking about all of the things I really want to get done this weekend and imagining how much easier it will be to do them without feeling exhausted foggy and mad at myself...Another way I've seen it put is to just think of this one weekend as an experiment. We've had so many drunk weekends already and we know what those are like it can't hurt to try just this one weekend off to see what it's like...I also fall into the trap of getting really anxious when thinking about quitting for the long haul. So I am finding a lot of truth to the one day at a time cliche. Good luck friend! iwndwyt
When honest with myself early on I realized how much time I dedicated to my drinking and how little time I spent doing for others...You have a child how about making this weekend about them?  Fill your weekend with doing things with them and tell alcohol to go to hell?!..As another person replied treat this like and experiment.  See what it's like being present and sober and not hungover...  I am looking forward to waking up tomorrow and enjoying a beautiful day feeling good and being grateful for the opportunity to make life about more than me and my old drinking problem!  IWNDWYT or tomorrow!
