-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhpkw2/day_3_today_feels_harder_much_harder/

I decided yesterday that I want to be 100% sober. No drugs in addition to no alcohol. I have been in denial for a while that those are a problem for me too. Alcohol was an obvious factor that needed to change but the drugs were much harder to admit to myself. I would do them  alcoholically  too if that makes sense. I am just as prone to the same type of behavior and I feel powerless against it. So for me those have to go too...I'm struggling hard and it's only day 3. But I want to keep going. I need to remember why I started in the first place...I am proud of myself for NOT drinking last night when I had an anxiety attack. Instead I called my cousin texted another friend and cried in bed. I couldn't sleep but I did NOT take to the bottle to aid me with that. That's a win right?..I hope I can look back on this one day and be proud of myself. Three days is the longest I've gone in a while without a drink. This is one of the most difficult things I've ever had to do...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

100% a win!!! I've actually found that my anxiety has really decreased now that I'm sober. So it's a win win
I had a bad day 4 so that's pretty close to yours. Once I got through it I started to improve. I have moments of course but nothing as bad as that day. From talking to people here I think we are totally normal and that great improvements are coming. I already feel a million times better! Just have to get through those first awful days and then you'll see why you're doing this. IWNDWYT!
In my experience Day 3 is a big challenge. If I can get three days in a row the next weeks are much better. Try to hang in there. Maybe keep reading SD posts which may remind you why you want to quit. The first time I was in rehab I made a list of my own reasons to get sober and that helped me when my addicted brain would try to convince me otherwise. I really understand your struggle.
I always found Day 3 the hardest speaking as someone who relapsed so many times on Day 3. If you can get past Day 3 past Week 1 then you're off to Month 1 :) Stay in bed all day if you have to do whatever it takes. Yes it's difficult but it's also worth it. Keep on trucking.
I'm on day 4 and yesterday and today are rough. But hey crying in bed not able to sleep is better than passing out from booze and waking up hungover. The little steps. You got this.
That's a win right?..Hells yes that's a win!  This might be on the most difficult things you've had to do but I promise you it will be worth it.  Imagine the you at 5 days sober a week a month 20 years... what do they all have in common?  They are cheering their hearts for this Day 3 you!
When I was in early recovery I lapsed pretty much every week. Without question the third day was always the most grueling to get through...I eventually did it made it longer and longer but that fucking day 3 was brutal. You can do it too!..Ita all mind games. It's all your sick mind playing games with you. Drink sugary drinks tons of green tea exercise eat sleep. Go to a meeting. Call someone. Whatever works for you. Good luck!
