-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhsp9q/47_long_days/

I am 47 days sober. Each day I wake up thinking maybe this will be the day that I won't want to drink. I am constantly disappointed that not only do I have the raging desire to drink but it consumes my thoughts throughout the entire day. I haven't given in and that still stuns me... I was in detox for 5 days and upon leaving the hospital I told myself I would abstain from alcohol for 90 days. I wanted to allow my body and mind time to heal. The closer I get to 90 days I am both filled with elation and utter fear. I am scared I will fall right back into the pit of endless cycles of drunken nights and destruction. I keep telling myself I can drink in moderation and just need to be more careful this time around. The thing that keeps me sober each day is the idea my sobriety has an end date June 8th... I don't know if I am marching towards my own demise. I tell myself I will make rules and stick to them... but I don't entirely trust myself. I am trying to create a life where I don't need to drink to make it through it. I am still failing at that though... I don't know what to do about my relationship with this toxic and addictive drug. The one thing I am sure on is I won't drink today. I know many of you are struggling like me you're not alone!
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man. I know exactly where you are. ..I can tell you this I have no strong desire to drink anymore and the romanticizing of alcohol is rarer now and fleeting. ..But I felt exactly like you when I white-knuckled it for 5 months in 2017. Hated it. Convinced myself I can handle it now. Didn't think of it this way at the time but now I know ... I relapsed. Had to do some more research. ..Ended up in an ambulance 12 months later on the way to the ER. Please do some research on the  Kindling Effect.'  When our brains rewire after a few months of sobriety and then relapse oh nelly... watch out. ..I ended up WAY worse than before I quit the first time. Wasn't so much my actions as it was where my mind ended up after the first few months back of quasi-successful moderation. ..Please be careful about choices when you reach your initial goal and consider staying dry. ..To get some semblance of serenity I had to do a lot more work than not drink. That was the easy part. Alcohol was but a symptom of much deeper issues I was drinking to medicate. ..I had to surround myself with a support group of drunks successful in sobriety and work through a lot of resentments and past actions that made me sick. I had to finally admit I was a useless quivering powerless nut when it came to alcohol. ..AA helped A LOT so did getting open and honest with close friends and family and my dr. So did getting a psychiatrist and reading this naked mind and many other books on the scientific effects of booze on the mind and body.  So did getting my fitness and nutrition in order. One day at a time and no guarantees but I can now see a light in the future. ..Good luck friend. We're here for you. ..IWNDWYT
Good job on 47 days! I made the decision to never drink again. That way the decision has been made. Moderation is a slippery slope. I won't drink with you today tomorrow or ever. That is just me.
Moderation never worked for me either.  I was a failure at controlling alcohol so  I  gave up and quit drinking. Its a lot easier than trying  to fight  something  that always wins. After a while sober our brain heals and the cravings for alcohol  are lessened.
Please hear me when I second what everyone here has said about  the kindling effect . It is a very real dangerous and terrifying thing. The first time I quit it was for 10 days and when I went back to drinking I hit it hard. Drank way more then before I quit. But the worst part was when I quit this time (only a week ago  the withdrawals were infinitely worse. Remembering the seizures and crippling anxiety of those first few days is what keeps me sober now. It will get worse every time. I had to seek medical help this last time or I would have ended up in the hospital or worse.
Another In the moderation=fail camp here. ..I like you started this journey on a 30?day challenge to see if I could go that long without drinking. Otherwise I figured I had a really big issue I had to deal with. ..I whiteknuckled the 30 days but around week 3 I started really feeling so much better. ..So I made a choice to continue exploring sobriety. I had explored alcohol for almost 30 years and the only booze corners left unexplored were ones you really don't want to explore. ..But I was still very anxious about the thought of never again. So I set a new date of May 1. Just a few days to go. As soon as I set that date anxiety disappeared because I was choosing not to drink. Told myself on May 1 I would reevaluate what I wanted to do. I had a plan and was able to relax into the sobriety and continue to explore it with open eyes and heart. ..Even though I haven't got to May 1 yet I already know I'm going to keep exploring.  I am now choosing and dedicated to one full year sober. After that year I will again reevaluate and make choice. I am very comfortable with this decision and the early signs are this is the best choice I can make. ..I have read many many posts here and there is a definite divide between those enduring sobriety and those choosing it. Enduring makes it a burden to be borne makes it hard to think of anything else and requires willpower which erodes and tires. ..Choosing sobriety having a positive attitude realizing life will happen cravings will come and embracing the suck has made this so much better. Choice and positive attitude is the key for me. ..My life is improving drastically. While I may romanticize a cold one in the sun I know that fantasy. Reality is me drink 5-7 days a week failing myself and my family and a miserable way to live. ..I truly hope you continue exploring sobriety and can see some of the positives it brings. ..Embrace the suck! It just keeps getting better
