-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhthxb/just_bailed_on_the_aa_meeting_sober_but_just_got/

I've always been somewhat antisocial but in recent years I've basically become a recluse and large crowds give me major anxiety even when the people are familiar. My first meeting had like 15 people the second had like 6. I was doing okay with that but I didn't realize today was a "birthday" meeting and I walked into a huge crowd. I tried to make myself a coffee and just breathe but the noise just freaked me out so I left before it even started. ..I'm feeling not good today especially after my severe relapse Tuesday night I was really looking forward to the meeting because I needed the motivation as it is really not coming from within right now...I know I should call my friends and ask to spend time but I really just want to be alone now. I'm not exactly suicidal but I am feeling pretty depressed and if I happened to die in my sleep that would be okay if you know what I mean. ..Just ugh. Trying to stay distracted. Going grocery shopping (also hate but need food) then gonna clean my apartment and try to read the book.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay with us my friend. Many of us have relapsed...I find reading and commenting here inspiring without the pressure of being in a room full of people (even though there are routinely more people logged in here than at a meeting)...I will not drink with you today.
I feel this.  I have become a regular attendee of AA but sometimes the social aspect of it does overwhelm me.  It often feels like I'm going to have a panic attack when I have to speak and sometimes I just want to get out of there as soon as possible.  Totally normal.  The thing that helped is the simple line you'll hear a lot in the rooms. "Just keep coming back."  The truth is that sometimes meetings are uncomfortable sometimes they're "meh" and sometimes they're exactly the inspiration I need.  In the past several months I've realized how much the meetings have helped me develop some social skills that I needed to improve.  I'm still introverted as hell but sometimes just making it part of the routine cuts out the feelings of discomfort. ..When I'm feeling like I want to be alone or NEED to be alone I pray.  I don't force myself to socialize when I am in that mode. I know it's not for everyone but especially in early sobriety talking to my higher power made me feel safe and like I could keep my solitude in a healthy way...The beginning was utterly miserable and terrifying for me. Then I strung together some days and built confidence. Day by day.  Slowly.  Sometimes painfully so.  After a while I started to trust myself and started to actually want to live my life.  I know it can seem defeating and hopeless but I truly believe in you.  Be kind to yourself and know it does get better.
I've left at least a couple of hundred meetings for all kinds of reasons.  It's also fine to get there late and/ or leave early.  I do need to know when my next meeting will be before I leave- I know it's a mind trick but it helps me.  Also my ratio of staying at meetings to leaving is about 98%/2%
As they say "keep coming back!"
I'm a social person who isn't afraid of speaking in front of others or meeting new people but damn AA meetings do overwhelm me sometimes so don't feel bad. ..Don't get me wrong - the fellowship is an incredible gift and why I'm alive and sober today but the larger groups can get overwhelming. Sometimes it's just too much stimulus for me. ..If you ever find yourself in this type of situation again one thing that helps me is googling  AA daily reflection  and reading it in my phone. I know it may look rude to be on my phone but being able to disengage from the room while still staying in the message helps me sometimes. ..There's a lot of variety of meetings out there - small groups large halls men's or women's only meetings. Where I got sober we even had a biker meeting with legit sober bikers. Rad. Point is don't be afraid to  meeting shop  until you find a vibe you're most comfortable in.
I have walked out of Birthday meetings before when the crowds were too large for the venue. No shame in that.  I can certainly empathize. ..Maybe you can discuss your feelings when you gather again with your small group. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT
The advice people have already posted is great. Also remember AA is made up of all sorts and everyone with a desire to stop drinking is welcome. That means you are allowed to be yourself no matter whether you like big groups or small groups like being social or don't have a social phobia think other people are annoying whatever. I just passed a year sober in AA and I am not a very social person either.
