-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhwlxk/benefits_ive_seen_since_being_sober/

This is NOT meant to be any kind of  brag  or attention seeking post. This is for people struggling with withdrawal or feeling like things won't get better. It will. Just give it time. I was stealing and drinking wine all day mostly every day. There is a better life out there. ..I remember every night I spend with my husband and son without having alcohol on my breath constantly. ..My marriage is getting better and better every day because I'm not busy hiding alcohol and not being affectionate with him. ..After 4 months I finally got a really good job that I'm good at and enjoy. ..I take much better care of myself. My eyes look so much different and I just feel healthier because I'm not waking up every morning and throwing up. ..I remember conversations I have with everyone saving myself from looking like an idiot for telling someone something over and over. Also there are way less typos in my texts lol. ..I'm on top of all of our bills. Our water has gotten shut off several times in the past because I forgot to pay it. ..We're able to take our son on a vacation this summer because we are all much happier as family. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

YAY that's so awesome!!! And it just keeps getting better
Good job! Like you got anther life with fixed bugs)) We're all on our way!
That is beautiful....thank you for sharing.
lol your text have less typos!!! I can relate   the effects of alcohol is insane.
Welcome back to planet earth!
This is really inspiring. Congratulations. Marriage is just one of the many places where the negative consequences of alcohol show themselves and where the positive benefits of sobriety do too. I am really pleased for you and I hope you enjoy another "night to remember" with the family.
Thanks for that.
Way to go Mom!
This is simply your story. Thank you for sharing. Yes it helps me. It reminds me why I got sober and why I today need to make that decision. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John        
Reading this helped me. Very encouraging. I will not drink with you today!
I'm so glad sharing this helped. It was stories like this that kept me going. IWNDWTY!!!!!!! Headed to my marketing event and my sons birthday party. Never would've been able to do any of that hungover
I love seeing people list the blessings getting sober has brought them. The remembering thing hit hard. I remember everything now. I am present. ..I will not drink with you today.
Happy 4 months! Way to go.
Congrats!  IWNDWYT
Congratulations! So happy for you Keep it up!!
Thats so great! I'm so glad you get to get your life back together and be a wife and a mom again!
The thing with your eyes; I remember when I quit and several people told me my eyes were different that I looked more alive. You dont even realize some of the things alcohol has done to you until you stop. Congrats and keep on moving.
My favorite is better sleep and having more energy the next day. Can't comment on the alco-poops question. Fascinatingly stinky thought though. Yet another reason to avoid the sauce.
Day after drinking causes what I call acopoos. So yes I understand you there. And with everything else. IWNDWYT
Congrats!
