-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhxblr/when_is_drinking_too_much/

Hello everyone I'm a regular drinker and I do enjoy it on some occasions but mostly it's not necessarly necessary to have a beer quite the opposite it's a complete waste of time and money because it's rarely just one beer and after some I loose my focus and I just give in. .Altough I rationally understand that I still do it anyway.  (Addiction) Nonetheless I'm still high functioning and everything else is going great. ..I do struggle in life as everyone has/is (i suppose) but sometimes I wonder wether it's worse because of my drinking and I cannot find sufficient motivation yet to constrain this addiction. Any suggestions or thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

If you have to ask chances are you have a problem  
I read on Hip Sobriety's blog forever ago (paraphrased) that if alcohol is preventing you from being the best you possible that's a good enough reason to stop.
The surprising thing was just how much alcohol (which of course is an anesthetic depressant poison so it shouldn't be that surprising it's just all the social conditioning around alcohol and the nature of how the drug works on your brain) was effecting my whole quality of life. It was impossible to appreciate this when "I was inside it" or still drinking. It's only now that I can appreciate just how much I've gained from stopping drinking - literally everything has improved.
You are the decision-maker here. When alcohol negatively impacts your life You will decide whether you want the situation to get worse or you will quit. There are at least two types of problem drinkers . People who drink a lot every day and binge drinkers who drink everything in sight and make themselves sick. The binge drinkers may do more damage to their bodies with alcohol poisoning.
For me it was when I became able to drink a fifth in a night was when I really understood this was a problem. When I started thinking about and planning when I could have that first drink. It is a consuming feeling. I was also sneaking it...I continued to live this way for a while until I just got sick of it. Falling asleep early (passing out) missing out on spending time with my kids and my wife. I eventually decided it was time to just quit. ..Because for me one drink is one too many and two is never enough
Many people take a 30-day vacation from alcohol...It usually answers most questions about what is best for me...Tried that?
Two things that I can attest to based on many life experiences:..1 is too many and 100 is never enough. ..There is no problem alcohol can't make much worse. ..Good luck.
high functioning is like being in a car that is stuck in first gear...you get there but slowly with lots of noise drama using much more energy and sometimes erupting in flames.....this is not about rationality - your brain will fool you with justifications and denial  -  listen to your heart and how it feels about losing focus and giving in...And sorry the odds are very long that this can be solved by moderation - it's been tried and tried every which way and for us it does not work.
