-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bhz7s5/you_succeeded/

Hard to believe I waited this long to post but here goes. This morning I wake up to triple digits and it all feels so surreal!..When I first found out about this sub in late October I spent hours upon hours reading your stories from the highs to the lows. Albeit sipping my fourth or fifth vodka olives after work. I started to get more and more self conscious about my drinking. Your accounts and experiences were incredibly inspiring but also quite terrifying and it worked. I started to reconsider my lifestyle and where my future lies...On my first night I commented on a day 1 post. A few words of encouragement as well as a note of how I was really struggling to get any rest between the shaking and sweating. I would eventually fall asleep and woke the next day to a reply from a stranger:  Hey did you manage to get any sleep last night?  That one line changed everything. Something shifted and I never looked back. Someone cared about me and their support helped me realize that I wasn't alone...I always romanticized the idea of typing out a lengthy poetic declaration of the ups and downs of my new found life but maybe another time. For today: gratitude. Thank you so so much to this sub and to all the wonderful people who helped me reach out for a fresh start. We're all in this together I won't be drinking with you today have a great weekend!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 100 days!! Way to go! This sub has done so much for me too. It is grand that we have a place to share or ups and downs with no judgement. IWNDWYT
Congratulations !!..And tomorrow your FTDSP !..(First Triple-Digit Strobogrammatic Palindrome)
Congratulations   
Well done on 100 days awesome job. I like a long lenghty poetic post so definitely keep em coming
Thanks for saying this my friend. ..IWNDWYT
You are amazing man 100 days is huge! Make sure you celebrate and give your self something. Even if it's just a simple ice cream cone.
Keep going man. Feels great.
Your triple digit day is my double digit day. Congrats on the changes that you've made! Only nine more of what I've done and I'll be where you are!
Congrats!
