-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bi8hl9/i_drank_again/

After 4 days 18 hours and 39 minutes I finally drank again. My goal was 30 full days without drinking and if you read my previous posts you'll see I struggled NOT drinking during those times but that I was actually trying not to. And in a way I was trying to not drink but I knew I would never last the full 30. ..I'm not sad or mad at myself and hopefully I'll be back on track eventually but right now I'm just going to do what makes the most sense to me...I WILL BE BETTER. This is not a setback
----------immediate responses--------

What made you drink again? For me the hardest part is trying to sleep...Without alcohol for the first week I can't sleep. Like at all. I'll maybe get 3 hours of sleep a night over 8-10 hours. It's horrible.
I got 4 days yesterday as well and then drank last night. Managed to put a cork in it but still.
For me it was a process.  It seemed too overwhelming at first to say "I'll never drink again".  So I cut back.  Then I'd get right back to where I was when I decided I needed to cut back.  Each cycle grew longer (the days I abstained) until I made it far enough to actually feel a ton better.  Still relapsed.  Then the lightbulb went off...I just can't moderate and that can't be my goal.  Doesn't work for me.  This is my longest stretch yet.  Find what works for you and as long as you're in tune with that you'll succeed.  Relapses are common - it's what you do with them that matters.  For me they were a necessary part of learning about myself and my relationship with alcohol.  Best of luck to you!
Sounds like 30 days was just too over whelming. Why not start with 5 days and see how it goes? I'm over 3 weeks now and for the first week a month seemed like it was not achievable.
I do it a day at a time period.  Everything is subject to change and everything is right on schedule.  Planning and living do not necessarily go hand in hand and if something doesn't happen today there is always tomorrow.  I don't judge the day until it ends which means that a minor setback early on rarely ruins the remainder.  I do however guard against flat tires and broken shoelaces.  Those two bastards can take out the best of us.  ;-)
Hi Mendingmind. You write.... " but I knew I would never last the full 30". No you didn't. We don't know what the future holds. Just because I failed to stop drinking many times did not mean I could *never* stop drinking. It only meant I hadn't mastered to task well enough yet. One day I tried and succeeded. Relapse is for most people a part of the process... it is another learning step that advances us along the path.
