-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bibm6i/im_trying_but_failing/

I'm struggling not to drink.   I can go days or even a couple of weeks but it's dealing with life's curveballs that drive me to  to drink again.   I'm sole caregiver for my elderly parents my mother has dementia) and I work full-time as well.   Friends are supportive to a point but since I can't drink socially (DUI eight years ago) a lot of them have left.    I guess I'm looking for answers.   How do I get through those 'moments' that destroy my sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

To get some semblance of serenity I had to do a lot more work than not drink. That was the easy part. Alcohol was but a symptom of much deeper issues I was drinking to medicate. ..I had to surround myself with a support group of drunks successful in sobriety and work through a lot of resentments and past actions that made me sick. I had to finally admit I was a useless quivering powerless nut when it came to alcohol. ..AA helped A LOT so did getting open and honest with close friends and family and my dr. So did getting a psychiatrist and reading this naked mind and many other books on the scientific effects of booze on the mind and body.  So did getting my fitness and nutrition in order. One day at a time and no guarantees but I can now see a light in the future. ..Good luck friend. We're here for you. ..IWNDWYT
I have found that interacting here at SD helps during those moments for me. I also never let myself feel thirsty. Like ever. It's ridiculous how much water and tea I drink. I have started making my own Italian cream soda and it has curbed my cravings pretty good and it's cheap. Sometimes I legit have to verbally talk myself down (it sounds like I'm crazy but I promise I am not). I will say to my brain/ body  I will give you food. I will give you water. I will even give you the worst junk food around but I will not give you poison.  Then I get up and move around a little- a little walk or find something to clean. So far these are working and I haven't made it this long in a VERY long time. IWNDWYT!
My mom also has dementia as well and I understand the curveball of those issues that makes you just want to drink. If you ever want to chat feel free to msg me.   Im also working on stopping my drinking.
