-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/biguuk/gratitude/

Hi everyone!..My local AA clubhouse had their yearly  Spring Into Gratitude  BBQ and gratitude meeting today and it was only after I got there that I remembered that I'd been to this same event four years ago and I'd actually even made the fliers for it. I was three months sober at the time and instead of doing a gratitude meeting we had a speakathon and I was one of the speakers. ..That was my peak of involvement in AA the last time that I got sober. The willingness that I had in early sobriety wore off.  Real life  kicked in and  real life  became my priority. This time around I'm realizing that I have to keep making my sobriety a priority. It is the only way for me to stay sober long term. ..Now that I'm settled into my new job I'm putting more back into my program. I'm back to devoting more time in my day to things that support my recovery and it's working. I feel better. I feel confident peaceful and sane. I am more comfortable in my skin and less negative...I was talking with my sponsor this morning and I realized that I went to eight meetings last week and I hung out with people in recovery outside of meetings on five different occasions. My  real life  is taking a bit of a beating. My car is dirty. My place is dirty. I've also been eating out a ton because I have no groceries or time/inclination to cook. I've got a pair of laundry mountains in my bedroom (one clean one dirty) and I haven't been to the gym in months. ..My sponsor told me that I should focus on what I *am* doing right rather than what I'm not doing. I'm going to meetings and connecting with other people in the program as well as working a program with a sponsor and I'm working full time. It's been a while since I've had a full time job so she's right this is a transition for me and I'm doing a lot right now. I assume that as I keep going and this becomes my new normal I'll be able to add in more but right now I'm doing pretty good. I'm staying sober I'm trying to be of service to others and I'm basically happy. ..I'm so grateful that I'm sober and that I made it back to sobriety. There is no guarantee of ever being able to make it back after a relapse. I'm grateful that I did. I'm grateful for the support and concern of the people who helped me find my way back to sobriety again. I'm grateful for my local AA clubhouse. I had a place to go where I could get support in my sobriety. And I'm grateful for the people who keep active in their recovery even after they've been sober a long time so that newcomers like me can learn about the solution and see that it works...One of the board members of the club contacted me yesterday asking if I was interested in becoming a board member. Unfortunately I'm just barely going to miss the next election for board members because there's a one year sobriety requirement and it's right before my year anniversary but she and I are going to meet up this week to talk about other service opportunities within the club. I am grateful for what the club has done for me and my sobriety. I'm grateful that it's there so I have a place where I can go to meetings any time of day seven days a week and I'm happy to give back to the club that has given so much to me...It also feels good to know that I'm working a program that looks good enough to someone with long term sobriety that they would think of me for the position. How my sobriety looks to others won't keep me sober. But it's nice to know that I'm doing enough of the right things that it's visible to others. Like I said a big part of how I've gotten sober is by looking at what's worked for other people. I want to be an example of living in the solution because I want to pay that forward...I'm grateful for the life that I have now. I'm a person who likes to focus on what I want in the future. I find it hard to be happy with where I am right now. And I'm cycling back and forth between that. I'm happy right now. There's things that I want in my future that I fixate on and I dunno I think it's okay to want things but I often forget that it's okay to be where I am right now. I'm exactly where I need to be in my life and I feel confident that I'm doing pretty much what I should be doing. That feels really good...Anyway I'm going to spend a bit of time on the unmanageability happening in my living environment before heading out to my new usual Sunday night meeting. I hope that you all are well. Keep the faith...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

So lovely to read your upbeat and positive sober message. You're an inspiration to us all and a very good reminder that we need to keep choosing our recovery over ALL else otherwise we will falter and it's a slippery and very rapid descent downhill. So proud of you friend you'll have your one year in no time.
Congratulations on your Sober Leadership!!..Gratitude is an essential element of my daily discipline...A seminal sentence in your post:..&gt;There is no guarantee of ever being able to make it back after a relapse. ..I so often hear people share "I've got another drunk in me but I don't think I have another recovery."..I always remember that given the slightest chance this shit will kill me.
A+ work OP! And laundry can always wait ;) don't sweat it
