-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bijyd1/first_night_sober_in_months/

I have been terrified of this night for the past couple weeks. I've been desperate to stop drinking but by mid-afternoon everyday I would be so sick and shaky that I'd end up drinking immediately after work sometimes in the car on the way home. I honestly thought I was going to die if I just stopped cold turkey but I was too chicken shit to admit that I might need a medical detox. I've only had beer for the past couple days and last night I had my last drink. Other than being tired I don't feel like I'm going to puke or my heart will explode. I'm not sobbing in my car on the way to the gas station to buy wine after my husband goes to sleep chugging the bottle and then hiding it in a closet so he doesn't see it in the recycling. ..Today I cleaned out every bottle hiding place in the house. Giant bags full of empty vodka and wine bottles. Please please let this stick. I never want to feel that disgusting desperate and out of control ever again. I've struggled to control my drinking in the past but to truly feel like I needed it to live for the past few months of my life... That's a whole new level for me. ..Thanks for being here everyone. You are all inspiring me to take the first step.
----------immediate responses--------

You're brilliant. You know you can do this day by day you'll unravel this poisonous habit. Each day without it is one step closer to regaining your life and freedom. You have to start trusting yourself and believing in what you want. You're telling the truth to yourself now this is your truth sobriety. I wish you the very best of luck. Even if there is a slip up along the way please don't ever let that stop you from helping yourself by choosing sobriety. Think of all the good this will do for you. Despite the challenge there is a burning passion within you and you know you can do this. You have all the support in the world. ..&amp;#x200B;..Take care and if you need any support you know where to turn.
You got this! I have a picture of all the empty bottles I had stashed under my work desk to look at when I get an urge or sometimes just to remind myself how terrible of a spot I was in. Stay strong and take it day by day. It DOES get easier and the obsession will be lifted eventually! Don't stop before the miracle! IWNDWYT
I relate so much to your post. You can do this.
Tell your husband if he doesn't know. He can comfort you and guide you but only if he knows! Being held accountable is something I needed otherwise I will continue to lie by omission and sneak the stuff. Congrats on 1 day!!
