-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/biqfk0/realising_i_have_a_problem/

Hi guys. Today I had to phone in sick to a job I love because of drinking and it's side effects. Every weekend I drink and then for two or three days afterwards I'm really ill and struggle to function. I am having real trouble stopping. I feel better by the weekend and seem to  forget  how it makes me feel so I drink and the cycle repeats. I feel so hopeless. I want to stop completely but there is a big drinking culture where I am (UK) and I find it so hard. It's my birthday in a few weeks too and the last thing I want to do is feel this bad but I feel like it's already a given I'll fail because it's my birthday and I'm weak anyway. I live alone and I don't drink by myself. I get excited when I spend time with others and that's when I drink. I have a partner of 6 months and I feel like I need to tell him about my problems with alcohol so he can help me but it feels too much to tell someone especially as the relationship is new. If anyone has any advice on how I can break this cycle I would be so grateful. I just feel so hopeless and sad.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there. I can say for sure I have definitely been where you are as far as bingeing calling off of work and the guilt and shame that comes with all of that. Not to mention the physical part - I don't know what sucks worst out of all of that.  Please take some comfort in knowing that so many people can understand and relate. It's ok you're going to be so ok. This sub is a great place to start because there are many resources. I dunno if you've read  This Naked Mind  or  Easy Way to Stop Drinking  but both of these books helped me out a lot and also Naked Mind podcast on YouTube...My favorite thing about both of the books is that they helped me deal with the shame aspect straight away. Also obviously AA is a great resource and help that might be great for you too. Posting on here is a great idea I'm happy for you that you're taking steps to take care of yourself. Know that you deserve to be happy and feel good. I hope it gets easier for you!
Hey! I'm in the UK too; currently at university too so I understand how pervasive the drinking culture here is. It's good that you've realised that drinking isn't working for you - unfortunately I had to go through a much more traumatic experience to realise that I needed to stop drinking so I'm glad that you're perceptive enough to realise it at this point...There are a few things I can recommend based on my own experiences. I found that AA was very useful once I went sober particularly in the first couple of months. Having an open forum where I could speak about my troubles/successes/challenges and know that I would be understood was incredibly helpful!..I don't go as much now because I'm very busy on placement and found that the session local to my placement isn't amazing. It can be a matter of shopping around and working out if the AA group works for you (the "same" group can be very different even on different days of the week so it might be worth trying a few). I found that the groups were very welcoming non-judgemental and understanding of newcomers so I'd recommend giving it a tree...With regards to telling people close to you about your problems I was pleasantly surprised by how people reacted. My closer friends were glad that I'd finally faced up to the fact that I had a problem as they could see me spiralling downwards. Maybe your partner has noticed too maybe he hasn't but if he's the right partner for you then he'll be as supportive as he can be...My birthday was earlier in the year so I went through my first sober birthday in a while! I actually took time off uni and went home to see my (teetotal) family; I thought that I might struggle in the environment that I was in so I took steps to change my environment. For example you could tell people that you want to have a quieter birthday this year and go for dinner or stay in and cook with your partner instead of partying...I also considered using medication as an excuse; several medications can't be taken with alcohol so it can be useful in pressure points such as your birthday! I'm now very comfortable in telling people that I'm not drinking at the moment and everyone I've spoken to has been completely fine about it. If they're not then they aren't worth your time anyway...You might want to write out a bit or record a short video so that when you're struggling with the temptation to drink you can look back on how you're feeling now what you're worried about and what you hope future you won't do. Could be worth a try!..If I can help you in any other way - perhaps signpost you to local services or reassure you about chatting to your GP (if that's something you'd like to do; I'm a clinical medical student so I might know some stuff!) - then please let me know. I wish you all the best - IWNDWYT :)
I think AA meetings would be very useful!  They're useful for anyone who wants to stop drinking.  You'll be amazed at the range of people there.  Some people had very low lows other people were able to get off the elevator before it went down too far.  There is one thing everyone in meetings has in common and it's the desire to stop drinking.  You'll be welcomed with open arms.  Even if you decide it's not for you checking out a meeting (or two  or three they vary a LOT) can't hurt!  They definitely helped me and made quitting drinking a lot more fun than if I had done it on my own.
