-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/biqlfq/dont_relapse_its_not_worth_it/

I've recently quit drinking for 24 days and read a few books in that time and then although the plan originally was to quit indefinitely I somewhere along the way told myself I could return in moderation. I've learned a lot in this experience. I've learned that drinking is not worth it and only leads to depression confusion and poor decisions. I might be able to go the weekday without a drink but that doesn't mean I'm not an alcoholic. I'm an alcoholic because drinking effects me in a way it doesn't other people. Maybe it's because I'm depressed deep down I harbor a lot of hate and sadness and drinking takes advantage of my loose points and makes me crazy I'm not sure. I'm 25 and lost both my parents before I was 22. I have a hard time handling life I feel lost. Drinking definitely makes me feel more depressed. I often times lie in bed hungover thinking about way's to kill myself or floating in space to give me comfort and my dreams are articulated nightmares. I really have considered gassing myself but I think of my girlfriend and my dog and I can't. I realize in that moment that if they're the only thing I'm willing to live for than nothing else matters not booze nothing I should be living for them because if I don't I won't be living for anything. ..I'm sick and tired of waking up every Saturday morning thinking about everything wrong I said to people. It is as if my mind is an organized box and drinking takes that box and throws it against the wall for me to spend half the week reorganizing it. I'm in so much misery and it's all done by me I did this my homeostasis doesn't exist this way. I know this bottle will kill me if I let it I feel hollow like a dome life is slipping from my fingertips there is so much out there and I'm missing it all to medicate my insecurities. When will I wake up and claim my potential and kill my weakness at its root? ..If you haven't sensed it I'm horribly hungover and at a low. For you all in sobriety that I'm soon to join again I hope this reminds you of why you quit and keeps you strong. Believe me it's not worth it it is the epitome of playing with fire. Something that can potentially bring you death is not worth it. I act out to much and drink too much and it depresses me more than the average person but that's a blessing in disguise because although I can't 'responsibly drink' I'm also aware that it is toxic at any level and choose to abstain.
----------immediate responses--------

Great decision to abstain. You will never regret it! IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
I remember this feeling.  I'm quitting now.  Few hours later -  Well maybe I'll taper off... this new IPA may be the one I can handle.  A few more hours later  Damn I'm back at square one. ..You know the  Just do it' feeling? Found out how stupid and incompetent I felt being unable to do something so simple.   ..Stay strong friend. Fall three times get up the fourth. That's what this is all about.. you can do this.I have faith in you. IWNDWYT
You're on the right path. I believe you can do it this time around!  Iwndwyt.
