-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bitnrp/i_relapsed_hard/

I had one whole month for the first time in probably 6 years. I was so happy. I was working out daily and eating healthy and all that wonderful sober stuff most people who don't have a problem would just call life...But then it happened. "Just one glass" I drank 24/7 missed work drank before work when I was there called my mom crying that I wanted to kill myself and ended up in the hospital. All over a week. Oh and up until noon today I hadn't eaten a single bit for five days straight...Today is day two. The vomiting and shaking have stopped by this afternoon. I went to an addiction clinic this morning. I know it will just get better as long as I stay away from alcohol. But I just feel so depressed and anxious and most of all ashamed...I just can't drink. Thank you for taking the time to read this.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that keep your head up and try to pick up where you left off. The temptation is always there but do your best to recognize that you do need help and that people are there for you. Fight the good fight.
I had a similar experience my last relapse...&amp;#x200B;..My take away was the same as yours: I simply can not drink. There is no just one drink. Ever...Best of luck to you; I'm pulling for you. You can do this.
Relapse is part of the deal with addiction. Getting one whole month is huuuuge we all certainly celebrate any length of sobriety but that first month....getting 30 days for me meant I could get 30 more. Relapse happened but remembering if I can do it once I can do it again. For me tho it did get a little harder each time. Don't be too depressed just know it's a hard battle and you are on the right path. IWNDWYT
You're in the right head space to crush it this time!  IWNDWYT.
Welcome back. IWNDWYT
I'm so sorry that happened. The good news is you never have to go through this again. The shame and embarrassment will subside and you will continue living a sober successful happy fulfilled life.
Get back on the track and journey again. We are with you. Take care and IWNDWYT
almost the same experience for me stopped for a month then relapsed hard. Missed work next day got in trouble for drinking at work got banned from facebook for a month broke my toe (no idea how) made my wife and children cry can't remember most of it. Decided it had to stop so i quit cold turkey on the 20th. I was retching sweating shivering itching liquid fire poops and hands shaking almost uncontrollably for 2-3 days. What a freaking nightmare. At 9 days I feel quite a bit better. Hands still shake but 95% less. Still have night sweats but they are less every day. I have a cool sponsor now. My boss and wife are keeping me accountable (a little intrusive but they think they are helping). Anyway whatever it takes to be sober is ok with me. Next round of drinking will end with me dead or in jail - and I'm not willing to go there.  .Good luck be kind to yourself get some ice cream or chocolate. We are with you drop in anytime. IWNDWYT.
We'll try again. We'll sort out things that are wrong about us even for a little bit then try again.
Hang in there buddy.
