-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bj29oy/might_lose_my_job_today/

Last week I went on a 5 day drunken binge and called into work everyday because I couldn't stop drinking after the first drink the first night. My management team has been supportive of me and various personal things going on in my life but this might be the last straw...With that said....I've been sober almost 5 days now and couldn't feel better about myself or my future. A job is a job my health is so much more important. No matter what happens I'm gonna try to keep a positive mindset and stay sober. This sub has been amazing throughout my short amount of days sober and through the relapses...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back..Some companies have EAPs employee assistance programs - if yours does maybe it's time to be proactive - ask for specific help and then agree to do whatever they tell you to do...
Congrats on your sobriety. You sound like you have a great attitude about it. Stay strong! IWNDWYT!
This is how it went down with me too except I didn't have the ability to return to work because I was busy becoming homeless. In my case that ended up being not such a bad outcome because that job was terrible and the organization went to shit shortly after I was gone. ..I believe in all that cosmic "whatever needs to happen will happen" kind of stuff. Good luck be patient!
Welcome home!..I have quit and been fired from jobs during Sobriety. Each one I found after has been better somehow. Either money location travel whatever...It happens we get sober our lives change. ..With that said continue on update the old resume and keep coming back!
In a somewhat similar situation - at least with a tenuous job at the moment. I'll stay sober with you.
You can do it!
Been there twice. If you want to keep your job you've got to just be committed and let them know you'll jump through any hoop you love this company and are privileged to have this position and will do anything to keep it.
I was there last year around this time. I lost my job but it was the catalyst I needed to change my life. Been sober ever since. Thinking of you.
You are taking care of your sobriety and that's what matters. Everything else is a detail.
We're glad to have you back!..IWNDWYT
Literally went through the same thing myself last week. Lost my job. Sober again now and feeling positive and fighting forward but bills loom and the damage is pretty severe. I can't keep destroying what I build!
I'm in the same boat and your post helps a lot
You have such a positive attitude! Sometimes the universe pushes you in the direction you need to go even if that means taking a brief step back to prioritize your health!!! IWNDWYT!!!!   
Hi Packman. I don't know if you'd be open to this but something that REALLY helped me was getting on Wellbutrin. Along with therapy and some mindfulness classes and upping my exercise it's been a vortex of health for me. The Wellbutrin just seems to push away the anxiety and keeps it at bay; it's still there but it's much farther away and less intense. The combination of Wellbutrin and Naltrexone is Contrave and I know several folks that have great success with it. I know meds aren't for everyone. It took me years to try Wellbutrin out and it's had great effects on me.
I was there six weeks ago I totally empathise. It is tough at first but you have got this! Only up from here. Well done on 5 days and good luck x
This exact same thing happened to me a couple weeks ago. I even no-called a couple days. Call your HR representative to see if they have whats called a SAP (Substance Abuse Prevention) program. They cannot fire you if you tell them that you have a problem. I'm currently undergoing this process right now. They will refer you to an outside agency which should get you in touch with a local program. My first appointment is tomorrow. They will drug/alcohol test me a couple times and then there will be a conference call between my manager HR and the therapist to see if I can return to work. It sucks really bad not working knowing you're missing a lot of stuff but your health comes first before any job. Good luck!!
My last drinking episode was a 5 night vodka bender.  When I woke up on that 6th day I knew that I was done.  I was tired of drinking tired of the lies tired of the pain tired of feeling like crap tired of the endless cycle.  That was 3.5 years ago and I have not had 1 drop of alcohol since.  ..I like your approach --- it's just a job.  But try to stop job hopping be professional and continue making yourself proud by not drinking that poison.  Nothing ever good comes from an alcoholic drinking alcohol...I AM NOT GOING TO DRINK TONIGHT ---- NO FUCKING WAY!!  NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Welcome back. Relapses suck I also had one during weekend. The shakes have been difficult to hide and insomnia hasn't let me sleep. Kindling worries me a lot. The reasons for my relapses have varied and I guess most of them are simply due to strong cravings while I've been exhausted about everything. I somehow lose the perspective as time goes on it sucks. 7 relapses this year they usually have lasted 3 days. I have to keep on fighting...IWNDWYT
You may qualify for FMLA. You won't get paid if you take it but your job will be secure. Look into it. Keep going with that good orderly direction! We're here with you.
Hoo-boy. *That topic* still stings. Finding out at long last I really *am* an empath and a couple of the jobs were just killing me but I literally have lost track of the jobs lost to booze. Not drunk on the job (though I seen it and caused one guy to jackpot (long sad story when I left it) but absenteeism just killed me. And with the poisoning I used to manage to do to myself it was worth not having to get out of bed...But I was young smart strong and the economy wasn't wrecked. In process but still look at the paper for a week have another job...But I let a lot of people down. Another one of the reasons it was relatively easy to keep sobriety once I had made the decision...I just couldn't take letting all those hopeful happy smiles fade to nothing. Again.
[removed]
You can do it .
Honestly yikes
Way to go! You're right a job is secondary... Keep up the fight! IWNDWYT
Exactly.  I believe jobs are below everything personal.  It's not even close to a problem being fired.  Just make sure your next one is what you want don't settle!  Iwndwyt!
My company makes canning machines that are used by small breweries. They were testing a new 'crowler' 32oz canning machine with real beer (they usually test with water).  Boss said they were going to throw away all the beer unless anybody wanted it. Dumbass me went and got 20 of the 32oz beers. That kicked off a 4 week bender after a fantastic unprecedented 5 weeks sober. On week 4 I missed 2 days of work and got caught drinking at work 2 different times by 4 different people. So humiliating and so stupid of me.  .Fortunately my boss is a kind man and also a friend of 20+ years. He didn't fire me but he insisted that I get help and coordinate with him my wife the office manager and a sponsor. Ok done and done.  .I'm 10 days sober now and plan to keep it that way. Wish I knew about EAP then I would have taken advantage of it rather than white-knuckle my way thru terrible WD's.  .Anyway that's my story.  It helps me to talk thru it to reinforce how bad things got and how much better they are when I'm sober. I wish you all the best be kind to yourself and IWNDWYT.
I quit my job and haven't looked back. I'm taking this time to get myself sober. The environment I was in was NOT conducive to my sobriety. Completely changing careers. Sobriety will always come first for me. You'll land back on your feet don't sweat it!
Op please talk to someone you trust in HR. If you are totally honest they may be more sympathetic. Best of luck and welcome back IWNDWYT  
I'm worried about my job too but moreso because of company changes. It's tough to face but right now nothing is certain and my worry and anxiety over it is me being frustrated over not being in control of the situation. I have to let go of the things I cannot control - that has been hard for me in the past but this is a good opportunity for me to learn more in my journey. I suspect this is similar for you and I'd encourage both of us to stay positive. It will all work out one way or another. Part of the journey :) I will not drink with you today because we both deserve to be happy so let's both honor that.
In the UK they can't sack you if you're depressed or an alcoholic. Get the doctors and get that letter!
Keep that attitude!  Hopefully you'll keep your job but no matter what keep your sobriety!  Alcohol only makes tough situations worse. I'm cheering for you!
Keep in touch with your bosses/HR about your recovery while still employed. Use your resources. Many employers offer support for substance treatment and if you have EAP use it. I was sure my bosses were going to fire me during the paranoia part of drying out. Instead one of my leads became my sponsor and sounding board for support through the hard stuff. One day at a time bud. IWNDWYT
Look at all the support you are getting from all of us.  Make sobriety your top priority and things will work out eventually.  Best sober streak I have had ever.  Take care of you!!!
IWNDWYT ..Be strong. Sometimes open communication can really do wonders. Please update so we know you are ok...You're doing the right thing being sober! I am on day 9. Let's do this together!
I'm happy for you keep on it!
IWNDWYT
I recently lost my job due to suspected substance abuse. The first 5-6 days were very tough. I looked at the past and felt shame and embarrassment. I looked at the future and felt lost and worried. These days though I'm focused on now and maintaining sobriety. My plan is to solely focus on sobriety for the next few weeks. I've been eating a ton and staying up late which is okay on my end as long as I don't drink. The job search will follow later. And this time it'll be different - I want a job that I enjoy no matter the salary prestige or anything else meaningless in the long run. Maybe then the need to drink will disappear. Good luck!
IWNDWYT!
How long were you sober before this binge? Did they know of your drinking at any point prior to last week?
Don't ever say  I got this!   Never!.IWNDWYT
I'm with you   I might lose my job tomorrow.  Why do I do this to myself. I have a beautiful wife and a handsome son. What am I doing  why am i doing this  
I've learned to accept that all the bad things that happened brought me where I am today. I'm not sure if everything happens for a reason at least not in the sense that some omniscient being is premeditating events for a specific purpose but I do think that we have the power to create purpose from tragedy. When something bad happens we have the choice to learn from it and grow or to just suffer. The choice is ours. Seems like you're already figuring this out. For me the key to sobriety and happiness is to expect nothing and accept everything. I'm rooting for you! I will not drink with you today.
A fresh start at a new job might be good for you.  If you're okay with that and your current job has been supportive this far you might as well just be honest with them about why you missed work the past week. They might be a good support system to keep you accountable also helping get you resources to quit.
It's a tough spot to be in my friend. But like you said your health is important. I'll urge you to be kind to yourself and hang in there. You've started down the path - keep going. You'll find many of us sharing the rod with you - know that you are not alone. ..Your office may have programs to help but I know it's a tough place to ask. Hang in there. Wishing you all the strength you need to get through this. IWNDWYT
I had something similar happen 3 weeks back.  I start a new much better job tomorrow. Good luck.
Do you work in a kitchen by any chance?
Well said you have such a great attitude and that really means a lot. How exciting I'm glad to hear your manager is giving you another chance. Don't let them down this isn't just about you anymore. You've got it! Keep coming back here and you'll thrive
I'm in the same boat. I didn't go on a bender or anything but whenever I drink I get super depressed and anxious the next day and that caused me to call in and now I heard they're looking for a replacement. But your 100% right. A job is a job but your life is your life. IWNDWYT
The first step is definitely forgiving yourself and it seems you're on that road. The next step is just being bad-ass. I'm pretty sure you can do it.
I just went through this and already lost one job as a result. We only get so many chances and I feel like I've burned 7-8 of my 9. Hope you realize this is a gift we can all lose. Don't waste a second or third chance. Good luck.
Hey OP thanks for sharing...The last time I drank I woke up for work the next day still drunk drove to work and managed to get through an hour of my shift before my coworker sent me home (driven by my other coworker). I awoke confused as to why I was at home and not at work where I should be having pissed myself. It was then and there I knew I'd be fired and rightfully so. But my boss forgave me my coworker forgave me and I haven't had a drink since. Don't get me wrong I've been tempted many a time since but I counted my blessings and stick with it...Good luck to you on your journey.
God speed
Sorry you had to go through facing this but if it has been a wake up call it will be worth it. You must have an incredible boss. We are here to support and encourage you. ..Your Friend John.          
Hell yeah. Five days!!! Amazing. Hang in there. At some point you'll find yourself not even thinking about it. ..It's not worth going back to.
My work did not but any rehab will even if it's just for alcohol.
