-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bj3fli/i_screwed_up_badly/

I'm 23 and I've been drinking heavily and nearly every day since I was 20. I feel like I'm throwing away my life. Last night I got really wasted and was absolutely horrible to the people who I care about and love the most. I feel so alone and stupid. I hit my head last night and was throwing up blood all morning. Recently I'm constantly stressed my mum has a personality disorder and she's belittled and rubbished my problems every time I've tried to go to her. I don't really know what I'm hoping to achieve by posting here and I'm not even sure if this is allowed but I'm desperate for some support right now. I managed to go nearly 3 months with only a couple of relapses a few months ago but recently I've fully relapsed. I'm ruining my life because I just cant control my drinking. I'm currently sat in A&amp;E feeling so alone and angry with myself. I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

As another person who can't control my drinking I can tell you I have only found success by not drinking at all. Anything more leads to a bad place very quickly. I wish you strength and I hope your stomach is okay. This community is great read through the posts here.
Just focus on making it through today without drinking. Then check in on the daily thread tomorrow morning. 3 months with just a few relapses is pretty good it shows that you can quit again. Just focus on today for now though. One step at a time.
The thought of never drinking again at such a young age sounds terrifying so try not to think of it that way. None of us knows what tomorrow holds but for today you can make a choice to do something different. When I first started a month of no alcohol sounded like forever but I put one foot in front of the other and just kept deciding to not drink. Eventually months had gone by and I hadn't even thought of drinking. As long as I don't take the first drink it is much easier to avoid a binge cause after one I lose the power to choose. Keep it up I know you can do this! IWNDWYT!
you are in the same situation i was in 324 days ago. i saw my.family doctor for some meds to help curb my desire.  then i talked to some good friends.  then i found this subreddit.  i check it daily.  i was tempted yesterday but "played it forward" and i am so happy i didn't give in to the urge.  we have your back.  you can do this!
One time my sister-in-law was being rude while I was wasted so I hucked a loaf of garlic bread at her from across the room. We've all had those embarrassing moments try to use them to  wake yourself up.  Also check out the book  The Naked Mind  it changed everything for me and made not drinking a no brainer.
It's not a hopeless situation. You're here looking for help rather than opening another bottle or cracking open a can. That's a wonderful start...Certain words you say makes me assume you're from Ireland or the UK. Hang in there neighbour. I would agree with some fellow Redditors here and suggest you go to your GP and see if you can get some sort of anti anxiety or other medication to help you through the physical side of this. ..You don't have to go through this alone.
You've been given a great gift. For some of us it's taken years decades even to admit that we have an addiction to alcohol that is destroying our lives. You've come to recognize it early with your entire life  still ahead of you. Sure you could suffer for another 10-20 years if you really want to...but you're smarter than that. ..You have the power to change anything and everything. You got this.
Yo man here's a tip don't go to your mom for support. Going for her to help will not make you better. ..Help yourself one day at a time.
This is the definition of hopelessness. I've spent a decade there mate. But there is hope! Alcohol did for me what I couldn't do for myself.... until it didn't work anymore. I've found help and hope in AA. I had to level my pride and get down to WHY I drank. Turns out I was just unable to deal with the world and everything in it including myself. .I encourage you to seek help. It's out there. And we're routing for you! Keep us posted!
We love you! Things will get better just take baby steps in the right direction &lt;3
Wow this was my exact situation this time last year. The age the mother everything. Im so sorry youre feeling alone but please know that you aren't. We've all made those mistakes that we regret but the only thing that  really helps now is time. Time to put those memories behind you and move on. Youre still so young you still have time to make this life anything you want. Good luck  
One day at a time. .Don't worry about quitting for a week or a month or a year just don't drink today...When you wake up tell yourself the same thing...Making it to the end of the day is mentally way easier than making it to the end of a month then before ya know it you're at a month sober
Hey man i'm 29 and been drinking heavily since 20 (bingeing for days then clean for days and cycle repeats) just threw up blood for the first and last time after a five day binge six days ago. I got into the binge as an excuse because someone stopped talking to me due to the binge before it. I've tried to quit before (or drink socially) on my own more times than I can count. The fact that I threw up blood is the final straw for me. I promised myself I'd quit alcohol before turning 30 and that point just presented itself. While I was stuck in hospital for three days I told the doctor absolutely everything and got resources and an anti-depression prescription. I'm going to my first AA meeting on monday and I booked an appointment with an alch addiction specialist. There are many tools out there to help combat alcoholism I really hope you use them because I never did until now where I'm truly frightened. I outreached to distant family and repaired relationships all in the name of being finished with this. ..As you can see you definitely aren't alone and our stories are kind of similar. I'm going to stick around here and I'm going to beat this. I hope you do it too!
Like some people are saying here...it's not hopeless. You're at least doing a bit better than I was at 23 at least you feel some sort of remorse...pride is a bitch and I had it pretty bad at your age. I'm about 28 now and am wishing I had the wherewithal that you have right now when I had more to lose. Some of the things I said and done while a drunk were pretty lowlife &amp; nasty of me and those stories still come back to haunt me from time to time even well into my sobriety. Imagine 4 more years of weird emotional outbursts and shitty drunk behavior? Imagine 4 more years of premature aging? It ages you. FAST. Yeah don't be a me it's still very early and your body (and society) is very forgiving at your age the bounceback will be QUICK...I'm genuinely glad you want it to stop now before it gets any worse I can assure you that it most likely will if you don't...I can't exactly say that I'll never drink again but it's almost been a year and I seriously feel and look great (except for the occasional ping of regret of time wasted being well...wasted haha)... But you never regret not drinking right?..You went 3 months with no drink before already so you already know you can do it. You can reach out to me to vent about what's causing you to be depressed and driving you to think you need to drink. I don't have any magic words to offer to make you feel better but I'll listen and validate your feelings.
You've taken the first step and I am proud of you. stop drinking will throw you the ladder. Just keep climbing one rung at a time. It works for me. You got this! I wont drink with you today.  
You're still young you've got time. I was a pretty hardcore alcoholic for about 10 years got to where I was drinking a full bottle of whiskey or vodka every night. Eventually I got tired of feeling like shit all the time and gradually quit. Now I don't even like drinking I don't even feel tempted. It is possible to quit though it's probably better with help...Full disclosure: I did become a massive pothead too and haven't quit that but that's a trade I'm ok with. My body no longer feels like I'm poisoning it.
Your post really touched me. Your so young I hope you try to stop for good but I know from experience it will be difficult. I once read that an alcoholic hurts the one's they love the most and this is so true...I'm 32 and still learning to navigate this addiction. I realised I had a problem about 6 months after I started drinking but didn't do anything about it until 10 years had passed. Please keep positive and stay on this sub. It helps so much to have each other for support...Meditation and yoga help me a lot so try it. All the best to you. Sending hugs.
I was doing the same shit when I was your age. Except now I'm 29 and you have the jump on me cause it took me longer to want to change! So good for you that youre figuring it out now rather than later. I'm jealous hah
Just to let you know I'm a 22yo guy who just recently kinda stopped. I binged hard from 20yo to like 2 months ago. Something happened and I screwed up really badly too so I went to some AA meetings. Didnt help me that much so i havent been since but it did help a great deal at first. Found some good AA speakers on YouTube and that was great too. Anyways since then I've relapsed like twice but neither of them turned into long binges so I'm proud of that. Doesn't mean I didnt drink though and I felt like shit afterwards. Anyways I've been doing a good deal better since I've abstained from alcohol. I really need to abstain though cause when I start drinking like most of us I love it so much and absolutely cannot stop. Moving on though Since I've been abstaining I've noticed a really positive change in my life. It hasn't been huge though.. I have a lottttttt of damage control I'm doing right now. Plus learning to not drink is a total change of lifestyle. At least for me it has been. And honestly it's been pretty effin tough. Just wanting to get myself back to a normal healthy productive functioning person again is the real challenge for me but.. having said that these past 2 months I've  gotten back up to speed with my classes I've lost a bit of weight I feel better daily I'm making better decisions and im seeing a good positive direction in where im heading. I'm saying all this just to give you someone elses deal and maybe you can relate some or draw perspective. Things will get better you just gotta figure out what you need to do to stop drinking. I kinda ghosted a bunch of drinking friends and a bunch of people that made me wanna drink. I have a lot of solitude now but it's actually been really great for me.  It's what I need to develop myself into the person i want to be and for me that person doesn't drink and doesn't do the crazy things i used to do when i would drink. Despite how hard things are it's worth it to not drink. Its SO worth it to not drink. And a lifestyle without alcohol is actually pretty badass. Another thing that helped me is I started smoking cigarettes at first. But I dont like the idea of killing my lungs so about a month ago I stopped and now I smoke weed most nights when I can. Whatever you gotta do to avoid the cravings i guess. But ya cheers to the road ahead. You can do it. And when you do the whole sober thing just remember to have patience with it. Things will get really good in time
You say you recently went three months trying not to drink? That is an achievement in my view.  ..I totally understand beating yourself about the idea of wasting your life - I've had many awful hangovers where I've thought the same thing to the point of feeling like hurting myself - but it seems to me that you acknowledge your drinking is a problem and are trying to work on it. That's not nothing!  ..It sounds like you definitely need more support and people around you in your immediate life who will help you in this journey. Having non supportive parents that you live with is incredibly difficult for this sort of thing - I find it difficult to struggle with drink still living in my family home due to how my parents are about it. It's horrible to be belittled by people you trust when you open up. No-one in this sub will judge you or belittle you. I wish you all the best and I rly hope that your injury is nothing too serious. You deserve kindness - take care of yourself.   
