-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjb6k7/lost_165_pounds_in_my_first_year_of_sobriety/

I'll try to keep this as brief as I can because I could go on for a very long time. Alcohol is not the friend I thought it was. But at the end it was the only friend I had. I had pushed everyone away because they just couldn't deal with my drunk ass. I was numb to my surroundings because I was constantly in a drunken state...My regular drinking of 6 beers crept up to 24 beers a day in less than a year. I was binge drinking everyday for months. Constantly sick stomach problems and the regret I would get not knowing what I had done in my blackout daze. It was like this for years until I started getting the shakey hands...I tried to quit but relapsed everytime and I was hopeless. That voice in my head would talk me into drinking everytime. Even knowing that my grandfather died of alcoholism and my father isn't far behind him still wasn't enough to get me sober. I was as low as I had ever been...Fortunately for me I had an old friend come into my life and change me into someone I didn't know I could be. She was losing her father to liver disease from his lifelong drinking. She saw it as an opportunity to help someone who actually wanted the help because her father had always rejected it. I had a support system now and a purpose to stay sober. ..Boy did it work. Made small changes like I only drink water. Nothing else but water. Drink a gallon or two a day and you won't want to drink anything. First couple months were hell not going to lie but I kept pushing...Then the weight started to drop and I was fully motivated. I started at 407 at this point last year and am currently at 242 pounds now. I have surpassed my ultimate unrealistic expectation of 250 and I plan on losing more. I don't exercise much or do anything physical but it just keeps burning off. I was drinking over 3500 calories worth of beer everyday so removing that from my diet was key. ..I've even seen a doctor and I'm very fortunate that I haven't done any serious damage to my body. This has been the absolute best year of my life and all it took was me giving up alcohol to get the life I wanted. All of you on your journeys keep it going and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Such a fantastic feat! You should be very proud! ..I really enjoyed reading about your successes! So please keep going!...Iwndwyt!
IWDWYT
Way to go!
Congratulations you're an inspiration!  I will not drink with you today.
Now that's an amazing uplifting story!
Congrats!!!
Holy cow truly impressive! IWNDWYT
Congrats! I'm down 50lbs with 8.5 months sober!  Positive change begets positive change!
This is excellent! In my first 4 months of sobriety I lost almost 30 pounds. Now you're going to have the energy and ease of movement to enjoy your new sober life :)
Congratulations that's awesome!!
My man. getting rid of the poison actually does work - imagine that. Sky's the limit now
Well done friend.
You are a sober legend! Go you!
Awesome congrats!  
Wow what an effort congrats on reaching this milestone reading this put a big smile on my face!
You're a guy right? Congrats and that is awesome. Any women have the same type of stories??? Crickets...crickets....And THIS is why I get frustrated.
Wow! Well done!
"Small changes like I only drink water" haha! Just the biggest and most important change you could make! Well done
As a normal person I'd tell you there is no magic in what you've done. You cut calories and lost weight. ..As an alcoholic I truly know how it feels and  I'm so happy to read your story and proud of you... At worst of my drinking (450 ml of vodka a day) I weighed 280 lbs after 137 days sober (month long tapering)  I'm on 224 lbs with only 10.000 steps a day...I had health checks and I was relieved. No damage on liver or kidneys. .Only one gallstone most likely caused by fast weight loss...If someone reads this please let this sub help you it was my only source of information and I don't share with anyone else but SD..Lots of love and remember to be kind to yourself.
Well you lost that only friend. Then the weight...You gained a true friend and sobriety and a life...Thank you for sharing your life. Well done on the year...Happy Birthday.            ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.
What a great story. It sounds like you have some serious family trends working against you so you deserve extra credit. I was astounded to see the 3500 calorie number in print but then again it makes sense. You did an amazing job. We all face great and sometimes darker days and moments ahead on this journey but stories like yours can only help us through. Thanks.
You are an inspiration and thank you for sharing your story!  I've heard before that limiting to just water is extremely effective; you are the proof.  I don't know if i can do it but i think im going to try.  Did you allow yourself tea La croix or anything else or is it really just plain water all the time?  Seriously amazing you have motivated me
Hell yeah man. I don't know you but I'm so proud of you. Feels great to be in control. Live your life the happy way. Same way for me. Drink 10-14 drink a night for the better part of a decade. ..Fuck that.
Geez that's another whole person!
Get rid of the poison and let the brain recover. ..And weight just falls off...Inspirational story buddy.
Bro this is an amazing story.  Keep going!
Amazing work! You are an inspiration!
That is awesome! Fellow ex- heavy beer drinker here! Your post is very inspiring! Isn't it surprising how our bodies are so resilient?! I lost 34 lbs so far from dropping my 18 beers a night habit! IWNDWYT!
Wanting to lose weight is something that's keeping me going even when the cravings are raging. Thanks for sharing!
Congrats friend! That is fucking amazing! Keep up the excellent work! IWNDWYT!
Great to hear! I'm down 27 pounds since Jauary about half of which I can tie to quitting drinking. 18 more for my goal! Let's do this weight loss and not drinking thing going! IWNDWYT
Way to go!  Keep it up you should be very proud of yourself.
Wow! That is an amazing transformation! Very inspiring. I am going to be thinking about you all day. Any time that little alcohol-loving voice pops into my head I'm going to use the way you just made me feel to crush it...Thank you.
165- It's like you lost an entire person... the drunk guy!
What an amazing story!  Thank you for sharing.  So awesome.
Good job !
Hiw did you stay motivated to lose weight. My problem is i crave sweets and give in. I need to find that motivation. Any advice is appreciated.
Congratulations!
As of 7 days ago I have been listening to the podcast this naked mind and I have decided to quit drinking. I gained a shit load of weight as a young 25 year old female it's depressing. I know that my binge drinking was doing nothing to help me lose weight. I've decided to quit for good not just to lose weight but because it was taking me down a dark road the road that I grew up in with an alcoholic mother I always said I would never be that person and when I have kids I'll never be that mother. Unfortunately I became that person but thankfully as I'm not a mum yet I didn't become that mother. Because I've chosen to not allow that to happen by letting alcohol go. Your is. Inspiration! I'm so happy for you. Keep up the good work.
