-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bji4e9/tooting_my_own_horn_4_months_sober/

Being kind to myself and being proud of myself does not come easily to me. But I'm going to try!..I'm 4 months sober today!..All my friends drink heavily. ..My husband drinks heavily. ..And I am the only sober one I know. ..Despite the drunkenness that often surrounds me I'm resolute that this is the best choice for me and my 3 kids. ..My biggest struggle is not staying sober it is much easier to just be a non drinker as the days pass. I know how much I have gained and changed and I dont want to go back! I'm heading in the right direction for me and I'm going to keep walking. ..My biggest struggle is being annoyed and generally uncomfortable around my husband and friends. They are truly wonderful people sober but drinking they are loud shrill annoying unpredictable and unpleasant when they get to a certain point. I'm learning how to detach and take care of me...But my biggest struggle is not letting drinkers and drunks get under my skin especially my husband. It's really hard to navigate but it's a process not perfection. ..Anyway I'm proud of me for going against the grain!..I'm in a great place in my life. I do yoga every day I meditate I'm re-engaged with Buddhism and meditation I'm in therapy I have a really good relationship with my 3 kids. I have clarity grit and openness. I'm learning to have boundaries agency and self respect all of which I struggled with in the past 40 years!..Stopping drinking was a catalyst for massive growth for me. I'm very happy I stepped off the beaten path of drinking. ..Thank you for being the only sober people I know. I believe in you I'm grateful for you. ..Keep on truckin!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow 4 months is great! Way to go! You deserve to be proud! I dislike being about people that are drunk since I got sober. You can't reason with someone that has drank too much. They can not see how they are acting. I really do not have any advice on that except keep on your path and maybe one day your husband will see what it has done for you and quit himself. IWNDWYT
Great job!  Right on your heels!
Congrats!!! Happy 4 months! Being around people when they are drunkily obnoxious is super hard for me too. Definitely tests my patience but always reminds me of why I stopped...IWNDWYT
Congratulations you're doing great! IWNDWYT!
Congrats! That's huge. ..I will not drink with you today.
*Toot that horn girl!*..Congrats and thanks so much for the inspiration :).
Congrats!!
Congrats!!!!!
We are here for you! I can totally relate to being annoyed by drunk people. I used to avoid bars because of the temptation to drink now I avoid them because drunk people are. so. annoying. If I get cornered by one more babbling stranger who tells me circuitous rambling accounts of their philosophy on life I'm going to fucking scream...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT!
You are such an inspiration.  I feel like I am so alone in my sobriety but my husband is sober with me in our world of drunk people.  I don't know if I would be so strong if it were really just me in this.  You show me that it's possible no matter what.  Thank you!!
Toot your horn all you want! Great work you've got a lot of stressors and you're taking care of yourself so well toot away :)
I am four months sober today too! Congrats!! Sober birthday twins  
4 months is amazing. Good job. IWNDWYT
Totally toot your horn you're doing amazing! Especially with all around you drinking. It sounds like you're really taking care of yourself and your family too congratulations IWNDWYT
You're terrific! Congratulations and I am so happy to be counted among your sober crew. I have no advice on dealing with being the only sober one in the room though I can relate to feeling annoyed by being around people who are drinking to excess--were we ever that obnoxious?! I hope as you move ahead with your self improvement and your sobriety that you find constructive and self-assured ways to talk about it with your husband. This is your journey of course but you are both in it together too. Every day sober is a new opportunity to get better at being our best selves and a new opportunity to get better at being a spouse. Lord knows I got a ways to go. Stay to the path move away from the shadows and keep advancing forward.
Way to go!!
We're sober buddies. Congrats to you! :)
Toot away! I love reading about how much sobriety helps people on this sub. Wishing you many more great days of self discovery and personal accomplishments!
Toot away!!
Fantastic!! In my friend group once one person went sober we all saw how much better sobriety is and now pretty much everyone is sober! May you be the first domino! IWNDWYT!
Your horn deserves tooting!..Nice work.
It's so important to be our greatest cheerleader. Toot your own horn.
