-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjofwb/i_relapsed_hard/

I dont know what possessed me to pick up a pint of vodka... that lead to who knows how much more alcohol... i vaguely remember inviting a stranger over... not going to work the next day... need to reset badge..
----------immediate responses--------

It's going to be ok.  You came back here.  You can start again.  IWNDWYT
Dust off and start over. Tomorrow is a new day. IWNDWYT
I did too. It's ok. Glad you're back. We're all here for you. Hugs and take care of yourself. Everyone told me to not be so hard on myself and to give myself some self compassion so I will tell you the same. &lt;3
I've done this so many times I can't even count them on both hands. Just please don't beat yourself up!  This disease is baffling and cunning and at times makes absolutely zero logical sense...What matters the most to me is you're back! That and your 6feet this side of the ground and not 6feet under it.
I also relapsed during weekend. I was still downing 6 pack on monday to keep the shakes at bay. I haven't drank since and the aftermath has been the worst I remember feeling. Strong shakes horrible anxiety and insomnia. I don't ever have to feel this way again if I don't drink again. Have to keep on fighting. Every day we can put between ourselves and alcohol is a victory and another step towards freedom...IWNDWYT
I've been there my friend. It's such a demoralizing soul crushing feeling. I sincerely feel your pain...Alright...enough jerking each others wangs. Thats all the feeling sorry for yourself that's allowed. You're back and you're going to hose yourself off and get back into the fight. Do whatever you did that was working before the relapse...just do it better. Post here every day. After you have 2 or 3 days start posting motivational stuff to newbs who are on day one. It'll help you stay sober. And then do some of the other things the successful people here do. Ask for advice. Get involved. Get mad. Get determined to kick this addictions ass or die trying...I dont know you but I love ya bro. We're the same you and me and I honestly believe that if you can make it then I can make it. So I need you to make it...IWNDWYT  
