-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bjr1wf/2_years/

I read a lot and comment a little and am so grateful for this community - even if I'm not that active. I found this sub about a year into this sober stint as I was really struggling with AA wondering how I'd stay sober without it. Like many here this is not my first attempt at sobriety. I first got sober on 4/8/2003 at 25 years old. Both of my parents were about 5 years sober at that time and I saw how AA changed their lives and I wanted what they had. They taught me how to drink and also taught me how to get sober. I dove head first into the program was able to do all of the adult things that I struggled with while drinking: graduated college got married had kids and a successful career. Through all of the good things I stopped going to meetings (because there was no time for that) and after 12 years sober I thought I could manage my drinking again. ..&amp;#x200B;..We hear this from people in recovery a lot and everyone that has relapsed has probably heard &amp; ignored this but  you WILL pick right up where you left off in no time and will not be able to control your drinking no matter how you change it up. Only this time it's even harder to quit. Now you feel shame for succumbing to the drink because you should know better.  You should know how to quit again because you've done it before but this disease doesn't care. If you are a secret drinker like me you get an extra special dose of denial. I hid my relapse from everyone for a year and a half. It was hard fucking work to hide it like I did and I was so isolated in my shame that I just couldn't get out of the spiral.  When I hear people that are still drinking in secret I tell them to tell someone to force them to be accountable. It was the only way I could find my way back to sobriety. I fessed up to my husband (who was pissed that I lied for so long) and went back to a recovery program through my insurance provider jumped back into my home group got a sponsor and another year of my sobriety under my belt. ..&amp;#x200B;..Now here's where this sub has been monumental in my journey this time. I was struggling bad in AA. "Fake it til you make it" with the higher power was no longer working as it did in my twenties. I could not have my HP be a door knob or even the group. I wanted to do it "right" but it just didn't fit. I tried to stick to other atheists but there were no actual secular groups near me so I began focusing on the AA jargon that didn't make sense to me.  I started questioning whether I could stay sober without AA. After all they told me I'd relapse if I stopped coming to meetings and I did. They told me that "half measures availed us nothing" which I got. I felt destined to fail. Then I found this sub. I saw (and continue to see) tons of people stay sober both with and without AA. I was introduced to more non-AA literature that I identified with. You all gave me permission to do sobriety in a way that works for me and that doesn't cause me to question myself for "not getting the god thing". I can let the patronizing things that I was hearing in meetings go because I know now that I'll be ok without it. You gave me this SD so thank you! IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..Note: I am not dismissing the value that AA brings so many people struggling with addiction. I still go to my home group on occasion. I still talk to my old sponsor in an unofficial sponsee/sponsor capacity. Those women and those rooms once save my life but it's not the path I choose to go all in on today and I'm ok with that.
----------immediate responses--------

  IWNDWYT
AA can be a great help particularly in early sobriety. I ultimately decided the program wasn't for me but I have nothing but gratitude love and respect for the people who dedicate themselves to their cause. I almost always reccomend struggling newly sober give AA a chance. Even if just to have some positive sober human interaction in their lives. ..This sub is the bomb. I love the people here. At this point in my sobriety I need them. In fact I wouldn't last a day without them.
  glad you are back on track!
Glad to hear you're back on track. Keep up the great work!
