-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bk4i1u/did_i_ruin_my_life/

I've been following for a few weeks and feel like it's time to contribute.  You have all been a source of strength for me and it brings me peace to know I'm not alone in this struggle.  I'm a married 39 yr old nurse who has been hiding my alcohol consumption for quite some time.  I always justified my actions because I was able to stop with no problems on the days I would work.  I don't have a problem if I can hold a job and only drink a couple days a week right?  My rock bottom was getting a DUI about 6 weeks ago.  I have put my career and future in jeopardy because of my reckless actions.  Now I not only have to go through all the legal stuff but I also must stand before the board of nursing and explain my behavior.  Nobody needs an alcoholic nurse running around!  I'm extremely ashamed and embarrassed of my actions and I'm determined to never go there again.  Just wanted to share and let other nurses who may be on here know they are not alone  
----------immediate responses--------

I got a DUI in 1998 and had the same thoughts...You will be fine. The only lingering effect is I can't easily travel to Canada. ..Just be honest with the board and go to meetings. Even if you think AA or similar program will not help you. Go so the board can see you are taking action...You will be fine.
There is life after DUI but it is what you make it!
I'm a 40 year old corporate employee who lost my job yesterday due to being drunk at a work event last month. Devastated. Didn't think I would actually get fired but alas I think they are making a lesson out of me. I take responsibility. I screwed up. So I feel your pain. I'm mortified coworkers are talking about it right now but I guess it was the wake up I needed. A good friend of mine is a nurse and had the same think happen as you as few years ago. She was fine and is now in the process of trying to get it off her record. Good luck to you! Iwndwyt.
You definitely did not ruin your life. Myself and tons of other people that I have met have come back from a dui or two or much much worse and live happy productive fulfilling lives today. Don't sweat it. This will pass you'll move on and everything will turn out fine.
