-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkbm9u/if_you_need_motivation_during_a_craving_battle/

Heed my story if it helps in any way to suppress your urge to have "just one" with dinner - which is what I did last night and of course it ended badly.   ..&amp;#x200B;..I was on a 2.5 weeks and feeling great.  Killing it at work and life all around feeling energetic.  I'm a co-founder of a rapidly growing company parent to a teenager and in a serious relationship for 3 years. Both of us would say we are deeply in love even if at times the relationship is flawed with co-dependency and dysfunction.    ..Yesterday was my first real craving and test of multiple triggers in the 2.5 weeks. I'm an emotional binge drinker and most of the time I can drink socially just fine.  As I've gotten older the binges and damage have intensified.  I've struggled with the idea that I'm an alcoholic as I've never gotten into trouble DUI or had any public consequences.  Its all been private with only my boyfriend aware of my issue.  My mother was severely alcoholic (homeless jail etc) and her mother died of cirrhosis.  I've grown up aware and scared of this demon and feeling the weight of its perceived  inevitability yet I refuse to acknowledge I would succumb to it.  Watching my mother descend into depravity was shameful and scarring as a child.  I fled home as soon as I could to become a "successful" in defiance of my lot. ..&amp;#x200B;..This week my boyfriend had gone out the night before on a business trip and got drunk didn't check in until the next day and I had assumed all manner of things he was doing.  We fought the next day.  In the midst of that I had a business trip myself with many meetings and company issues arising.  I was sleep deprived from our fight emotional angry as I thought he was lying to me.  I broke up with him in a fury. ..&amp;#x200B;..Went to a business dinner with another CEO for genuine business reasons.  Prior to sitting down I was battling in my head the craving of having "just one" with dinner.  The day had been so stressful I was so tired and emotional and just wanted to disappear in a distraction.   We sat down I caved ordered wine when he did.  Ordered another when he did. I didn't say no to the subsequent rounds but instead kept rationalizing when I would leave and stop.  Conversation was lively and superficial (of course it is when just meeting).    We ended up sleeping together.   ..&amp;#x200B;..My boyfriend was up all night worried.  Even though I had broken up we were still talking.  He was bereft.  I couldn't lie to him and I admitted what happened this morning.  I'm sure he will really break up with me and I will lose him forever and I don't blame him.  I consider him the love of my life. ..Beating myself up today and resetting my badge.  I was doing so well and felt confident that THIS was the time I would stick it out.  I've gone through 90 days before but caved in moments like this.  I started going to meetings so I could be reminded of how bad alcoholism can get by hearing other people's stories.   ..&amp;#x200B;..One night stands are not my thing and I feel so shameful and low. This isn't who I am and I have no idea how to recover myself today.  It doesn't feel possible. ..So if you are having a craving for "just one"  I hope you are able to gut it out.  The loss of self respect and sound decision making just isn't worth it.  ..Starting over somehow.  ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Hey friend don't beat yourself up about it now. It's done. There is a good reason why you did it.Perhaps you needed to do it so things unfold for better. The future will tell. Good luck   
If it helps you to know that someone is helped by your story - I'm that someone.  Thanks for the reminder - IWNDWYT either!..We will stay strong.
Thanks for your story.  This is something I fear for myself.  I know I can't have just one but I also know I'll tell myself at some point I can...scary.  I hope you guys can overcome this.  If not there is no point in stressing over it now.  You can't go back got to move forward.  Say your amends and continue your life.  If you learn something its not all bad.  If your able to teach someone a thing or two as well its good to know your helping.  IWNDWYT
