-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bkft8s/on_the_verge_of_a_relapse/

I made a post the other day about how I got a job as a barista instead of bartending. I found out... they are getting wine as an addition to their menu!! SO MUCH FOR ME TRYING TO ESCAPE ALCOHOL'S CONSTANT PRESENCE IN MY JOB!! I thought hey well if they're gonna serve wine fuck it I might as well get a different job where there is alcohol because I'm inevitably gonna drink and anyways I'll make like 50%+ more money. The clock is ticking and I can't wait forever to get the right job or I'm going to have to move back with my mom. Seems like my choices are: be really depressed and drunk in my own room while living independently or move back in with my mom in the suburbs in my thirties while sober and be extremely depressed with no car and no public transport and no job options. A rock and a hard place for sure. I honestly think the first choice makes more sense at this point. I'm already so fucking depressed that drinking almost doesn't matter. I have had no gains in productivity whatsoever nor gained any clarity on my life goals. I have an embarassing medical thing that I have to get treated and my money is running out. Fuck this ugghhh.... Oh yeah and my new therapist is on vacation. Awesome...I really really wanna apply to this other job. It's only like 3 blocks from my house and it's during the daytime so I can see my friends again while working in hospitality. This is so frustrating...The third choice is to keep calm and continue looking for another job. Here's the thing though **I know I'm going to relapse no matter what.** I still haven't made it to my initial goal of 100 days which is disappointing. As of now I still haven't had a drink. I've also been taking nyquil every night just to experience some minor change in my conscious state.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time my friend. One day at a time...You can make it work. A meeting might help. Hang in there!
If you decide to relapse you will. I have had some relief with microdosing supplements and vitamins. One day at a time can feel more manageable than predicting the future.
Go live your life sober or drunk.   It's your choice.
Oh man sorry to hear that. We are at about the same day. I am feeling some of the same things as you but not interested in relapsing and starting this cycle over. That sounds like hell. Maybe take a few steps back write out the pros and cons and consider exactly what you'd be getting yourself back into. Maybe you will find a different option than the ones on the table now. Good luck!
Finding in-person support was the most important part of my getting sober.  I hope you can find a groupthat helps.  Also and I'm sure that your already know this but NyQuil is alcohol.  For me it comes down to  how free do I want to be?   I'm greedy.   I want to be totally free of the anxiety and pull of alcohol.  Which means I completely abstain from all substances.  That gives me the space to create a deliberate life.  Since I stopped filling the hole in my soul with alcohol and drugs I have been able to fill it with light and art and joy.  Most days that is.  I wish you peace on your journey.
