-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bl0mm1/why_us/

I usually end up posting on here after I've done something incredibly stupid or dangerous while drunk. That's not the case today although I did drink last night and I do regret it. I'm feeling a bit down today probably because of the residual effects of alcohol but I've dealt with depression in the past and have been feeling a little bit down more often lately too. ...Anyways my thoughts are going to the why me place the why do I struggle to control my drinking. I hate the fact that I struggle with this and I shudder when I remember all the blackouts and times I could've died hurt someone else or in fact did make a complete and total ass of myself. I've honestly made it to this point in my life relatively unscathed especially considering all the scenarios I've been in that easily could've taken a turn for the worse. But at least right now and more often than I'd like to admit instead looking at where I am and feeling grateful and sucking it up and owning the way my life has played out so far I just feel ashamed of where I've been and I hate myself. .&amp;nbsp;..I read a story today about a senator's daughter who passed out outside while she was drunk and froze to death. That easily could have happened to me on multiple occasions. Sometimes I wish I had died during one of my close calls so I didn't have to deal with the uncertainty of stopping drinking and to be honest life in general. It's bullshit that we have to struggle with this on top of every other thing that comes with simply being alive. I've tried to get help but what I've been doing clearly isn't working for me. ...What do you all do when you have thoughts like this? I know there are thousands of us out there and many who have succeeded in their fight but I can't help but feel isolated and alone.
----------immediate responses--------

I struggle with regret too. I also have been quite depressed trying to fix my life after I let my drinking get out of control. It's heavy and the hardest thing I've had to manage so I'm right there with you. .For me I'm trying to focus on action like applying for better jobs and get physically healthier now that I'm not pouring booze in me all the time. Good things? More emotionally present for my kid and determined AF to fix what I messed up. .I've also realized that me depression and anxiety felt unmanageable in part because of the drinking to manage my depression and anxiety. Best of luck to you and you're right the human condition can suck.
I believe that alcohol is an addictive drug and each and every person you meet in your life has the potential to be the drunk passed out in the gutter if they were to consume enough alcohol over enough time.  History current environment and genetics play a role but those just modulate the rate at which people fall.  However it is an continuum from slow to fast with people all along the scale.  I think it is pointless and impossible to try to pick one point along that line and say that people above that point were born unlucky enough to be drunks.  I do not believe anyone is powerless over alcohol.  We can make the choice to not have another hungover day for the rest of our lives.
Perhaps the fact I fell into the fast hard life of drinking is that I have so very much that could be going on for me.  I have energy to spare and perhaps afraid to follow where it leads... finding drinking became a growing never-endingly hungry hole to feed all this energy and stamina into that I couldn't figure out how to use it all/was too unsure of myself in whatever ways to follow unreservedly before.  Now I'm channeling all this good stuff into my everyday life instead of into drinking and things are picking up and starting to move faster momentum is building as I'm ready for more and life is getting richer more quickly.  I can tell more all the time where I don't like putting my time and energy and I can see things I'd way rather be doing and I'm sorting out how to live in a way that has me chasing my dreams down using that drive to enrich my life.  For one I'm not as afraid to do it I realize I've got little to lose and everything to gain.  Living with drinking for too long has shown me that- that's what there is to lose years of valuable time wasted on downer emotions ultimately.  Why me?  Because I need to chase down my creative drives or I'll go stir crazy.  Booze makes a poor substitute for that.
It is really bullshit that we have to put up with this but then everyone has their burdens to bear. It's against the sub rules to just tell others what to do so I'm telling you that if I were you I'd try to get some rest! I'm betting you'll be past this dark mood tomorrow. ..When I'm in a dark and extremely negative shame-spiral I either try to distract myself with work or chores if it's early in the day or it's later a good book or just go to bed early and put on a sleep program on the Insight Timer meditation app...Back when I still a drunk getting down about my drinking problem and mentally reviewing my hall-of-shame lowlight reel of my drinking career always led me right back in the warm deadly embrace of the nonjudgmental bottle. Being kind and compassionate to myself has been far more helpful to my continued sobriety and has reinforced to my stubborn old brain that sobriety too has its rewards. ..You're not alone Flashy. You're not alone.
