-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bl0q5u/day_20_of_being_sober_after_my_wife_separated/

Hello all! If you'd like to read my sobriety journey I have been keeping please look up my username and you will see prior posts. Thank you all for the support you have given me. .So Day 20 of being sober after my wife separated from me... I am very happy to report that I am 100% alcohol free and I am not having any urges at all. My mind and body feel great without having that in me. The past several days my son and I went on nature walks all you can play arcades multiple restaurants  etc with each other . It's been great spending all of my time with him and our bond is getting tighter we always had a good relationship but I'm sober in the evenings for a change. The reflection and hurt that I have come to cope with of all the damage that I did to my family because of the alcohol is still an every hour struggle. My wife has came home each day to spend about 30 min-1 hour with him each day. It's been tough hearing her say  my place  and things like that. We have been civil and have talked with each other over the past few days. The conversation does lead into tears on both sides sometimes. I can feel the hate that she has for how drinking took over me the resentment for missed time is definitely present too. I understand and get that completely. I am very sorry and am getting myself in order every way I can. I mentioned to her several nights ago that she can come here after work and we can talk and play cards for a little while while our son is asleep. At the time she said she would think about it. Well tonight she is wanting to come over and talk and play cards. I am so petrified scared and unsure of how I should act. How do I act? What do I say and not say? Do I pretend like everything is fine with me? Do I let her do the talking pretty much? I am so confused.... I want to just grab her  hug her and give her a kiss and let her know that the sober me is back. This is by far the longest I have been alcohol free in the 15 years. I never want to drink again this hurt is so much. Please advise and thank you all for your support . I will not drink with you today or tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

I can understand your anxiety about tonight. I would just try to be yourself stay in the moment listen to her and also speak your truth.  You got this!
You should visit the divorce sub too...This and that one helped me survive the worst time in my life and things aren't bad anymore
What happened?
Hi. How are things going? Update please.
