-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/blbr91/struggling_fell_short_yesterday_woke_up_everyones/

This is when I struggle the most and what keeps this perpetual.
----------immediate responses--------

Those feelings won't disappear they'll just be hiding and growing stronger til you sober up again. Don't do it. Alcohol doesn't solve issues it multiplies them rapidly...Hang in there we can do this!
Be strong.  there is really only one way to stop the cycle.  I and this group are pulling for you.
There is something that can take all those feelings away.  Talk about it with your wife and family. Tell then you're sorry and that you need help. Your drinking was a family affair your sobriety should be too. .Love yourself and love your family. I won't drink with y'all today!
Yeah.  Alcohol can numb you out for a bit.  Doesn't last very long though does it?  Then we gotta pay the price.
Hey you can do this stay strong I believe in you!
It's hard to jump off the hamster wheel of alcohol abuse. But it is possible. I found that when I finally admitted out loud to myself and my SO that I wanted to stop alcohol started to loose its grip on me. I felt stronger in seeking help when I quit fighting it. ..Be honest with your family. It is hard to expose your vulnerability and 'weakness.' But this will not make you weak. Your wife and daughters love you but they do not know the internal struggle. I still am figuring out that struggle for myself. And you will be figuring it all out as you step out on this journey of sobriety. ..I know how you feel. We all do. I found that arming myself with information helped to motivate me. 'Alcohol Explained' 'This Naked Mind' are two very good books. There are many avenues to take on this journey. I encourage you to find one. ..May your feet be put on the right path to alleviate the guilt sadness and anger you feel right now. May you forgive yourself and find compassion and kindness for yourself. You can do this.
Don't let the shame of slipping back stop you. In the 2 months since rehab I have been going to aa and drinking in between. Work caught me and if I am caught again I will lose my career. I have a superior who was on my side batting for me too so I felt like a piece of shit. ..But going to the meetings even with plans to drink made it easier to return and get over the shame quicker. I am not gonna push aa as I am still getting over my reservations with it but a face to face group of some kind can go a lot way longer that Reddit for me.
