-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/blow0q/i_relapsed_after_74_days_sober/

I'm not the one to post to Reddit but here I am. I very rarely post here but I honestly need your help as community. Anyway a few months ago I told myself I would be done with drinking completely but I gave into my urges and right now I feel like my only goal is to drink myself into oblivion. I don't know what drove me into this state but I just want to move on. I have so much I want to do with my life but it doesn't seem reachable whatsoever. I feel enslaved by alcohol. I never thought I would fall victim to a drug but here I am posting about it unfortunately. Please message if you'd like to give me advice or just a positive outlook on life. I know this post is a mess
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
It is easy to think that things are out of reach but you just have to take small steps to get there Rome wasn't built in a day and all that...&amp;#x200B;..You had a relapse and that is in the past so your sobriety starts again today. Day one.  Then tomorrow you can be proud of having achieved that and look forward to day two.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Alcohol is a crutch and you don't need it.
Life is tough and alcohol is everywhere. It's easy to to say tohellwithit and just drink. 74 days without drinking is a huge accomplishment. I'd give myself some credit for that. I know how disappointing it can be to mess up a sober streak but we must dust ourselves off and start again. Hang in there and carry on.
You made it to 74?! That's a huge accomplishment.  I know first-hand how deflating it can be to fall back into the trap.  Here I am day 3 all over again.  But if we do this enough soon 74 days becomes 100 days and so on.  We can do this.
When I took my first drink X years ago I never expected it to progress into a problem.  No one does.  Drinking was a pleasurable activity and little more.  ..However for me and many other people the pleasure of alcohol dwindled while the costs grew exponentially over time.  I developed a mental addiction.  ..Part of addiction is a compulsion to continue an activity that was at one point pleasurable is now harmful but we have difficulty stopping it.  If that sounds familiar then take heart because addictive behavior can be eliminated.  You absolutely can break away from alcohol.  It takes a little time and effort but it will happen-results will kick in quickly.  It all starts with committing to change.
Your brain threw a huge temper trantum and you gave into it. Get back up there and start over. Don't stop trying. Hang in there best of luck to us all!
I've been there before a few years ago and elected not to stop. Here I am further down the line having been in a lot more trouble than before in a shorter amount of time. This time I reached out to people and decided therapy/doctor/meetings were worth it. It does feel distinctly different I've gone past all my old spots without even teasing the idea of drinking (something I've always done in the past by now). I read 'Alcohol Explained' the other day and it really goes deep into the phenomena of relapsing and rose-tinted goggles (fading affect bias). Highly recommend it for easy reading straight information towards just what's going on in our noggins. Part of it is recognizing that every time the thought pops into your head you pin it down with disgust immediately and that way alcohol itself doesn't have time to fester and become a craving in the first place.
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. They exist because they work. Good luck. IWNDWYT
It take many tries to quit give it a shot again and don't give up
