-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bltf81/rock_bottom/

I think I've finally hit rock bottom. Over the course of the last two years I've done so many things to alienate my friends and family jeopardize my career and embarrass myself. I was barely able to finish my MBA and I almost lost my job as a director at a company because I couldn't stop myself from drinking. I'm so ashamed of myself and the things I've done. ..I drank all weekend sleeping very little and being drunk for hours and hours on end. I fought with my boyfriend spent hundreds of dollars I shouldn't have drove drunk multiple times texted an ex boyfriend and ended up seeing him only to have a fight with him too woke up vomiting and shaking and sweaty as I sobered up and called in sick to work .. none of this is unusual for me. In fact it's a depressingly common trend in my life. ..But I think I'm finally done. I've spent a lot of time telling myself I just needed to do a better job at moderation but the reality is that I can't. Once I start to feel the alcohol I can't stop myself from getting hammered. It's time to let alcohol go for real. ..I called in sick for a second day today and told my boss that I will explain what's going on when I'm in the office tomorrow and can call him. I'm senior management in my company so my frequent tardies and absences are especially unacceptable but they're also tolerated because of my position. I'm not going to tell him about my alcoholism but I'm going to tell him I've been struggling with some mental health issues and reassure him I'm back on my way to getting the treatment I need. I'm so sick of missing work and feeling horribly guilty about it and worrying I might someday get fired. I think it'll be a relief to just be honest with him that I have something going on and I'm working on it rather than trying to come up with a thousand excuses all the time. ..I know I need to leave my boyfriend. We haven't been together long. I feel bad because I know he really likes me but we spend most of our time together getting drunk or smoking weed. He also recently told me he has been using coke on occasion and I tried it with him as well. I don't want this for myself and I have to let that connection go even if he's going to be upset. He will only bring me down. ..Today is day 2. I poured out all the alcohol I still had last night. I'm considering going to my first ever AA meeting tonight. I'm scared to go to a meeting scared to try to make sober friendships and lose a lot of my drinking friends scared to tell my therapist I relapsed majorly again. I feel so depressed and alone and anxious about everything but I have to try to make a change.
----------immediate responses--------

I felt the same way. You've got this! You started on the path towards what makes you happy just by not drinking. That is a huge success. Fear is there. Like my therapist said fear of alcohol is respecting its power. You've got this! IWNDWYT
Do not be scared. There is nothing to fear but fear itself. The anxiety will go away after you have been off alcohol for a while. No one is going to judge you at any of those places. IWNDWYT
Welcome. AA saved my life. I found myself in a meeting when I was a director at a major aerospace company. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. I think you will be surprised at how much the people in that room or just like you and me. ..Good luck. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT
AA gave me my life back and more. I'm a high achiever as well and make no mistake alcohol was positioned to take EVERYTHING. I'm married with kids and have multiple Masters' but I could not outsmart or quit alcohol without help. If you're like me you'll quickly realize how much alcohol dampened potential. I'm much sharper and things are easier to track and remember. ..Good luck and keep coming back.
I had a 2 day call out of work hangover. I work in a small office with two guys and I did the shame spiral the rest of the weekend in my head and trying to come up with what I would say... it was business as usual when I got there Monday morning and the first time I felt normal since I decided to drink all the booze that I had access to and no one home to monitor.   All they asked is if I was ok. Yep I am ok and will not do that again because I think I could have died. No seriously  that was jacked. I've been trying to quit off and on this last year... I am good with this bottom don't want to get any further.
You are not alone. You will be surprised how many similar stories are on here. If you can hold down the director position with all of this going on imagine the possibilities in your life without alcohol. Focus on the positive - for real. Day by day. IWNDWYT. You're spirit will soar. :)
Once everything is out of your system and you've given some time between yourself and all of the things that your relationship with alcohol caused to go wrong (trust me I know exactly how that feels) you will feel a world better! Just hang on in there and you'll feel much better soon  - IWNDWYT
Your commitment and determination is a great first step. I know it feels like there's no way you could change your mind now but I'm sure it's happened before. As someone who also had to get sober in a high level management position please consider taking time off to get treatment...It probably seems impossible and like the last thing you should do at this point is just go away for 30 days right? But if you are in the US you are covered by FMLA and for me the only way to break out of my cycle was to go full rehab...Based on my badge you probably think we'll obviously it didn't work too well. I've had some setbacks but I am miles ahead of where I was and determined to keep getting better...Good luck whatever you decide to do!
Good luck in your endeavors! IWNDWYT
I went to my first AA Meeting last night and it was very encouraging. I stopped drinking on the 5th. So two days in. Be good to yourself. Take a bath. Occupy your time. Make plans with those who don't drink. But just don't pick up that first drink. If you find your mind obsessing over the same thoughts started to think about something else. The urges will come. Embrace them and let them pass. ..You can do this!!!! ..IWNDWYT
I had a couple of 2 day call outs over the past year during the clinical phase of my doctorate. I feel you so much. The shame is a visceral experience. We deserve to treat ourselves so much better. If you can earn an MBA and work a challenging position imagine what you can do without this BS holding you back. I believe in us!
