-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bltwc2/support/

So. I was a heavy drinker. I would handle everything I possibly could by noon and then get smashed until I knocked out. It's was like that for at least two years and before that I would call myself a heavy  social drinker . I was always socially drinking though. So... basically I was a somewhat functioning alcoholic...About three months ago my sister had her baby shower. I didn't eat and got so drunk I passed out in her in laws bathroom for an hour? Maybe more? They had to pick me up out of the bathroom. I was ashamed...It wasn't enough to quit drinking until I looked at myself and wanted to end it all and didn't give a fuck anymore. I had suicidal thoughts but this was different. I wanted to die. And I wanted it soon...I got a psych appt started anti depressants and started seeing a therapist weekly. Proud to say I'm sober since March 14! My days are generally brighter and better than usual though I have so much going on personally it's hard to stay the course...Today of all the days is strangely the most difficult. I have family stuff going on that may displace me from my home. My boyfriend is facing felony charges for a dui he got in July 2018 and should get his first deal from the DA any day now.. I'm so poor (lol I really am it's so fucking sad) and today I just can't fucking handle it. Nothing to out of the ordinary has happened just another fucking day. And this day drinking weather is calling my name...I have my sisters for support usually but they have their own issues (children jobs) and I've tried to reach out and now everyone is bitching in the group chat. That's fine really. What are sisters for? But I need someone to see my struggle because although I remember all the bad things drinking did to me I miss the escape. ..I don't know what to do. I genuinely feel I may cave. I don't want to but I do want to. I guess I just need support. ..Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Get a job and keep it. That's where you start.
I like how I came here for support and you feel the need to be kind of a prick. I do have three jobs. They're all side gigs but I do them regularly. It's enough to pay my bills and little else. Although I don't know why I feel any need to justify myself to you. ..Thanks for the support friend. Best of luck in your journey. I hope when you need help someone lends you a hand instead of judgment
The escape is desirable but the cost isn't worth it in hindsight. Is there anything else that helps you clear your mind? Any hobbies or activities you enjoy doing? 7 more days and you'd be at a whole month! It will get easier to ignore that weather calling your name tempting you to dance in the bourbon rain as time goes on.
