-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bm2t8e/nearly_first_24_hours_done/

My relationship broke down earlier this year then the death of an aunt. After that my ex and I stayed civil and tried to work things out until I started taking Xanax and drinking 2-3 bottles of sparkling wine a day. I started to completely lose control of my behaviour and I have done some serious things that I regret in the last few weeks. I had a car accident broke my sternum. Car is at the wreckers for a month. My ex absolutely hates me (for some valid reasons) has blocked me on everything. And you know he was the absolute love of my life. But I chose to keep drinking. That's how wicked alcohol is..So- after drinking as soon as I woke up til I passed out since the accident I decided last week no more. I saw a good doctor who has put me on a home detox (Vallies every couple of hours) which I started today    My last drink was around 830pm last nite.... today my first booze free day in months. I'm struggling with the guilt of ruining my relationship the car accident.... I have no friends in the town I live in. And unfortunately he lives only 300 metres around the corner from where I'm now staying..Please help me stay strong  I feel like I will never be happy again or have anything to look forward to. IWNDWYT   
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm on day 2. I fucked up my relationship with my ex girlfriend who was genuinely the love of my life too. You got this! IWNDWYT
Congrats on 24 hrs!..You're amongst friends here. We'll support you lean on us...If you're interested in meetings let us know - you can simply google the locations and see the dates/times available...Great job on going to the doc and getting prescribed meds!..Please keep posting/commenting/reading you're doing great my friend ;).
I'm in the exact relationship situation as you. I'm on day 3 and it's getting better. Stay strong. I'm not drinking with you.
You have to accept and surrender to the situation. No one knows what will happen in the future but we can be a better person today and going forward. It sucks but you were not aware prior when making mistakes you are now so you can continue not repeating them in the future. I struggle with this too but we both have to let go rather than hold on
Day 3 here and rooting for you. We can all do this!
