-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmajcs/hung_over_again_another_day_wasted/

Sometimes I've contemplated if I really even belong here. I'm not an alcoholic in the general sense y'know drink all day every day secretly drinking and all that and I've read some of your struggles here and I feel so far from some of you. Dealing with addiction for 40 odd years I'm not even that old so I couldn't imagine. ..But I can't help but notice the similarities between how things go when it comes to alcohol. The wasting of time not getting shit done because you're in bed hung over wasting money you can't even afford on alcohol the way it seems to be ingrained to drink at any opportunity. ..Thought my struggle is nowhere near some people's it still has the same basic principles just at a way less extreme. ..I'm trying to save money yet somehow I justify spending most of my money binge drinking over the weekend. .Hangovers are such a waste of time. I've been loving getting into good routines lately and it's drinking that knocks me off every. Single. Time. ..Down money behind on shit I need to do feeling anxious and down just going back to old shitty pointless habits like playing games all day. ..Why do o find it so hard. I've tried to not drink every week probably for a couple of months at least and I've been telling myself I wanted to stop drinking for probably years now...It's not that I need to quit forever out of necessity but it's getting to the point where I haven't yet succeeded in quitting in my entire life. It seems to have a "fuck it one more time" sort of hold on me. I want to be able to not drink purely because that's what I want. But for some reason it's almost impossible. ..Just spilling some thoughts I've lurked here for a long time now so I thought hey maybe it's time to make a post. Maybe that will change something in my thought process? Maybe somebody will turn up with some magic words that finally hit me deep...I really do want to just live my life without alcohol for a decent amount of time at least. Learn to have fun without the booze. And to just get stuck into life and do the shit I want to do instead of just being stuck in the endless circle of weekend drinking - spending the rest of the week recovering and then back on the booze by the weekend again...Thanks for reading if you did this was more just for me but feel free to post :)
----------immediate responses--------

Buy Annie Grace's book The Alcohol Experiment and do it. Like actually do it. No matter what reason you come up with the cheat drink...stick to the plan and abstain. Once you have that plan and goal it makes it feel doable and you will be amazed at how you can just keep going past 30 days. You have nothing to lose and sounds like you are ready to try the experiment. IWNDWYT
I didn't accept for a long time that I didn't have to drink all day every day to identify as an alcoholic. Later it became evident that those that drink all day every day don't live long to tell about it much less change. ..I too recognized that alcohol was a real problem in my life in various ways. Financial instability and lack of control of habitual were both really scary things for me. ..What it really came down to for me was that I wasn't proud of the person I was. I thought I was a good person because I didn't fight anyone or yell and scream or cause trouble that "I was only hurting myself". ..I recognized later that I was not living my life quite as nobly as I thought. I realized later that I was hurting a lot of people even if it was only through not showing up and being present and being someone they could count on. ..I'm still discovering how gratifying it is to be able to be accountable and honest on a daily basis. I have goals in life I know I won't accomplish if I've got that dark shadow of dependency following me around. I'm so grateful for the positive encouragement of friends and family when they tell me how happy they are that I'm making changes for the better. That's what keeps me going. ..Now I can try and focus more on helping others and that keeps me sober. It at least gives me an opportunity to be a net-positive in the world for the people around me. ..None of this is meant to convince you of anything really or to point a finger or to draw conclusions for you or about you. But I do hear you and I see a lot of myself in your story. I wish you all the best and I won't drink with you today!
It seems like you have tackled the first and most important step of making the conscious thought-out decision that you would have a life better lived without alcohol. Congratulations for that! It is extremely difficult and many people never even get to that point...Next step is just to try a day without drinking. One day. IWNDWYT. That's it...When you wake up in the morning take stock of how you feel. Did you sleep better? Do you have a little more energy?..If you're feeling like the benefits outweighed the costs for that first day: Try another day again being MINDFUL of how you feel over the course of the day. Do you have a little bit more focus? More energy? Etc. ..These little presents from sobriety happen EVERYDAY at the beginning...That said drinking again at some point in the future does not mean you "failed." If you do find yourself drinking again: again pause to take stock of how you feel. Is this really better for me? Putting myself at greater risk for a litany of possible accidents and chronic conditions? Sleeping poorly? Feeling just uncomfortable in general?..You can do this my friend. IWNDWYT
If im not mistaken addiction is something that you do compulsively even if you know you shouldn't. ..i try to never say i "should" or "shouldnt" feel a certain way and never compare your struggles to others. doesnt matter if youre drowning in the ocean or a kiddie pool you still need to come up for air. ..also there are so many people on this sub who drink/have drank to varying degrees. there is no judgement. even an occasional drinker can choose to r/stopdrinking. ..good luck to you
I didn't drink all day or every day. But when I drank it almost always ended up being too much or keeping me from getting things done that I wanted to. I never really attached a label to myself. I just decided that wasted time and not enough positive effects meant that alcohol wasn't something I needed anymore. It's been a good decision for me so far! IWNDWYT
I can totally relate. 9 months ago I kicked my husband out because I was tired of the  drunk husband  act I'd been dealing with for years. And yet since then I've had more than a handful of those wasted depressed hangover days and it feel like it's harder to come back to a positive space every time I do it. Over the years I've done sobriety stints and by the end of a few weeks I am zinging with energy and clarity that's the part of me I want back. I have so much to do and offer the world that I dont want the brief ride with alcohol to keep me delaying that journey. Day 4 IWNDWYT
Keep trying all we have is NOW.
