-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmji5k/after_my_second_relapse_in_6_months_im_trying_to/

Hey friends just wanted to share my story since I think it might help me just to air everything out...&amp;#x200B;..About 6 months ago I made the decision to stop drinking.  I had no real "rock bottom" but I come from a family of alcoholics and have realized my relationship with alcohol is extremely toxic.  I was a daily drinker for close to 15 years and over the last 5 or so years it's escalated to problem status.  It's put a strain on my marriage as I'm one of those drinkers who hides drinks enjoys drinking alone (as to avoid judgement from others on how much I'm drinking) and ultimately this leads to lying about drinking to those around me but mostly my wife.  After 28 days sober I drank thinking I could moderate.  I can't moderate.  I went to AA once and though I thought it was great I decided to try going sober alone because I'm stubborn like that.  This period of sobriety lasted just over 5 months until yesterday.  I don't even know how it happened or why I did what I did but I went to the gas station and got 2 tall boys.  I finished both even before getting home and that's where the flood gates opened.  I found some other random alcohol in the fridge and burned through everything.  Before I knew it I was sloppy drunk.  It's clear to me now that I do not have control over this and that scares the hell out of me...&amp;#x200B;..I feel like a total failure right now.  I let my wife down bigtime but I also really let myself down.  So here I am now re-setting the clock and posting here with the hope it helps keep me accountable.  Sharing my story is a way for me to admit that I'm an alcoholic something that's incredibly difficult for me to admit.  I'm going to give AA a real chance this time and hopefully between that joining this group and the continuing support from my loved ones I hope to stay sober...&amp;#x200B;..Don't know how to get a badge but I'm now on day 1.  Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  This group is awesome!  I relapsed after 100 days and found nothing but support understanding and encouragement here as I'm sure you will as well!
It's gonna be ok. You recognise the problem and you're starting again. It's a good thing IWNDWYT
Scrolling while taking a break from my AA homework. 2 years in the program with almost 9 months currently sober I still don't buy everything they say but you just can't beat community and accountability.  Realizing that my life doesn't have to be total shit for me to understand that I can't control it really helped me more forward. Sounds like you're on the right track keep going!
I have 3.5 days ish. Your post is my reminder of what would happen to me if I started drinking again. Kinda like the herion addict that gets clean and then shoots up thinking they can handle it and overdoses. ..Thank you for reminding me I cant moderate I can't control I can't socially drink. ..Just for today I will not drink with you ....or ever! ..Keep going strong. Start over and begin anew.
Sounds like that screw up solidified your true desire to finally quit for good.  That's awesome! Moderation doesn't work for me either. I'm an all or none kind of gal.  I'm choosing none!  IWNDWYT
