-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmm3n8/determined/

I posted previously about this but I felt this deserved a new post. My beloved 17 year old dog who I've had for over half my life is being put to sleep tomorrow. He got diagnosed with cancer February 2018 and wasn't supposed to make it a few months. 15 months later here he still is. Scrappy little fighter. So I am headed to my parents for 4 days to say goodbye and for Mother's Day. I will be very tempted to drink with my dad but my mom is sober and knows of my struggles. A few weeks ago I broke down and told her everything and how I wanted to stop. She was so happy. She gave me her Big Book showed me her coins and encouraged me to attend an AA meeting. I was good for a few days then relapsed hard. ..A week and half later here I am. Shaky and anxious from getting hammered last night after hearing about my pup. I am glad to be going home though because she will keep me on track. If I was at my apartment alone for the weekend I would be on a bender for sure. I want to be present with my buddy. I nursed one last drink at the train station restaurant and then that's it. Being near my mom will get me through those first few days which are the toughest. I want to make her proud. I want to make my pup proud. ..Thank you all for the kind words and support.
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry to hear about your pup.  Dogs take a part of your heart with them every time you lose one.  We have 3 right now and one is not going to see the end of the year...But you can do this OP...you can stop drinking!  You are stronger than you think.  Just do not give up on trying...do not let set backs relapses or anything else keep you from trying - and you will succeed!!!..Be strong OP.  Love your pup grieve for him and let your mom hold you accountable...Good luck OP.  I wish you all the best.  IWNDWYT.
Losing a dog is the same as losing a family member.   My heart is broken for you.   Remember to be the person that your dog thinks you are and stay sober!  You are lucky to have your Mom.  Take any advice she gives you.    
I had to put down my cat last year after 14 years. We were so bonded that my wife called the cat "your first wife." I was with the cat the whole time petting her and talking to her. It was tough but so glad I did that. No one really knows what animals can perceive in that process but glad I was there for her on the off chance she knew it. Hope you have the chance to do the same tho it will be hard on you. I am sorry.
I'm so sorry for your loss. ..Maybe it will help to remember how disappointed and down you'd be if you relapsed which only adds to the pain you're going through...?..Take care.
