-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmm8ls/sorry_for_this_negative_post/

I don't know what is wrong but my depression gets worse and worse. With the exception of a few happy moments it's pain only. I clung to the hope that it will get better with time but it doesn't. I messed up my life (no self-pity since it was all my own faults) I'm alone I'm trapped and I've not the courage the strength or the support to change something. Alcohol at least helped to dull my senses to ease the pain it shielded me against the world my OCD. I don't want to give up but my doubts get stronger if it's really worth it if there is hope. I don't think I'm preparing a relapse but even if I don't know if this would be worse than to continue like this. I don't know why I post this maybe just venting or looking for a little hope....
----------immediate responses--------

You can call me Hope if you wish tho I am 6'3" so would be BIG Hope not little Hope.  ; )..No need to apologize for negative posts in my view. This shit is HARD!  No concrete advice to offer but wanted you to know you connected with someone...Iwndwyt.
Don't apologize for this post.  We are here for you!   Have you tried therapy?  It helped me with depression.  I deal with depression but I chose to stop drinking partly because alcohol is a trigger for worse depression.  I hope you feel a little better fast.  Hugs!
No sorry needed. You stated some thoughts that run through my head much too often.  I put my past messes out of my mind; deal with them much later in sobriety. I have OCD and ADD as well as meds for depression.  This sobriety schtick is not easy; but the alternative to me is not nice.  And I have grown to embrace the clarity of thought the alertness and not feeling like a dumbass shit when I am with others and drunk.  Have hope. It is within us.
Hi OP..It took a while but when I finally got on the right medication - it worked wonders.  Don't give up.  Keep trying until you find whatever works for you...We're always here to lend a sympathetic ear...Kind Regards.  IWNDWYT.
Hi there!..Hang in there! I've only just started to have days when I don't feel down nevermind feel happy...Onward. The days you have are amazing. Just imagine. ..I think it's difficult to see it from here but everyday I'm one more day sober.
