-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmodp0/thinking_about_quitting/

This year my drinking has more and more obviously become a problem. It's every night it's at least a 6 pack. I sleep like shit. I struggle for energy at work...My girlfriend and I are on a time-boxed break for now where we aren't dating around. (Unrelated to drinking.) She doesn't mind my drinking. In fact no one really does. No one has told me to quit. But right now I have a lot of free time due to the break for self reflection. ..But man I'm starting to mind my addiction. I regularly tell myself "oh I won't drink tonight" at work. But 6pm rolls around and what's the first thing I want to do?..I can't choose not to. It's scary. The reality that I'm not in control of it anymore is setting in. I don't know what to do with my free time without a drink. But when I drink everything turns into a blur and nothing gets done. I'm wasting years away...Not really sure what the next step is. I'm going to discuss it with my general practitioner next week to get his perspective. Just found this subreddit. It's nice to know there's a place full of people with the same goal.
----------immediate responses--------

 But 6pm rolls around and what's the first thing I want to do? ..&amp;#x200B;..In the early days I absolutely had to make deliberate plans for after work. Any free time and I'd be right back to drinking...I started going to the gym regularly (got a personal trainer which helped)...Joined a few Meetup groups in my area and ended up meeting some nice people. Totally drinking unrelated...Used AA meetings for a time as distraction and something to fill time with...Got a timed lockbox that I could put cash and cards in for  day or two or whatever so there was no way I could actually buy booze...&amp;#x200B;..The main point here is I had to be very deliberate about this all...If I just left time open because whatever I was virtually guaranteed to start drinking...&amp;#x200B;..Over months I started getting into these new activities as my routine...I think the main thing is finding things to replace your drinking routine...Good luck!
Sounds exactly like me. Have been a 6-pack-a-night drinker for the majority of the past two years outside some periods of forced sobriety where I was just so broke I couldn't afford to drink...So many times in the last two years I've thought "I'm not going to drink tonight." But by the time I get home there's always a justification. Or "I'll have 3 tonight and 3 tomorrow." But once I finish that third beer I need a fourth. And a fifth. And... well there's only one left might as well have the sixth right?..Beyond that I don't know when to stop when I'm around others who are drinking...A few years ago I spent a few months sober and I actually felt great about it. But I found a justification to drink again so I did. Now the reasons to quit permanently are piling up in front of my face and here I am.
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. They exist because they work. If you find yourself unable to abstain even when you planned to it will probably only get worse. Good luck. IWNDWYT
