-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmrx5t/hey_guys_back_once_again_relapsed_and_ended_up/

This has been... a fucking week. Ignore my badge. (I don't know if it's even showing on this account though?) ..I started drinking again. I can moderate a few times but I will always at some point binge drink. Killed a bottle of wine and small bottle of whiskey. Blacked out but apparently fell out of my bed and hit my head really hard on the floor. Now my memory is fucked and i'm having bad brain fog nausea and head/ neck pain.  Didn't even know this HAPPENED until late last night and it occurred on Tuesday. I just thought I was having a crazy bad hangover...This isn't the first time i've injured myself while drunk. I'm 5 2 and 125 IB my blood alcohol level must have been off the charts. Im only 22 and my drinking seems to be rapidly getting worse every time I start and stop...To top it off I got offered a job I applied at when I was sober for a few days today. I took it but it's something completely different from what I'm doing now. Obviously having crippling anxiety about changing a huge part of my life while dealing with the devil that is alcohol. I HAVE to get my shit together. I mean REALLY.  Somehow it's still so hard for me to pull together a few days of sobriety. Doesn't help that my closest friend is a daily drinker. My SO however refuses to drink because of my problem so he is very supportive...I just want to speak my truth to someone out there who may understand this shit show i'm living. I don't have the courage to tell anyone I know in person other than my SO who has to see me blacked out acting reckless or as he puts it  it's like someone IS there but it isn't you  ..I'm tired of saying  I'll just have a 6 pack tonight that's pretty normal to consume in one sitting  even though I'm usually back at the store unless I woke up super hungover that day.  I really don't think it's normal. If anyone is with me tonight who understands what I'm going through thank you for listening and I'm walking this road along side you. Not drinking tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT!
Hope you're feeling better I know that path. Agee years ago I broke my elbow (my arm was completely separated in 2 pieces) because I fell off some stairs while really drunk. That was like 80km away from my house and nearest health center. ..2 surgeries later a lot of money and my arm can't function the same. ..But here we are trying our best. IWNDWYT.
My wake up call was breaking my collarbone and cheek bone :) so I totally get it. I'm also young (26) which I think carries its own struggles. I wish you all the best (and can I just point out how AMAZING it is that you have a supportive SO who won't drink because of your issues - that can be incredibly rare)
 It's like someone IS there but it isn't you . This is basically word-for-word what my husband said to me a couple of days ago. Tomorrow is day 2 for me. Good luck!
