-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmtp8j/100_days_and_a_painful_reminder/

100 Fucking Days. I feel a lot of pride for getting sober.  Hell I'm also just glad I'm still alive.  To celebrate I invited my family to a cookout at a local park.  ...As my mom pulled into the parking lot I could see that she left her trunk wide open whenever she made her last stop.  She didn't notice I guess.  She avoided me and my wife but greeted my toddler.  Eventually she gave me a hug and with teary eyes told me she was proud of me.  The scent of booze was heavy on her breath.  Plenty of wine evidently.  ...In my own life I guess I'm grateful for her awful example.  If I didn't understand the pain that comes from growing up with an alcoholic parent maybe I wouldn't have committed to getting sober.  Maybe I'd call myself a "problem drinker" or find 1000 other ways to rationalize and justify my ongoing substance abuse at the expense of my loved ones. Maybe I'd gas light and manipulate the people I hold dear until my time was done.  ...I can't control her decisions but I can control my own.  ...IWNDWYT.  ...I keep saying it's hard to have a bad day when you're still alive.  Every day sober I wake up and no matter what I face it's brighter than the darkness I found in alcohol.  I'm not freaking out about liver failure.  I don't wake up and race to the mirror to see if my eyes are yellow yet.  I'm not struggling with the depression that drinking brings.  I'm not struggling with the compounding self-hate that comes from feeding my addiction.  ...My daughter will never have any memory of my drinking.  As far as I know my maternal blood line we've got 100+ years of unbroken addiction - until 100 days ago.  Here's to 101.
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go!   Break the chain!
Congratulations on 100 days! That is awesome! Breaking the chain is too! IWNDWYT
That last paragraph made me cry. Good for you for breaking the cycle and keep up the great work! IWNDWYT
