-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bmyv4j/selfworth_and_drinking/

I am really struggling to find value in myself separate from any type of achievement or external metric. I have been going to therapy and it has helped some with my anxiety but I still feel like a trash person...&amp;#x200B;..Yesterday I just felt bad and down so I took myself to lunch and I had a beer. Then I got home and had wine then I went to a friend's house and had more beer.  I got home around 10 and my partner was understandably upset. We talked a lot and he said that I do things like this because I don't love myself and I self-sabotage because I don't feel like I'm worthy of being loved and I don't love myself. ..&amp;#x200B;..How do love yourself without basing it on achievement? And can I love and accept myself for who I am when I do stupid stuff like drink too much and hurt the people I care about?
----------immediate responses--------

We judge ourselves harshly.. Like we're either a good person or a bad person and we have to weigh the evidence. A better way for me to look at it is that I'm a "good-ish" person.. I try my best. I forgive myself and I understand failure is a part of life. ..Therapy and the book "Feeling Good" helped me learn about cognitive distortions/negative thinking patterns and learn how to break them down and rewrite them. I hope your therapist uses CBT and can teach you some of these methods they changed my life.
You are not a bad person! You too are of high value and worthy of being loved and live a good life. .My therapist said something really wise yesterday after I've been relapsing for 8 months:  to give in is not to give up  we fail and then we get back up. Just like alcohol dependency is a progressive disease so is treating it. It's not done overnight. I've met people who has been sober for years and still in the danger zone of falling off the wagon. .IWNDWYT
It won't happen overnight. Take baby steps. Make a list of goals to accomplish the next day when you wake up. They can be as small as making your bed in the morning or going on a 1 mile walk. Start small and set realistic goals for yourself every day. It really does help to write them down and cross them off as you finish them. You will have a sense of accomplishment. You can do this! We believe in you!
I really recommend therapy if it's possible at all for you. I struggled my whole life with feelings like this and just in the last 6 months my therapist has helped me tremendously. ..In the meantime the fact that you are on here asking this question says to me that you do care deeply about doing the right thing and the people you love.  Try and be kind to yourself -- I know it's hard but it will make it easier not to pick up that first drink next time.
When I'm drinking heavily I feel like such an utter disappointment to my family. My self esteem is so low that all I want to do is escape...which I do by drinking heavily...which causes me to feel worse...and so on and so forth. ..The good news is that it doesn't take very long being sober before my head clears and I start to feel hopeful again. My esteem starts to improve and I can see my way out of the shitty roundabout I've been stuck in. I sincerely hope the same happens for you. I believe it will. There's no way people like us can't help but feel better clean and sober...IWNDWYT
Whyy don't  you try not drinking for a few days and see if you feel any better?
I drank because I was mentally and physically addicted to alcohol.  My brain expected it and my conscious mind was overruled by my subconscious cravings to drink...When I reached the point where I knew I needed to stop drinking but didn't I started to hate myself to consider myself a worthless piece of shit.  The despair was key to me never giving up the fight to live alcohol free...We forgive ourselves for relapses and carry on.  Self-love is our automatic reward for each day we stay sober.
