-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bnp5yq/17_years_sober_today/

Made the best decision of my life 17 years ago today. No regrets. For anyone struggling there is hope. If this drunk was able to make it you can too.
----------immediate responses--------

...and just realized my day count is off by a year. Mods please fix? Lol
Wonderful !
So inspiring!
That is absolutely amazing congratulations! IWNDWYT!
Happy 17th sober circle around the sun!!
Congratulations. You give me hope. Thank you.
**High^Five for 17yrs /u/TheDanimal8888!**       
Awesome
  IWNDWYT
[deleted]
Wow!
Impressive! It can be done!  
Very impressive! People like you give me hope and inspiration that I can possibly stick with this for life.
Congrats!!! I love reading success stories like yours!! I'm on day 4 and I look forward to being where you are!      
You are an inspiration to me
That's a big damn deal. Congratulations.
Very well done. A huge milestone...Happy Birthday.           ..I drank for 17 years but I was sober a while when you put the bottle down. ..Thank you for sharing this. ..Your Friend John
that's amazing! I'm happy you were able to find this place! :)
Congratulations!  You're an inspiration to many  
Very happy for you! Happy Birthday and congratulations on all your hard work!
You're an inspiration!
Congratulations. Thanks for sharing with us. IWNDWYT
High five!
Congrats! IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your amazing life changing journey IWNDWYT
You do realize that the first 17 are a gift and that now the real work begins?
Wow! Thank you for the gold kind stranger!
Amazing!
Can I ask... how long were you drinking? and I am so happy for you
Congratulations!  I hope that one day i can say the same.  You offer inspiration.  Thank you.
Congratulations!
Nice work!
Just absolutely astoundingly amazing. Congratulations!!
That really is a life time for some of the new alcoholics that don't understand the misery that lyes in the journey ahead congratulations.   
Amazing truly inspiring.   IWNDWYT
Wow way to go!
Good for you. Iwndwyt
Congratulations!!!!
1 more year and your sobriety will be old enough to vote!  Congrats and keep it up!
Amazing!
Fukin yes
Congratulations on 17 years sober! Amazing!  
Congrats! Keep coming back!
That's amazing! You're sobriety is almost old enough to vote buy cigarettes and join the military. Careful though it'll be tried as an adult if it runs afoul of the law!
Happy Soberversary!
Congrats!
Awesome job! You are an inspiration
Amazing achievement!!! As someone at 4.5 months you are an incredible inspiration. Thank you for sharing and well done     
Congrats and continued success to you
You are such a great example. Lead on!
Congrats on the 17 years!!!
I won't drink with you today
Congrats bro.
Congratz on the 17 years!!!!
Congratulations on your continued sobriety
Congratulations
Wow. If you had a child then he/she would be a teen right now! How impressive! Congrats!
Is my day counter working?
Congratulations.  I am hoping that today my badge will say 1000.  I aim to make tomorrow too.
Good for all of you guys!
