-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bo80do/had_a_breakthrough_in_therapy_today/

Since I always mention this sub in my appointments I figured I'd share something that happened today in therapy. I'm curious if any of you can relate to this. My therapist and I were discussing how I deal with emotions and it occurred to me that certain feelings weren't allowed to be expressed in my family particularly sadness grief anger even extreme joy. We always locked ourselves in our rooms when we felt out of control. If one of us cried openly or exhibited any extreme behavior it "broke the unspoken rules". I would get so angry seeing either of my parents secretly cry and I still feel a tinge of discomfort when I see others upset or elated...Then I discovered alcohol. Nearly every time I drank I would cry even when I wasn't particularly sad. Sometimes I would look up sad things on YouTube just to *make* myself cry (Thanks Sarah McLachlan). It sounds fucking nuts but I used alcohol as a tool to evoke these emotions and allow myself to feel them though they were warped and numb with no real catharsis in the end. In the morning I would have little to no recollection of what happened my puffy eyes were the only indication that I let myself get to that place. This cycle repeated for years...I want to get over my fear of crying and feeling things and believe there's nothing wrong with it. I'm tired of distracting myself with people and things to avoid feeling what I've been holding back since I was a kid though I'm not sure what exactly it is that I'm keeping in. Does anyone else struggle with this? How do you cope? And how do you allow yourself opportunities to freely experience intense emotions without alcohol?..I love you guys by the way. Thank you for your support. I'm grateful for each and every one of you and so incredibly proud of you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this...Congratulations on that Great Palindrome!
My therapist gave me some ideas. I started my leaning into my feelings just sometimes sinking into sadness and letting myself cry. Sometimes I just dipped my toes into my feelings like I would a hot tub of water. Slowly but surely I learned that I could feel things and survive. I could cope.
Sounds about right and I have done the sad porn on Youtube thing myself...My family were great a good emotions and terrible at bad emotions like anger and sorrow. Now that I you mention it I am pretty prone to both of those when I have been hitting the sauce...Very cool and helpful observation. Thanks for sharing.
Interesting post. I think we can all get a lot out of exploring our childhood memories and observing how we react to what happened. ..I've noticed since stopping drinking a lot more memories have resurfaced from childhood - it's intense at times but it's helped me realise why I am the way I am...I've found exercise and meditation to be really useful in being able to experience but also not be overwhelmed by the feeling of emotion. For some reason meditation makes me more able to experience it without losing control and exercise makes me better able to hold a stressful situation or distressing thought in my mind.
Very interesting thanks for sharing.  I can relate.  Check out some articles on childhood emotional neglect.  It was kind of enlightening for me.
I play guitar to feel. I get so overwhelmed that I have to put it down. Still working on not doing that.
I learnt about this in a dharmapunx NYC podcast and realised I wasn't allowed to express anger as a child. In fact when I did both parents would withdraw all affection from me for days at a time never addressed what I was angry about and waited for me to "suck up" to them (be overly affectionate and sweet) before they would start parenting me again. When I drink I get VERY angry. But the anger comes in bursts and then gets squashed and I can't access it.   .Another interesting thing I learnt was during a psychiatry tutorial where the psych told us that the emotions that make us feel uncomfortable in others is what as suppressed in our early home life and that there's so much learning there. So next time someone else makes you feel very uncomfortable you look at what they're expressing and can learn something about yourself
