-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/boeh74/21_and_struggling/

longer post ..my relationship with alcohol throughout high school was zero zip nada. my parents were frequent bar-goers and their antics alone were enough to put me off to it from an early age; another story for a another time. i moved out at 19 and had my own apartment for a little over a year despite the fact that they were adamant about me staying and saving for money.  i just had to get away. ..while living on my own i had a kind neighbor sweet older lady who at some point began asking me for rides to the local liquor store because she didn't have a car of her own. i obliged a few times as the laws in my state changed around then and i could no longer buy myself cigarettes so she'd get her bottle and get me a pack. ..one time after getting back to the complex i just sort of spontaneously asked if i could have a swig or two so she poured me a glass. downed it. played video games the rest of my night and had a grand time. so subsequently each time i took her to the store afterward i would ask for a pint as well. ..long story short within that year my parents ended up quitting the sauce all together (yay them they're so much happier now) and i ended up moving home. it's funny how the tables turn because i used to hate their drinking habits ... and now i think they hate mine...what started as a pint every two or three days has slowly devolved into a fifth of vodka every single night and the effects of this are starting to wear on me. i'm nervous constantly..it's been about 5 months since it's gotten this way and it has taken a toll on my entire existence - but i can't seem to bring myself to stop...now that i am 21 has only made matters worse no more calling in favors and using a 3rd party - just pop in and pick up a bottle whenever i want. ..lately i've been going into work still running on fumes and around noon when i finally clear up i get all shaky and anxious. tongue tied as well my coworkers will talk to me and it feels like my ability to speak clearly and confidently just completely eludes me. it's fucking scary. i don't know where i'm going with all this. i just don't have anyone to confide in otherwise...i read this sub sometimes and it makes me feel like there is a better way a way that i lived and loved for 19 years before i started using alcohol. just need to get back there again. power to all of you. ..thanks for reading
----------immediate responses--------

Let's start off by not drinking today. ..I'm completely with you!.I'm 22 years of age and started binge drinking since I was 18/19. .Totally ruined my confidence and messed with my weight. .I'm still trying as well but I hope we can both get through this dark time. ..IWNDWYT!!!!!
[deleted]
Hey there. I find it really impressive that you're self-aware like this at 21. I'm 25 and finally coming to terms with the toll my drinking has taken. I think of myself at 21 and wish I could go back and lay out the consequences for myself to snap myself out of that naive haze. To question my drinking at all. It's lonely sometimes being a young adult in early sobriety. Know that you're not alone! Iwndwyt
