-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bohmga/9_months_today/

I suppose sobriety is my little baby right? I've been tending it and growing it and now I'm going to... pop? To be honest at this point things have slowed down a lot. Sobriety isn't on my mind all the time and I don't check in here as much as I probably should. I do all the things I used to do but I just don't drink - my friends and family have gotten used to it and so have I. There will be the occasional craving or the feeling of being left out but overall things are the easiest they've been so far. ..I'm trying to refocus on the positives and not forget the road that brought me here. It's too easy to become complacent. So here's my top three positives of sobriety:..1. My severe depression is virtually nonexistent. Sometimes I wake up feeling depressed and get scared that I'm slipping back into that dark place but I practice a ton of self care and .2. Consistently been going to the gym. Haven't lost any weight but haven't been trying either I'm just happy to be exercising a few days a week. .3. It's way easier. There's less stress. No mental gymnastics. More room in my brain for things that matter. ..If anyone is struggling in the first few days weeks or months I'm here to tell you that it's possible. I've gone from 1-2+ bottles of wine or a ton of a vodka to cranberry juices and lemonades - and I've done that for nine months! If I can do it anyone can. Grow that baby of your own!    
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations  And keep doing what you have been doing And never stop .iwndwyt
Hiya pug!  Congratulations on your baby sober pug buddy.  Yeah I read here to avoid complacency it's a constant daily reminder of where I came from the angst I no longer have the desperation I no longer live.  Lending a hand by offering an encouraging lift to those who don't know if it's going to be ok coming from that place helps.  Helps both of us.  The way I see it I am still two ends of the same stick.  I am focused toward the sobriety end through my awareness of the existence of the other end.  Anyhow enough philosophizing here's some balloons and confetti!     
Congrats. Agree that there is less stress except for those moments where I really need a drink. Also gym daily and down 50 lbs.  I still have bad anxiety attacks and I swear that is genetic and nothing I can do about it except some meds to make it not so frequent.
I recently hit 9 months too! Congratulations.  ..I have similar feelings and reflections  :)
