-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/borh2f/i_almost_made_it/

It's my day 1. I (25F) would usually be 3-4 glasses deep of Chardonnay at this time. 2-4th after my 6 year old went to bed at 7. ..Instead I've eaten chicken nuggets (it made me happy lol) ate some ice cream after dinner kept busy with my son then did laundry watched a couple episodes of Dead To Me. I'm doing alright!!!!! My boyfriend is in the other room (non-drinker) and completely unaware of my struggle. This feels good. I can do it. I'm going to have sober sex with him and then maybe watch another episode then go to bed and wake up completely happy. ..Iwndwyt. Hope you all are having a great night. I'm sure it won't be this easy tomorrow night(for me). We got this.
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent! You got this!
Positive thoughts to you! Honestly my second was even better than the first!
Yes you got this. ..I love dead to me! Just finished it like last week very interesting show. ..IWNDWYT
Send me pics of your sober sex? Sounds awesome
Waking up feeling good is so worth it! Awesome
YAYYYYYYYY  love that show too
legit evening activities! ;)
Rooting for you!! .IWNDWYT   
Yay! Good for you! Day by day! 99% of people don't know my struggle either but honestly this group is what inspires me everyday! You got this!
&gt;My boyfriend is in the other room (non-drinker) and completely unaware of my struggle...My wife had no idea how much I was drinking. I can guarantee you I would have given weeks ago in if I hadn't been honest and told her. Having a non-drinking partner there to keep you accountable will be immensely more effective than trying to go it alone.
The real accomplishment is not finishing dead to me in one sitting... that one was good too fast but I loved it. In all seriousness OP that's awesome. Do whatever you have to do to get through the rest of the day.
My man often works an evening shift 2-11pm and that used to be my drinking time- sad and lonely. The number of times he came home and I was wasted on the couch trying to dry the sheets ( yes really). Then waking at 4am heart racing terrified head pounding. only thinking about more booze for another brief oblivion.   .Now he comes home to a clean house and a happy healthy radiant me. We make love we sleep peacefully and tomorrow is another beautiful day..My sobriety is only 1 month strong but already my life is changing in ways I could not have imagined.
Together we can do this. 1 day at a time. ..Your Friend John.          
I am so happy these guys are getting laid! IWNDWUT
IWNDWYT
Keep trying you will get it. It takes alcoholics an average of 8 tries before they sober up permanently. Don't give up!
