-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bow76c/229_days_is_a_lie/

I'm not hiding it just never reset my badge last year since I started drinking again. Honestly only went 9 days and relapsed. It makes me so sad and frustrated seeing that number knowing how healthy I could be right now if I had stuck to it. Instead I convinced my wife during those 9 wonderful sober days that I could do it again anytime and went back to moderating. Then drinking everyday again. Then drinking more and more everyday. ..Last night hit me hard. I finally got back to blackout drunk. I was drunk by 5:30pm and passed out on the couch as soon as my wife got home. I woke up in my bed 3 hours later with no memory of how I got there or what happened in between. I got so depressed and I hate myself. My wife was supportive but I was having really bad thoughts of self harm and wanting to die. This shit is killing me. I have to try harder. ..With this depression and anxiety it's so hard for me to believe I can.
----------immediate responses--------

I needed the support of other people that understand me. I needed that support face to face. I personally don't care what group that is. I use AA. But it was what gave me the foundation I needed in my sobriety. Good luck and hang in there.
The desire to stop is huge. Your being here on this subreddit is awesome. You deserve to give yourself credit for where you are at. Truly you are doing well compared to if you were in complete denial about drinking doing damage. I suspect you are much closer to finding peaceful sobriety then you think.
The good news is you can start over right now.  I'm speaking from experience.  You can do this
It took me the better part of 3 years to actually stop drinking after I realized and accepted that I had problem.  Black out drunk several times per week for 3 years.  Then one day I stumbled upon this subreddit and a switch flipped for me.  That was about 6 months ago.  You can do this...IWNDWYT
Good luck
Depression and anxiety was a direct result of my drinking.  And when it reached the point where I wanted to end it all I knew it was time for me to get my shit together and fight.  It's been a hard fight and it hasn't been a straight path but my golden rule has been to never give up...You absolutely can do this.
You can start over IWNDWYT
So far in the last few years I think 5 days is the longest I've gone.  .It's not black out drinking when I do drink. I seem to have gotten past that at least.  .Still so much wasted time and opportunity like you said.
[removed]
Glad you're here.  Sorry to hear about your struggle...&gt;I have to try harder...I was caught in that cycle for quite a while...Then I discovered it wasn't about "trying harder" it was about doing something *different* from what I had been "trying"...I spoke to a counselor.  That was helpful.  She recommended free recovery meetings.  I went and found people who understood what I was experiencing.  Instead of judging me they embraced me.  ..I got tools and support to stop.  ..Tried free recovery meetings?
Don't waste the desire to quit.  We both know it's not always there so seize it while you can.  ...I wanted to be dead 6 months ago.  Now I'm as happy as I've ever been.  Quitting alcohol may not cure your anxiety or depression but it definitely can't hurt.
I've been there myself.  I'll say that I had a supportive wife until I didn't (one too many times blackout drunk).  After years of trying I finally did outpatient rehab.  Best decision I ever made.  I know it can be hard to commit to and sometimes life doesn't allow it but if you can I would highly recommend it.   My $0.02.
are you me?
It's ok. Reset that badge! Go share your experience at a meeting! You might be surprised at how many people you meet have gone through the same( or worse) AA saved my life. I spent years bullshiting myself in trying to be a functional addict/alcoholic. Most of us figure out early.. There's no such thing as a moderate drinking alcoholic.. Some decide they want to try some more controlled drinking. Let this be your bottom. Stop digging. Either way IWNDWYT
You did not lose the 229 days. Focus on that. You can get back to that.
I also was also so depressed and anxious that I was becoming danger to  myself. The anxiety was a symptom of drinking alcohol every day.  after I was sober for a couple of weeks the depression self loathing and anxiety went away. The possibility of those feelings coming back are what's keeping me sober today. Keep trying if we fail begin again. It is so worth it!
Alcohol convinces us it is the only solution for the very problems it causes. ..IWNDWYT
Welcome back!  You can do this and I will be rooting for you.
I know exactly how you feel. One day at a time man. Last night I ran to the store for sparkling water some crazy new Coke flavor and caved for a Twix. And it gets easier but it's the relapse and thinking we can control it that we just gotta avoid cuz we can't! IWNDWYT
I had the same feeling looking at my badge when I posted again. I could have been at 81. But I'm at 2.
Alcohol sucks it just harms everything.
I still believe in you! You've started from  zero  days before but you now understand the feelings you have after relapse. I know that self blame super well and it's not an easy thing to get over. ..You gotta find a better activity or passion to focus on when you feel that depression cycle creeping up. Every time you feel screwed up try to take a moment and focus on that activity/ passion for a bit until you center a bit more...You'll start to activate different neurons in your brain and stuff. The part of your brain that craves alcohol will receive less input and as those pathways begin to fade you'll think about alcohol less and less...It's going to be hard at this low point but you will be right back on track soon. ..Now with a wider base of experience   
IWNDWYT
Thank you everyone. Seriously the best group for support I have ever experienced. ..I drank today. Less than yesterday but still drank.
