-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bp51eb/struggling_with_the_decision_to_quit_trigger/

I'm on mobile. I hope this post isn't fucked because of that. ..TLDR; I have a drinking problem but am struggling to accept it and take the plunge into stopping. ..Drinking is a big thing in my state and especially in my college city where I live. I (23F) am in college...I started drinking (socially and occasionally) when I was 15. Until I was 17 my friends and I were still totally capable of having fun without drinking so it wasn't an every week thing. Once I turned 17 I started sneaking into the clubs and bars going to college parties bc my boyfriend was in college even though I was still in high school and drinking even when just hanging out with a small group of friends. From the time I started drinking until I was 21 if I drank I blacked out. I'm a dangerous drunk. I'm a lightweight and I black out very easily. You can't tell when I'm blacked out but mentally I'm gone. My friends never know when I hit that point. There are hundreds of nights and thousands of hours that are just gone. I wake up and ask  okay so what happened last night  ..I have fallen face first into bar tops fallen asleep at tables in clubs slept outside of clubs run away from my friends for hours when I'm blacked out so who knows what happened and been sexually assaulted while too drunk to even say no.  ..But I'm a happy drunk so no one has ever cared that I binge. ..We drink and drive. We drink and go to the movies. We drink and play putt-putt. We drink and do everything. .I always said I hate alcohol. I never enjoyed the taste or anything but I drank to get drunk. Now I enjoy some draft beers. ..My father killed himself in May of 2017 and I drank my way though that summer until I lost my Nana early August 2017. My father was an alcoholic and so is my step dad who is the man that raised me. Thankfully he is recovered. ..I've dealt with depression suicidal thoughts self harm and I struggle with food addiction with a tendency to binge and purge. All of these things seem conquerable to me or are things that I have conquered but when I think about quitting drinking I get scared. I'm afraid to miss the alcohol. I'm afraid of the backlash I will get from my (unhealthy) best friend who is moving away in a few months anyway. I'm afraid that I will miss out on things just because I don't drink. I'm introverted and drinking pushes me to go out and speak to people which is exhausting but is something that I'll not do and I'll find myself without friends. Most of all I am afraid to tell my mother who is a clinical director of a rehabilitation center. ..Fast forward to now. I no longer black out every single time I drink. Last time I did was actually July 13 because I woke up to my friends telling me about the fucked shit I did on my ex's (boyfriend at the time) birthday which included throwing up in the middle of the street full of bars that I frequent. ...Now I either get fucked up with my friends while following drink deals around town or I just go and sit in bars alone and drink my six pints max and I drive my stupid ass home and wake up wishing I had gone to the gym again. I grew up an athlete and now I struggle to get myself into the gym and workout which is one of my true loves. I'm an awesome runner and now I don't even do that. ...I do not want to drink anymore. Sometimes I will tell myself I don't want to drink tonight and then find myself in my car on the way to the bar. ..I waste so much money and I can always have been doing something more productive. When I started this post I was going to ask this sub if you guys thought I had a problem but after typing out what really isn't even all of it I realized that I absolutely do. ...I am afraid to quit. Maybe because I don't want to admit that I have a problem because then it has to be dealt with. Idk. But I do have a problem. I don't want to drink the way I do anymore but I still find myself drinking. That's fucked. It's fucked that my friend and I had a conversation last night saying  we're waiting for something fucked up to happen as a result of our drinking.  I have so much potential and I have so many things I would like to accomplish. I don't want to waste my life because I am choosing an addiction over my life. ..I know that stopping just means no longer doing it but I'm afraid and still feel like I don't know how. ...This is a long rambling post. It's the first time I've ever really addressed this problem. Thank you to anyone who has read this.
----------immediate responses--------

That's always the struggle. Coming out and admitting it to ourselves and committing that something must be done or keep on with the craziness until we end up dead or in  an institution of some kind.  Tell me about it I played the game for 30 years.  I can tell you that when you're ready there is a positive hopeful healthy fitness focused and happy life available if you're willing to work for it...IWNDWYT
What kinds of ideas do you have for quitting alcohol?  ..It sounds like talking to a medical professional about your options for safely stopping drinking would be a good place to start. ..I hope you'll continue posting here about your experiences and plans for yourself. ..Good luck!!!..IWNDWYT = I will not-drink with you today
I know the feeling . . . And I am 25 I didn't know I had a problem til I tried quitting most of my times drinking I wouldn't black out but then it got to the point almost everytime I did
Hi. You're welcome. ..The things I'm using now: reading here daily and doing the pledge check in here; read This Naked Mind; use the I Am Sober app. ..What hobbies did you used to enjoy. ..Many many people don't drink at all. More than you probably think. Being sober is not an anomaly. Also if you don't like the word  sober  you can say  non drinker ...There are many ways to describe this to other people if you feel you have to.  I'm taking a break from alcohol.  Is one.  I just don't enjoy it anymore.  Is another.  I just don't like the taste.  ..There are support groups for people who lost loved ones to suicide. As well as for victims of assault. ..IWNDWYT
[removed]
