-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpfzav/my_husband_and_i_are_11_days_sober/

My husband and I have decided to quit drinking. Again. This time feels a little different though and that's because he was beginning to feel symptoms of alcohol withdrawal every day before coming home from work and hitting the bottle again.  He wasn't sure it was withdrawal. Instead he was paranoia that his liver was screwed up. He went to the doctor about it (which was humiliating for him). His liver is fine but the scare (and the fear of God the doctor put into him) made him stop drinking altogether. He wants to do this "for real" this time and I'm 100% ready too. Finally I can say that. Today is our 11th day without alcohol and I'm already seeing how life can be better without it. I still miss certain aspects of being drunk but the ability to make use of more of my day has more than made up for that. I've started exercising again (it's taking me an hour to go 3 miles but it's a start). I'm still struggling to get some semblance of routine going so that I *can* be productive but I'm going to keep trying to improve on my productivity day by day.  I'm tired of being overweight tired and unmotivated (along with a messy house). I'm hoping that getting scared of our health was a kick we both needed to finally put an end to our drinking. We're only in our thirties and I hope we both have a long life ahead of us!
----------immediate responses--------

good shit
My boyfriend and I quit together 174 days ago. It has been amazing! Please stick with it. I continue to tell.Myself this every day.  It was a trip the first few weeks. I live in happy hour land where there a sunny tiki bars everywhere.  I remind myself to use the paddle boards.  My boyfriend and I are each other's cheer leaders.. I have lost 35 pounds. Quit my toxic job.  Regained  my love of yoga that I was way too busy to do when I was drinking. Between the two of us we have saved over 6k by cleaning up our act.. This is so worth it! Best to you and your husband!!!
This is a great post.  Congrats!  IWNDWYT
So cool! My husband and I are on day 15 no alcohol. Iwndwyt.   
Well done x..IWNDWYT.
Mine and I are on day 3. Wish us luck! I have the worse problem unfortunately. He drinks about as much but he's a big dude so he doesn't have blackouts like me. :-(
My husband and I are coming up on a year sober together! It makes it easier for us to deal with everything since we're doing it together. So many people seem skeptical about getting and staying sober with your partner but it is possible; it is also gratifying. We both struggled with addiction for twenty years each and getting sober together has brought us closer and we have accomplished so much in only a year. I'm excited to see what our sober future brings.
I'm so happy for y'all!
My husband sobered up about 8 months before I did but we now have six and five years sober together. There have been a lot of positive changes but also some struggles -- even some stuff that didn't really emerge until we had both been sober for several years. It's kind of like our relationship was a third person with an addiction and we need to work on that in the same way we worked on ourselves in early recovery...I did find it useful to have a group of recovery-minded folks outside of my husband. I am sure my husband was grateful for the same support as it took me several tries to stay sober initially which was rough on his own sobriety. Neither of you have to struggle and some couples do great right off the bat but statistically 1 year recovery rates aren't super great. :/
Congrats! I'm doing the same with my GF but with weed and the drink. Isn't it nice to have a buddy to do this with? We are in to our 5th week and both feeling better than we have in a long long time. ..Keep it going and again congrats.
This post is awesome! I know of so many relationships where people are stuck in vicious cycles with alcohol (I've had a few) so it's so uplifting to read this and the other stories in the comments. Good luck!
"Feels a little different" is always concerning when I hear it. Make it different. Put in some effort and you got it. It's entirely possible that both of you get sober but the only thing you can do is hold up your end of the bargain. Stick around and we'll all not drink today together.
That's awesome!   When I got sober my wife did it with me.  She didn't have a problem but she's stuck with it anyways.  She had one drink since then and hated it.  It has made us so much closer and the fights have stopped.
It's great you support each other's sobriety. Well done!
I don't see as many couples doing it as I do singles. Sounds like a great plan. Best of luck to the both of you.  Keep it going!
Drinking BAD!
It's my boyfriend and i's 10th day and we feel great too! Keep up the great work! IWNDWYT!
The benefits of sobriety you mentioned are so true. My husband hasn't quit completely but definitely cut back a lot because of me and we do so many more activities together because we physically and mentally can. And we argue way less. And I don't pass out after sex :)
I'm sober since September 11!! I was forced by my life falling apart around me to quit. I choose every day to be a better mom a better wife and a better me without alcohol as a driving force. I have severe anxieties so drinking was my social lubricant and those situations can be the toughest (for me at least). Especially when people that know me as the beer connoisseur and notice I'm without a drink. It's been awkward at times but I'm really feeling empowered and so can you! Look up The Alcohol Experiment. It helped me to read about the multitude of affects alcohol has and it's a helpful tool. I wish you all the luck!! You got this!!
Your story has an awesome start. Can't wait to hear more some day. IWNDWYT.
Congrats! IWNDWYT!
Keep going strong! Happy for you both!
I love this!
Very well done. What a huge achievement.  I hope 1 day at a time we can share many more happy sober days together. ..Your Friend John.          
My spouse and I quit together almost 9 months ago. Best decision we've ever made and both of us had previously struggled trying to do it alone at different times. Each day is better than the last and we are so much more mindful and present in our relationship. Good luck to you both! We will not drink with y'all today!
My fianc  and I quit almost two months ago and have had a marked improvement on our lives. There are some hard days ahead paired with some really fantastic days and even more of the good ones
Congratulations! My husband and I quit together over a year ago and after the first few months I can say that our lives and relationship has never been healthier! Best of luck!
I am at 5 days and my husband is at 3. We have been doing great. I'm glad that there are people out there that quit together. Gives me hope for us. Congrats!
Great job. Good for you...Let me make a weird suggestion: Try a Ketogenic diet and see if it helps.  I think it will...I'm a Critical Care Registered Nurse. I work in an open heart ICU.  I take care of cardiac patients many of whom are drinkers.  I'm really interested in helping people get clean and sober...Lots of drinkers get a terrible sweet tooth after they get sober. Excessive carbs releases the neurotransmitter GABA just like alcohol does.  My hypothesis is that a keto diet will help people trying to get sober...Let me clarify I'm not a doctor and I am not prescribing anything. I just have made a few observations and I want to help.  Best wishes.
Good on you both! Nice to have an accountability partner who takes this journey with you. IWNDWYT
Me and my husband got clean and sober together. We celebrate FOUR years in September. It's awesome having a best friend who you can talk about the ups and downs of sober living with.
Way to go!
Yo congratulations must be so great to be able to do something like that with the one you love. Best of luck to you both keep each other strong!
It's great that you have someone else with you on the same journey. Good support system  .
This is BEAUTIFUL!
This is cute as hell. As a single man keep doing what you both are doing! Entertain each other. Interaction will overpower addiction for the most part. I brought up the fact that I am single because the road is bumpy and I want to make sure a future partner of mine is ready for the ride ahead. Or at least I am. Scary stuff. Stay strong Please.
Congrats OP and husband! IWNDWYT
Congrats! IWNDWYT!
