-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bphbjh/havent_had_a_drink_in_2_weeks/

after probably 10 or so years of finishing off every night with a half pint to a pint of vodka. And its easier than I could have imagined! Which is kinda the crux of the issue. To be honest quitting being so easy is absolutely terrifying me... I kinda want this to be hard something I have to struggle through earn and remember. At the moment I cant tell if my will has grown so strong that its making this such an easy process or if a week from now my mind will be tricked into believing "Ehh. Whats the big deal? You can have a drink it was so easy to quit before what's one drink gonna do??"..Not sure what to think guess I have to take it day by day and do my best to make sure I never touch that shit again. Anyone else go through this type of thought process while quitting? Any words of advice?..First time poster so I cant really remember your slogan. Lol. I think its "I will not drink with you tonight!"
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing!! Just checking back in here (and answering posts like this with anything positive I can think of..) helps SO MUCH.  ..Welcome aboard! IWNDWYT!
Well uoi kept it to 4-8 drinks per night.  That's problem drinking for certain!  But as you seem to feel it's easier than you thought consider how it'd be if you were at 8-12 drinks/night.  Not comparing your drinking to others!  I'm saying most folks ramp up over time it seems and you may have nipped this in the bud before it went from bad to OMG nuclear bomb bad.  ..Me I was never an every night guy.  After my divorce I started to binge and binge big.  After my last 7 day bender going asleep drunk as a skunk waking up and drinking within an hour to kill the hangover and if course get drunk for the rest if the day.  I did have withdrawal shakes cold sweats and insomnia.  It sounds like you're avoiding that and that's a good thing!!!!..Good on you!!!!!!  Wishing you huge  success you got this!!!
Keep up the good work!
