-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bphk1b/is_a_bottle_of_wine_a_night_so_bad/

I'm struggling to bust through my denial.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not the quantity. It's the effect.
Simple answer. Yes. If you are a man it's 2 - 3 servings more than what some studies consider safe. If you are a women it's 3 - 4. Most people without a tolerance would be drunk after a bottle of wine. Break through your denial and join us in not drinking today!
I feel that it isn't. I really enjoy it (minus the head fog the next day). But we are both in this group so i think that's very telling...
I vote yes. During my wine phase that lasted several years I drank a 3 or 5 liter box of very cheap but strong 12.5% in a couple days.
It's all relative really. Is a six-pack per night so bad?..In a lot of ways maybe not. But if I'm doing it absolutely every night tell myself that I'm going to stop one day and then really struggle with cravings and can't sleep because I didn't drink... Also though the average might be a six-pack per night... how long will that last? Do I eventually reach a time where 6 just isn't enough and I need more? Do I start spending money I don't have just to satisfy the craving? Do I sometimes get completely carried away and black out and treat my girlfriend like shit?..In my case the denial was there for a very long time. Then things started stacking up and suddenly it made sense -- yeah I drink entirely too much. Does that mean I can never ever moderate it? I'm not sure. I just know that for now it's not wise for me to keep it up.
The latest studies have concluded that there is no safe level of alcohol consumption.....In the UK where I'm from the 'low risk' drinking guidelines are that men and women should not regularly exceed **14 units per week**.....A bottle of wine is 10 units so a bottle of wine a night is 70 units a week or 5 times the recommended 'low risk' amount to put it in perspective.....I used to sneer at those guidelines and wonder why anyone would bother to drink at all if they were going to drink that little 14 units was pretty much a quiet night in... turns out those guidelines exist for a very good reason!..I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..Hope that helps!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
what happens when you don't have one? or when you have only half? does it make you uncomfortable? can you stop at half? ..do you think you should stop?
What amount of poison crosses the threshold to "bad"?
I think if you are asking here you know the answer!  Wine goes down so easy and when spread out over 4-5 hours it doesn't feel like drinking but it's a slippery slope and easy to become very dependant on.  Then a bottle becomes 1.5 or even 2.  It's good you recognize that you might have an issue and I wish you the best!
It's not super bad but it depends on the size of the bottle. Most here are 750ml which equates to around 5 standard drinks. It's definitely binge level for both males and females.
If you're worried about it it's a problem.
Its relative and entirely based on your own subjective experience. For me a bottle of wine a night is absolutely nothing and I wouldve considered myself "sober" if thats all I was drinking during my active alcoholic period but for other people that one bottle a night habit might be their total undoing and what sets their life spiralling out of control. We can't decide how much is good or bad for you. Thats your call.
It was for me. That is when I decided to quit.
(This is coming from a place of no judgment - I drink at least a bottle a day when I'm drinking) yes it is. It is directly toxic to your heart. It raises your blood pressure and damages your arteries which will eventually lead to stroke. It vastly increases your chances of getting a number of cancers (breast ovary bowel oesophageal liver to name a few) it reduces your immune function it speeds up the development of osteoporosis it damages your mammillary bodies and will eventually lead to permanent brain damage it damages your gut so you can't absorb nutrients and many other things. A bottle of wine a day is absolutely so bad.
It was for me. And boy I could down a bottle fast. It quickly grew to two bottles at least 3 days a week. Just thinking about it is headache inducing.
What's the dialogue in your head when you're planning/buying/opening/halfway/finished with the bottle?..I usually didn't feel physically bad but the worst thing for me was the cognitive dissonance the conversation I was having with myself every step of the way to make it seem ok. Maintaining denial was exhausting and there was so much in my life that wasn't right but I just let it be because I had to maintain all the structures surrounding the thing I didn't want to face (a bottle of red for a night at home no holds barred for a night out).  It was like leading a double life playing both the parts. Doing this every day? I would argue yeah really bad...And I can say that not having to argue with myself or tell myself stories or make promises I KNOW I can't keep or come up with rituals I KNOW mean nothing wow I have time and a clear head and can make the changes I wasn't letting myself make. Losing 15 lbs without lifting a finger hasn't been bad either.
