-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpigcd/im_so_disappointed_in_myself/

I constantly relapse and only come here on bad days. I realize that sobriety needs work not just something you say you're gonna do. Really hungover regretting my choices and wondering why I can't string more than 3 days together without getting blackout. Reading all your stories gives me hope. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

I have issues myself with constant relapse. Today is day one agian for me. I sometimes feel hopeless. But I try to remember there isnt anything I have just been able to do. It took time to learn to read and to learn to write and ride a bike. Learning takes time and I can learn how to stay sober.
I'm glad that I'm not the only person that struggles with this.  I hope you find comfort in that too.  I think you're really brave to speak up.  Keep trying.  I'll keep trying too.  IWNDWYT.
Been in the same boat this whole year. Just finished reading The Naked Mind by Annie Grace. It has been an amazing help in shifting my mind and understanding my addiction. Be gentle with yourself and just try to focus on moving forward positively.
The inventory in the Refuge Recovery book was a big wake up call for me on what it would take for me to "get serious" about my recovery. I think honestly looking at the pain and damage I was experiencing and also inflicting on others put a lot into perspective for me.
I have been there!  Finally I made a plan and entered an outpatient treatment program.  I could not do it on my own.  Every time I quit my relapse would trigger me drinking even more.  The headaches go worse.  I decided to get help.  I made sobriety my number one priority.
You are not alone in this.  I've been there a bunch of times.  Hang in there and never quit quitting.  IWNDWYT
Maybe come here on good days too. It will remind you about recovery the brain plays tricks when we are venerable.
Come here on the good days too. It will help especially in the early goings.  Even if you just read posts.
Yea I hear that it took me a long time before I started sticking to my good-for-me habit and made it part of my every day routine (yoga for me). Glad you're still here though hopefully we will see you here on day 4 :)
For me personally it helped a LOT to get past those first couple days...When you have less than 7 days you are still DIRECTLY under the control of alcohol...Don't get me wrong the Cravings will last longer than 10 days. But in the first few days they are insane.
