-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpknz6/day_41_how_do_you_guys_deal_with_feeling_left_out/

It's day 41 of sobriety. I wasn't a daily drinker but I drank heavily at least a few times a week. I became a destructive evil person and lost almost all of my friends and came within a hairs width of losing my SO. There's no such thing as 'one drink' for me. And that's ok. But sometimes I feel this sadness...I never hung out with 'hard drinkers' my SO is such a balanced person who has never struggled with misusing alcohol. I hope this isn't me being 'self-pitying' but we are long distance. Tonight he is flying out to his friend's wedding they are going to have a wonderful pool party and of course lots of celebratory drinks. ..I feel hurt and sad that I'll never be able to partake in those things with him or that he will always be able to get drunk or just have drinks  that we will never be able to enjoy ourselves together in a context like that. Drinking is of course not an important part of our relationship but to deny these feelings exist in my heart would just be me lying to myself...I'm mostly okay with not participating but nights like these I feel a sadness and like a ..&amp;#x200B;..\- why can they do it but I can't?..&amp;#x200B;.. I've never been able to drink 'normally' or drink in a way that didn't damage myself and those around me. At 26 I've learned I'm just incapable of it and I probably never will be able to.  Also I will never risk 'finding that out' because to me I am only ever 'one drink away' from losing my love and the progress I've made in my life...&amp;#x200B;..Do you guys relate?
----------immediate responses--------

Left out of what?  Lies being broke stupid shit that gets you in the hospital or jail getting fired (for good reasons) waking up naked with a stranger?   ..Then there are the hangovers the puke the shits....
[removed]
I understand what you're saying not in the context of a romantic relationship but in the context of the shared experience among friends bonding over drinks. I feel left out of situations now too.  My best guess is that shared experiences outside of drinking are more real and true and that we just need to begin thinking of it in these terms.  ..I have no answers but know that there's someone out there who feels a little sad about this too.
You can still have the experience but your version of it will actually be more enjoyable because you'll be more aware of it. I know it feels like you're missing out because you're not drinking but they're missing out because they are.
I understand completely.  In fact all these years later nothing pisses me off more than  people having fun and enjoying alcohol responsibly.  So I don't do it.  Not picnics at the lake with coworkers or outdoor festivals.  There is nothing attractive about the falling down drunk to me.  But the whole social merriment fucks me up every time.  I grieved alcohol for a long time after I got sober.  There was this period of time after I stopped drinking and hanging out with hardcore drinkers  and before I made new friends and found actual hobbies that was incredibly lonely and sad.  I am happy to say that it completely passed.  Yes I lost my privilege to celebrate with alcohol but then I never really celebrated...  I drank till I puked so I could drink some more taking as many hostages along the way as possible.   42 days feels like forever... and in fact it is!!!!!  That's hundreds of decisions not to drink.  Congratulations.  I was told not to project what might come down the road in terms of my life and my relationships and work on myself so I could be at home in my own skin.  Damn if they weren't right about that.  Hang in there friend.  You can do this.
I felt left out at the beginning. Now I am comfortable hanging out with myself. What helped me was getting off Facebook and Instagram.  Not knowing what everyone is up to is liberating.
Congratulations to you! I only made that connection at the age of 45. But abstaining has been the best decision I have ever made and I know that you will experience the wonder of sobriety too! Keep going. You've got this. Onwards and upwards!
