-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpoya2/my_goal_for_todayhow_can_i_know_how_awful_alcohol/

First off my goal for today is to not drink. Seems straightforward and easy enough. If I get through today it'll get me through the weekend as I won't have easy access to alcohol over the weekend. And getting through the weekend means it'll be easier to make it through the week (having a few sober days under my belt is like wearing a super hero cape- the villainous Alcohol isn't able to catch me so quickly when I'm wearing that cape) and getting through that week means that there's no probably getting through the next weekend because even though it's a holiday weekend I've got limited/no easy access to alcohol and I'll still be wearing my X number of days sober super hero cape. So that will be about 11 sober days. Which means I can easily get to 12 days and beyond ... but I have to accomplish my goal of not drinking today. ..So I'm not going to drink today even though I'm off work and have amazingly easy access to alcohol. I'm not going to drink. ..But I've been struggling. I know all the lies alcohol tells me. Alcohol has been explained. My naked mind had been exposed. I know why I can't drink like everyone else. ..I understand the true nature of it. And I don't want it. I want health and correct brain chemistry and good sleep and clearness of thought. So why do I get a small chunk of sober days and then toss them out? Habit? A death wish? No access to other forms of anesthesia? ..I'm not opposed to hard work. In fact I typically thrive under the pressure of hard work but I can't seem to get a lasting foothold. ..If it were just me I'd cast it out of the house but it's not just me. I am one half of a domestic unit and the other half wants to drink today and most other days. It's not for me to tell the other half of my domestic unit to stop because I'm stopping. ..I don't eat fast good because I ceased seeing it as food nearly twenty years ago. Why is it harder to cease seeing alcohol as a good time/easy medicine/something desirable?..Anyway. I'm not going to drink today because I'm setting myself up for the string of eleven days. ..Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

I think I'm at the point where I just despise alcohol. How many lives it's ruined and how many people it's killed. It's literally poison. Our bodies were not meant to ingest it. Try and reframe your thinking that way. IWDWYT! :)
You're not choosing it now!  That's the good part  
Hi there I'm also a non drinking half of a domestic unit where the other half drinks most days. It's not easy for sure it can add an extra level of difficulty to something that's already hard on it's own. My husband's drink of choice was never the first thing I would want to drink but there were plenty of times I would drink it if I had run out of my own. Once I quit drinking I looked at his bottle as absolutely off limits it's not mine to drink and it would be a violation of his property to do so. I also looked at his choice to drink as nothing to do with me just because he's drinking does not mean I should drink also. The more time sober I got the little bit of jealousy I had when he drank turned into annoyance and sometimes outright disgust I don't want to drink and I don't want to be around drunk people. I find it helpful to leave the situation when he's really into it either keeping myself busy around other rooms of the house or leaving the house all together. It's not ideal by any means but it keeps me sane and sober...You've made the choice to not drink today and that's awesome! Do you have any plans for your day off today?
IWNDWYT
