-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bpwwex/rock_bottom/

is when you stop digging. I really appreciate this phrase. Some sick part of my brain thought (and kinda still thinks) that I have to reach the gates of Hell before I'll wake up and make a change. I mean I have been living in my own self created hell but I'm ready to stop digging. ..I know I've posted on here before about being done and relapsing and all that jazz. And guess what here's another one. But this time this time it's gotten bad enough that I'm not going to just brush it off and go back to how it was two/three/four days later. It has to change my mental health and thusly my life depends on it. ..Wednesday night I got home late from work at 11p or so. And for whatever reason (constant mental turmoil probably the usual) I reached for the vodka. What started out as a chill after work drink turned into a ton of drinks turned into a food binge turned into a crazy line of texts to my boss (also a good friend but yikes) turned into wallowing in the past turned into 2am self harming turned into me waking up on my kitchen floor with pools of blood around turned into blowing off all my commitments (including therapy) that Thurs and sleeping the hangover and depression and anxiety off. ..Holy. Shit. I really went off the rails. I drank probably half of the 1.75L bottle of shit vodka. I don't know how I didn't add alcohol poisoning to that list. Mixing my meds and booze isn't exactly the best idea surely not that amount. ..I had an appointment with my psych today. Just by chance it was today but good timing. We're switching up meds to hopefully get my head on track. I know my mental health decline contributes to my excessive consumption and I know my booze binges contribute to my shit mental health. Fuck that cycle! ..I'm cautiously optimistic about this change. Seems to make a difference in the short term then tapers odd and then I get demoralized and well here we are. But you know what I dumped the rest of that fucking bottle down the drain! I never do that. It's wasteful yeah. But I thought to myself waste the booze or waste the life? Duh. Bye bye booze. ..I reconnected with a friend who is rooting for me and who's company I enjoy. I'm trying to find energy for family. I'm recommitting to counselling. I'm going to read the 30 Day Alcohol experiment. I'm going to try and take care of myself. I deserve better. I deserve self love. ..So here I am. Any advice is appreciated. Still toying with the A.A. idea. We have very few meetings here with amorphous labels for what their focus is which makes me uncertain. But it's free therapy. Maybe I need to just listen and maybe talk. I've had decent experiences before. I'm just worried my resolve will falter again and maybe I don't want to be a failure to them too.
----------immediate responses--------

All I can say is that I so hear you and good for you setting things in place to make the changes you need to. IWNDWYT
Hi there! I'm also a fan of the concept of  your bottom is where you stop digging.  It tells me that I don't have to wait for things to get worse before I get help and quit but it also tells me that things can *always* get worse. I can always reach a lower bottom. I can always go back out and experience more consequences that I haven't experienced yet...It also has taken me multiple attempts to get sober. I've learned a lot from my relapses. One of the big things that I've learned is that I *always* have another relapse in me. No matter how good in my sobriety I feel if I quit working on my sobriety I still have the potential to start thinking that alcohol is the solution for how I'm feeling. I've learned that sobriety is a lifelong project for me...I've learned that I can't guarantee if and when I will ever make it back from a relapse. I've also learned that I need to be willing to do more to support my sobriety this time around than I was the last time because if what I was willing to do the last time was going to be enough to keep me sober it would have worked the last time. ..I've found AA really helpful for me. It has taken me a while to get here. I did not want to go to AA (does anybody?!) and it took me some time of halfway participating to get to the point where I was really willing and ready to fully commit to being a part of it. AA is widely available and it's basically free and I think it's worth while checking it out to see what it's like. There's no commitment involved if it's not for you you don't have to go back...AA meetings are often hard to figure out from the listing. I went to one recently that was a  Spirituality/Topic  meeting and the format ended up being ten minutes of silent meditation followed by going around talking about three different topics suggested by members of the group at the start of the meeting. I've found that meetings can vary considerably in format attitudes membership and I got a lot out of checking out different meetings to get a feel for what's available. ..Good luck and keep us posted on how you're doing!
My rock bottom was drinking too much and it ending up in self-harm too.  I now firmly believe that there is a good reason why they say not to drink while on meds for depression. .You already know that you deserve better and you do... You got this..I will not drink with you today.
My rock bottom was drinking too much and it ending up in self-harm too.  I now firmly believe that there is a good reason why they say not to drink while on meds for depression. .You already know that you deserve better and you do... You got this..I will not drink with you today.
My rock bottom was drinking too much and it ending up in self-harm too.  I now firmly believe that there is a good reason why they say not to drink while on meds for depression. .You already know that you deserve better and you do... You got this..I will not drink with you today.
Hey there! Check out SMART recovery it's a great alternative to AA if you're looking for that. You just gotta find what works best for YOU. In my experience I've found that SMART's program focuses on the future rather than past mistakes. They have online meetings and in person meetings. Their website is a bit dated and hard to navigate but there's tons of resources on there as well if you sign up and click "online community" at the top of the page.  I'm in the similar boat of relapsing time and time again (on day 3) and this time I'm going to stick to attending 1 SMART meeting per day. The past 2 days of attending have really helped my outlook tremendously.
