-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bq17yw/anyone_have_serious_trouble_sleeping/

Nice to join a group of people going through this together. I've been alcohol free for 5 days now...Anyway the past few months I have struggled with sleep. I've had probably 3hrs decent sleep per night but wake up a lot. When I was drinking I would at least wake up to use the bathroom then be able to crash back to sleep in 15mins or so. Now I have stopped drinking I am getting nightmares which wake me up with my heart pounding out of my chest. I go to the bathroom calm myself a bit then struggle to get back to sleep. I've literally been surviving on 3hrs of sleep per night all week. Is this normal does it end??  ..I feel like stopping drinking has allowed a lot of repressed emotions to start coming to the fore and this may be what I am experiencing. I've just been lying in bed for 2hrs now and started crying over some silly breakup I had a month ago that until now I hadn't much cared for as I was only seeing the guy for 6wks..but now I am balling and doubting myself feeling like a shit person..in full self pity mode. Urgh. ..If it sounds like I am going crazy ignore this post *facepalm*..TLDR: stopped drinking 5 days ago nightmares cant sleep crying over nonsense.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I get this too.
How much were you drinking every day? I didnt drink extreme amounts but definitely enough to be more than drunk. This time around I'm 3 days sober and I've had nightmares the last couple nights too. Booze reduces REM sleep. That's the deep sleep that you need. It's also when you dream. So your brain needs to catch up on that REM. So you'll have some intense dreams especially if you were a heavy drinker. ..I'm also drinking a lot of caffeine during the day so that doesn't help being tired. It will take some time but your brain will require itself. There are also things like melatonin that can help get you tired. I've gotten some medicine from a doctor before to help me sleep too. So you got some options. Hang in there.
Sounds like withdrawal symptoms
Sorry you're in a bad place with the sleeping I've been having really bad nightmares too and figure it because I'd drink to blackout almost every night. I think it's my brain trying to sort itself out and rediscover what genuine healthy sleep is. .I hope you can ride out the bad feelings because that's part of it too. This morning I found myself thinking about an ex from twenty years ago! Replaying our last annoying conversation with complete clarity! Gah!! Then I sort of shook myself out of it took a mental step back and it was pretty laughable. .Talk about repressed memories!! Anyway I did a lot of walking today; walking and thinking and just letting myself feel. 13000 steps felt productive and now I know I'll be too tired to stay up drinking..Take care of yourself!
Adjusting to sleep when I first got sober sucked.  I slept like shit in rehab for a solid week then started sleeping like a baby.  I always have used white noise to sleep but a bunch of the other guys I was with in there started using it for the first time while in rehab and loved it.  I suggest giving it a try.  I have a cheap little machine used to use a loud ass fan but in there I just used some app on our little tablet thing we were lent to do like assignments or whatever they're considered while inpatient.  ..I took melatonin while in there too which they gave us.  I found I have to take it and lay right down not take it and sit at my computer or watch tv and wait to get tired because it will never come.  If I take it and lay right down in bed though I felt like it worked.  It always worked well in there since I couldn't really do shit like computer or tv and was wondering why it didn't seem to work when I tried taking it some times at home then realized it was that.
Slept 3 hours last night...worst night since I have stopped drinking. (7 days). ..I wake up multiple times after super vivid dreams in a puddle of sweat. ..Tried melatonin last night and I initially fell asleep quicker than normal.
