-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqa9zd/well_ive_made_it_to_day_three_again_im_really/

I had a horrible childhood I was beaten and molested and made to live under a porch because my mommy and daddy said I was a troll and that's where I belonged. I was then adopted by another family but when I came out as transgender they got rid of me. I started drinking after that to ease the pain of the loss but it progressed to drinking half a Handle every night. I put on a lot of weight and here I am. With all my heart I wish I had a family I wish I was a couple years younger so someone would want to adopt me. But I always end up spending every night alone. I'm a sweet girl but I have my problems because of all the abuse. I'm on the autism spectrum and commonly get made fun of for not being the smartest or getting stuff a lot. Was diagnosed with breast cancer as of about seven months ago or so which was from the hormones I was taking to become my true self even though I started transitioning when I was seventeen. Was recently kicked out of the house I lived in and paid rent off the books for three years and can't afford a security deposit for another place or food or my meds most of the time. So I don't know what's gonna happen. I work forty hours a week but the pain physically that brings on me is what keeps driving me to drink let alone the mental hurt from my past. It is day three. I will probably be awake for another couple hours but the urge is still there. Tomorrow is day four and I have to work which is right next to my usual packy. I'm in so much pain the urge is there. I just want to become a better me and persevere with all my heart. Any tips or kind words would be really appreciated    I envy so many of you
----------immediate responses--------

Have you had much psychiatric care?
Your childhood sounds awful. I can't imagine how tough that was for you. I also had a bad start in life  - I witnessed my brother being runover and handicapped for life and my father was abusive because he didn't believe I was his son - and that's unfortunate. But our destiny is in our own hands. We can either choose to drink and suffer the consequences of that - ill health less money etc - or we can to borrow the Trainspotting slogan *choose life*. ..Take it one day at a time and try to get to meetings.
I am so sorry that you are in such pain. You are going through some of the hardest days right now and it is not easy. Day 3 was my hardest day because my brain was craving the fix of alcohol that I had made it used to for so long. It was begging screaming and pleading for it. I had to take it one day one hour and sometimes one minute at a time. You can do this. If I can then you can. I drank  way too much every night for over a decade. You are worth it. Take care of you and be the you that you want to be.  IWNDWYT
Hello there... at least you are here. I think this counts as a thing to be proud of... day 4 is around the corner I can see :)
Try to do something you enjoy.  I find that when I am busy the desire to drink is much lower.  Maybe a movie at a theater that doesn't serve alcohol?  I hope things work out for you.  IWNDWYT.
[removed]
The way I blasted through days three and four was to go to bed. Just lay down and be done with the day now. All the best to you. I am sorry for your pain and wish you the best.
Terrible childhood sucks to say the least. But holding on to the past and resentments are what keep us sick. ..Try to keep your head in the right now. There are chats associated with this sub there are online AA/NA meetings. If you are at an online meeting you can't be in the past. ..I used to get soooo mad when my sponsor would say move a muscle change a thought. But I would get up and do it. And it helped. ..As for your childhood trauma. That is handled in steps 4 through 9. They are in order for a purpose. Please finds a sponsor and work the steps. It really does make a difference. ..IWNDWYT
Sharing your story must have been very difficult. May you find peace within yourself   Some things make sense to tackle with help. I found therapy to be very helpful to deal with my emotions and the medical treatments now available can really help get through early sobriety.  Please check in often there are so many inspirational stories and much support from amazing people here.
The bottle talks and its saying that it wants to steal your day
Whatever you do from today on alcohol will only make things more difficult. No matter how it makes the pain feel dull... The pain you feel isn't being healed by the booze it's making things worse...Your other problems trials...I don't have advice. But being sober through this will help you heal and get to a better place in many ways...Good luck to you. Iwndwyt
I struggle with Day 3 as well. Let's face it together! I wish you luck and peace. Stay strong and persevere. I hope to do the same.
I'm so sorry for what you've had to go through but you're incredibly strong. You already know that getting sober is the best way forward and you're working on it. This is wonderful! IWNDWYT!
Keep reaching out keep going...IWNDWYT
I'm sorry for all you have suggested and what you're going through right now. The hardest truth is: no matter how tough your life was or is still going alcohol will only make it worse. Life still sucks a lot without alcohol and when you stop drinking it will not become better instantly but it will sure stop going downhill. And you'll be able to get tough and fight your problems sober. And I envy your willpower!..Day three is surely a pain. It's when you start getting better and forget the negative sides of alcohol and maybe start romanticizing drinking. Try to remember the reasons that made you stop how you felt when you made your choice. This may help you. Stay strong and keep posting here.
if you want to talk let me know :)
Keep going one step at a time. IWNDWYT
This 24 hours is often the worst regarding the physical side of things so if you get through this you've almost definitely done the worst of it and it's gonna get easier. Some old crocodile at my local meeting says "Just don't drink even if your asshole falls off". Give yourself permission to be kind to yourself in any other way you can find. If you have trouble with self kindness know that every bit you invest in yourself will allow your kindness to overflow to others - eventually.
Take heart! The cravings pass the longer you are sober. The first 90 days are the hardest but the first year has its challenges. I was only able to do it in 24 hour chunks. That's still how I do it.  Just for today I will not drink.  Any other approach is too overwhelming. ..You have been through a lot. More than most of us ever will. You are worthy. You deserve sobriety. I won't drink with you today!
Hello. I am John. I wish I was there to sit with you and tell you that you are a good person and you deserve love. ..Life can be so tough for some and you truly have had far more than any one should bear in a life time. ..Please know we all care for you and love you for who you are and as you are. With this in mind we would like to see you keep the sober days continue...I learned 1 day at a time. Yesterday is gone.  I don't look back with regret.  Tomorrow is not here yet.  I don't look foward with fear.  I live just today.  1 day I remain sober.  You have done 3 days. Each day do exactly what you did on these days. ..Remember no matter how bad it seems a drink will never make it better.  ..Thank you for sharing your life so openly and honestly with us.  That takes a lot of courage.  So I can see a strong person who can go on and show this world they are going to conquer life in spite of all that life dished up to you...Take care.  ..Your Friend John.           
Have you tried video games? Might sound silly but I've always found them to be very therapeutic and I'm by no means a  gamer.  ..Virtual Reality has proven to have therapeutic effects as well. I purchased an Oculus Go earlier this year and have been amazed by the relaxation it can provide. ..I also took up a a hobby in home automation whereas my previous hobbies usually involved hunting for rare beers and/or bourbon. Find something you enjoy and immerse yourself in it.
