-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqavrk/relapsed_hard_thinking_of_going_to_the_er_because/

Hope this fits within the rules I'm clueless to what to do I feel like I'm danger to myself right now but at the same time not sure what to tell to the ER people and ''convince'' them to have me commited
----------immediate responses--------

My (limited) understanding of the law is that once you express you are a danger to yourself of others they are obliged to commit you -- I don't think you have to do any convincing. I hope you go and get good care.
Please go to the ER if you are a danger to yourself. Seems like all you will have to say is you are suicidal.
I'd do whatever I had to to get sober and get help. That's what I did and I love where I am right now. ..IWNDWYT
I once took a family member to the ER when she expressed suicidal thoughts. She was admitted and received help. Everyone in the ER was very kind; they have seen and heard everything. I hope you will go and get help; you are worth saving.
I work in the ER sometimes and have been a number of times to have myself put in the psych ward for suicidality. It's common and the staff will know how to handle it. You have the right to healthcare go get it
First I am so sorry you are feeling suicidal.  I've been there and it it just awful. I also know that getting help makes a huge difference so good for you for doing so.  ..I know that here in the US sometimes the difference between getting a bed and getting released is having a plan for suicide not just thoughts.  Also advanced tip if you show up with a stuffed animal or other comfort object that generally puts you to the front of the line for being admitted.  Disclaimer: I've sat with over four dozen folks who felt they needed to be inpatient so they could be safe so this is based on my experience and not any inside info on hospitalization protocol.  You're mileage may vary...Please hang in there and let us know how you're doing.  We care.
I rooting for you. Things will get better; it's just hard to see right now. Take care of yourself.
I'll be thinking of you tonight. Please do go and get help.
Go to the hospital.
Make sure you get to the hospital mate...Good luck and check back here when you can.
Hi I am so glad you are reaching out. At a minimum please call a friend family member or neighbor anybody who can be with you. Hospital too. I don't know anything about European law but I think a trip to the ER is warranted. All the best to you.
I agree do not take the dog.   .  But by now I hope you are on your way.
All you have to tell them is your feeling suicidal and they will admit you and keep you safe
Did you go?
Ok so you will need to go to the ER and ask for a crisis evaluation by a mental health social worker. Crisis evaluators are looking for if you are either actively psychotic an Imminent danger to yourself/suicidal or homicidal. When i say imminent you are going to have to express the extent of your suicidality. I do not suggest you be coy or cryptic with these people. The more honest the better. The longest i have ever seen anyone stay in our unit was 2 weeks and it was a special case. Must crisis units are meant for the SOLE purpose of short term and immediate stabilization. 3-7 days is the usual length of stay. Its job  is to ensure your safety not provide intensive therapy. There will be group activities during the day that teach skills or peers who have been through the same thing etc. You will also have to give an extensive and in depth hostory to a clinician. They will probably also take your clothes and document all the marks (self harm) on your body ( i mean all of them).The real mental health work will come later when you leave and they will set you up with appointments of people to see/ possibly a 7 day to a month long script of meds or referrals to places that can help with your specific issues like a longterm rehab etc  If your have a plan the means or prior suicide attempts/diagnoses or self harm issues you will be committed. You can tell them that you are trying to detox (if you are?) or your a drinker who feels like they are a danger to themself and you might use alcohol to XYZ.. Most Crisis units handle detoxes as well and will be able to medically supervise your withdrawals with adivan/detox meds. alcohol withdrawels are the ONLY ones you can die from they are nothing to fuck with and everyone who suffers withdrawal symptoms should check themselves into a hospital. If there is a local crisis walk in- i would go there before the ER. Thats basically just going to the psych unit to get evaluated instead of taking the extra step of the hospital then psych unit but not all places have those. I must warn you if you are committed against your will which it sounds like you wouldn't be? you will most likely be handcuffed and escorted by the police ride in a squad car and all to the crisis unit. This is not fun but its a necessary part of the process. I have personally had very positive experiences in crisis units. It was the first time i felt safe from myself in a long time because i had no freedom and was always supervised. I met really good ppl in there and it gave me the break i needed to collect myself. I now work in one. Also if any one is anyway rude or dismissive to you (especially the hospital staff because they see things through a purely physical lense) please ignore them and advocate for yourself. DO NOT let anyone dissuade you from getting the treatment you need. People will always judge the things they dont understand so those people are not the ones whos opinions matter. Please if you have anymore questions i will try to answer them much love xx
[removed]
thinking of you
Wishing you well friend.  Come back and vent if you need to.
GO ER
Please call the suicide prevention hotline 1-800-273-8255..They will walk you through what exactly to do. You need to be in professional care now.
Walk into the ER and say "I am having suicidal thoughts and I'm afraid I'm going to hurt myself." The ER is open 24 hours a day and cannot turn you away. Even if they do not admit you immediately or have a bed for you DO NOT LEAVE. Sit there. Just sit there. Your focus is on staying alive. Be honest with the staff. They are there to help you.
Go get help now
Please let us know you are okay
.
You don't need to convince them of anything. Go and be honest. They'll decide what can help you the best. Trust me they've seen much worse than your situation.
Thinking of you.  ..You are  so brave to ask for help. I'm really proud of you
Just go to the er and say you're suicidal. Easy peasy. I did the same thing about 11 years ago...they knew what to do from there....hope you're alright at the moment my man/woman.
They're health professionals. Trust in them to do their job. Let them help you. That's what they're for...To take a positive from this. You're self aware. You're aware that you're having these feelings. You're aware that these thoughts are unhealthy...Imagine you're driving a car. You're doing 80 and you've realised your brakes are fucked. Do you carry on at 80 or do you slow down and find a garage who'll fix your brakes and allow you to safely continue on your journey?..Slow down visit the garage. Get your brakes fixed. You've many miles yet to cover my friend and so many places to see and enjoy...Best of British to you   
You can just check yourself in the psych ward. Tell them you are suicidal and want to be voluntary committed. Then be 100% honest about everything. Check for emergency psych services in your area.
Do you really want to die or do you just want to stop feeling like you do?
Go on and we're rooting for you. You will get better. Seek medical help now and stay strong whenever you can come back here and post if you're ok. Don't give up!
I hope you sought the help you need. If not it's never too late. Sending you good loving thoughts. We are here with you. IWNDWYT.
Go. They will help. No shame in saving your life.
Go in and tell them exactly how scared you are.
You matter. Find the help you need to stay alive and remember that you are loved. Sending positive thoughts your way. Stay safe   
The ER would be an excellent option and I strongly urge you to get yourself there safely! The suicidal thoughts are the dangerous part and if you're currently under the effects of alcohol know that it is mostly the alcohol talking. You can do this and we're to support you however we can :D
Keep your chin up. The depression will lessen with a little time. We've all relapsed. The important thing is to pick yourself back up dust yourself off and climb back on the wagon. Remember this feeling the next time you think about relapsing. One day at a time.
Thinking of you from Japan. Keep on keepin' on 
[removed]
When you first stop drinking your mind is going through withdrawal. You've used it to create a warm blanket for yourself. This may sound strange but honestly get a warm blanket a nice cup of soup find a place to just sit and relax. Find peace. However do not quit drinking at once if you've been doing it for a long time. Go to your doctor explain your situation and honestly get 1 or 2 days worth of Ativan to help with the anxiety and mental aspect of stopping. After that realize why you want to be sober and the rest will follow.
Had the same thing happen about a month ago. It took me about 3 weeks to recover. I was doing trauma therapy did some confrontations and completely spiraled out of control. I have never ever felt that way before. Not even when my drinking was so bad I started therapy and sobriety. I honestly think it was the relapse that did it. It's really scary I considered doing impatient treatment but thankfully I was able to help myself a little. I recently relapsed again. I'm scared of where I'm headed again. I was doing so well and have been drinking for a couple of days now. Get treatment be honest what I've found is that most people just want to truly help. Good luck  
How'd it go? I hope you're feeling a little bit better. Sometimes just the drive to the doctor helps me a bit; I think it's just knowing that I took that first step. ..I hope you can figure something out with your doc and get out of this funk and back to normal sobriety without the shitty intrusive thoughts! Thinking of you and good luck!
I really hope you get the help you deserve. If you need to talk I would gladly give you my phone number or call you? You deserve to live and I'm sorry you are feeling down. I have had similar feelings myself.
Hey i only ever lurk this sub and am trying to be sober but i have to post and say please get to the ER
Were you drunk when you made that post or did you have the suicide thoughts during the hangover? I ask because I've had hangovers that sent me into a really horrible dysphoric depressed state. But never felt suicidal while actually being drunk
Fuck that. The mental hospital literally makes my suicidal thoughts worse. I will never go to the hospital ever again for mental issues.
Please don't wait and go get help. I know we seem like a bunch of strangers saying this but your life is worth you going and getting the help you need. It's scary but you need to.
Listen man I hope I'm not too late but unless you are seriously about to kill yourself don't do this. I've gone through it twice after a terrible break up I did exactly what you're talking about and it was by far the most traumatic experience of my life. The mental hospital especially acute is fucking miserable and soul crushing. Find actual help. Go to a detox. Reach out to a friend or family member. Please don't do this.
I would see if you can get Naltrexone. Potentially it could help calm urges to drink as much as you normally would in a relapse situation.
go please.....
No!! A 5150 will not make your life better. Suck it up and get to an AA meeting first thing in the morning.
Go to the ER and be honest! I'm rooting for you.
Hey man. .Ive been there. .Its just a lack of some specific neurotransmitters. .Just live for today. .Live for tomorrow and figure the rest out later. .We love you man..For all you and i know we know eachother in person. Unlikely but possible. And i would be so danaged if a friend hurt themselves. We are all here for you we love you
I think I'm a little late to contribute any advice at this point I just wanted to say I hope you are okay and getting the help you need. You have all of our love and support. If you ever need someone to talk to I will be here.
Hey let us know how you are. I know this one. I have a mantra:  not today . It's for drinking but its also just for living. Used it today while preparing dinner. Knife in hand but not today.
Thinking of you and hoping you're getting the help you need xx
Whatever you do take this bit of love that I have for you - a stranger - do with it what you will. We're all on the same team. You're still worthy.
Hi. I drive an ambulance for a company that primarily transports 1013s. Basically your situation is what my company was founded on. All you have to do is go to the ER and tell then you are thinking about suicide and you want help. It might take a few days to get placement but they will get you a bed in a psychiatric hospital and get you the help you need. Hospitals are really good with this because people just like you come in every single day multiple times a day. Please go.
I've tried it.  It's not worth it give yourself a chance.  I've hit bottom and way lower there is still love for you.  Take care stranger.
Would you be interested in trying the Muslim fast and learn about Islam's prohibition of drinking ?
Voice of experience here: tell them that you're suicidal and that you have a plan. Tell them the plan in detail. If you're a gun owner who doesn't want your guns confiscated don't tell them about the guns you own. That should do it neatly. Keep us informed and good luck. You'll get through this. IWNDWYT
Last time I posted while drunk my post got deleted.  Hypocritical mods much?
How are you doing OP? Update us if you feel you can rooting for you here in Manchester. Grateful for the creaky old NHS every day.
I'd leave out the suicidal part and go to detox...
Hello. I am John. I am concerned when I read a post like this. ..We are not able to realy help you in this situation. Please seek help and let them know what is happening for you. ..If you feel up to it an update on your progress would be nice please so we know you are ok. ..Please take care. Kind regards John.  ..        
I don't think that's a typical scenario. Just did some googling and it still says opiate and benzo withdrawals while uncomfortable do not usually life threatening. Alcohol comes with the added baggage of delirium tremens which I have seen first hand that is life threatening. Twenty percent of people develop it
Many drinkers I know including myself have been to this point. The heart of it is that it feels like it will never end. IT DOES. Sometimes you have to let weeks months even of shitty nondescript anxiety ridden depressing or numb days go by. But the shit ends. And as you start to chemically come back online without the alcohol in your system your mood will let up and good things will return slowly to your mental and emotional state. Sending good vibes! We support you!
I'm so sorry. Just go. It sounds like you need some help and they will have help for you. Xo
How are you doing? Any updates?
Please let us know if you are ok. We are rooting for you
