-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bqi2ec/rant_alcohol_is_glamorized_im_sick_of_hearing/

Disclaimer: I don't want to appropriate y'alls struggle and accomplishments so I'd like to share that I only used to drink a few times a year and removed that from my life altogether so this change has been easier for me and I don't think it compares to the struggles y'all have been through...I can't stand how much alcohol is shown on tv and how it's trivialized. Things like a character drinking a glass of whiskey at home after having a beer with a friend yet both characters are fit? That shit's not realistic. I hate seeing ads for alcohol or people getting excited for a glass of wine. It makes me sad for them. ..My theory is if you need to drink to feel comfortable around a person then maybe you shouldn't be around that person. If you need alcohol (or pot) to feel happy or forget what's bugging you your anxiety etc then maybe you need to seek help from a professional...I remember dancing my heart out while drunk even though it was  once a year . I'd dance my heart out because I could ignore the intrusive thoughts that would make me anxious and depressed. I'd forget to be sad about the people who have died or those that I miss. I've been working with a therapist and a psychiatrist to address my OCD and depression and I can dance while sober and feel just as happy. In fact at a company event recently everyone was at the bar being happy and social and I was in my room with the music on and dancing in front of the mirror...I wish we as a society could glamorize drinking water and tea more than we do with that poison that affects our organs and leaves us unable to drive...People get offended for some reason when I politely refuse a drink. If it's not for a religious reason( I'm agnostic) they don't accept it. Also the argument that  beer is healthier than soda  is so annoying.  People like to tell me that when they see me with a can of Coke. While that's my monthly vice it doesn't disable me and I can drive or deal with an emergency if needed. ..How do you deal with the presence of alcohol in your daily lives/tv/comments heard at work/happy hour at work/or even the  would I have a drink with this person  interview model?
----------immediate responses--------

I like how aware you seem to be of yourself. I think some people drink to find answers. What do you do for work?
Honestly I notice that it bothers me ... I observe my anger ... then I try to let it go...Also going to an AA meeting sometimes helps when I feel alone in a world of drinkers...You don't have to apologize for being less "extreme" by the way. I bet everyone at an AA meeting would actually love to hear from you!
It's funny alcohol existing *everywhere* made it easier to hide my problem for a long time (from people who didn't know me super well at least). Now I find it irritating because I often don't crave a drink until I'm confronted with outside temptation. My personal kryptonite lately has been those cutesy little chalkboard signs outside of bars advertising happy hour in the summer ( Have a drink! Because no great story ever started with someone eating a salad.  UGH). I want to dropkick down those stupid signs...For now I'm trying to turn inward and (trying) to treat my personal experience as more important and valid than those outside lies. I know what effect alcohol has and that's the most important thing.
