-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/br87kc/managing_my_adhd_has_greatly_helped_me_with_my/

That's basically it  I don't really drink any more since I've medicated my ADHD.     .I gave a few stints here made it to nearly 3 months without a drink.  A few times for over a month.   But always fell back harder than before.   ...&amp;#x200B;..Now I have medicated my ADHD and   I haven't gotten drunk in months.   I feel so much better for it.   No more regret filled mornings feeling like garbage with a hangover.   ...I know alcohol abuse and ADHD are often linked and those who are struggling might want to take a look at r/ADHD  ...This is not medical advice nor am I saying it is a solution for you I am just saying that if you do have ADHD and have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol control the first may help you with controlling the latter.   ...&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I am glad you found what works for you. Managing ADHD is very important in my opinion. IWNDWYT
So happy to hear this. As someone who has struggled with ADHD since childhood I got sucked into the whole "no mind/mood-altering drugs in sobriety" mantra that counselors and fellow recovering alcoholics preached. It made sense in theory but it ended up creating a whole host of new problems like poor performance at work disengagement from friends and family and an inability to function properly in life...I'd just encourage everyone to speak with their doctor before cutting themselves off of medications just because a sponsor or an addictions counselor says so. Ultimately if you have a debilitating disease and it goes untreated you're just playing with fire and the unnecessary stress and anxiety that precipitates could very well lead to relapse. I know we're not supposed to give advice especially medical so I'll just leave it at "ask a trained medical professional." Getting back on ADHD medication 2 weeks ago after almost 1.5 years off of it has been an absolute gamechanger...I'm so glad to hear I'm not alone in the struggle!
hell no ADHD medication is what lead me to abusing other pills which then lead to alchohol. No substance is the way to go working on cutting out cannabis as well.
