-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/br891b/hangovers_now_make_me_feel_like_i_have_done/

When I used to drink... A lot... I had hangovers sometimes. I felt like shit. I had days where polished off 20 beers or a liter of whiskey. I don't what's going on but these days I am battling trying not drink. And if I have as little as 8 beers nothing for me my hangovers last for two days and are debilitating depression and anxiety. Nothing physical. It just feels like part of brain died and rotted away. It scares the fuck out of me that years of alachol addiction have permanently damaged my brains ability regulate chemcials like dopamine. I had depression when I was younger. But has largely been gone from my life after adopting a better diet lifting weights and trying to curb or stop my drinking completely. ..I just wanted to share. I'm scared my brain is damaged. And I still struggle to find my sobreity (again).
----------immediate responses--------

How old are you?
It's possible to permanently damage your brain from drinking. But even if you were drinking heavily most people recover mentally in about a year or two. Keep staying sober and eventually your mind will recover.
I'm right there with you man. I've been a "weekend warrior" for quite some time and my Sunday hangovers have become three days of depression/anxiety/fog and insomnia. Usually I'm feeling OK by Wed and will restart the whole cycle again by Thirsty Thursday. I decided to quit on Sunday after a terrible bout of depression/anxiety all weekend (except for the nights I was drinking). I literally cannot afford to be depressed like this and decided enough is enough. You are not alone and I will not drink with you today.
I can relate to this fear of damage. There is a lot of hope in what  they  say ( who are they anyway? Any studies linking to significant neurogenesis and dopamine replenishing after alcohol abuse would be very welcome ;) )   after a long period of abstinence the brain bounces back . Unless you suffered an acute vitamin deficiency..There is a phenomenon called kindling  in short  every severe withdrawal will cause the next withdrawal to be even worse . .Where does one draw the line between regular hangovers and withdrawal ? Apparently binge drinking is the worst for kindling . As opposed to consistent drinking . .I just keep hope in the plasticity of the brain !
You feel this way because over the years your hangovers have turned into alcohol withdrawal. Severe anxiety and depression are typical symptoms of withdrawal. I finally had to realize that feeling that way FAR outweighed any kind of pleasure or  fun  I was receiving from drinking. I had to quit completely.    .    .It was the best decision I ever made.
Same . Ive also noticed my general cognitive ability has started bombing . Actually one of the main reasons ive decided to quit .. i cant deal with the hangover cycle anymore .. Well get thru this ! IWNDWYT
It's a poison bud.  A physical and spiritual poison.  Also an addictive one.  Your brain will recover if you stop doing this to it but as you know the progression is for worse effects.  The best thing I can say is to remember these feelings *very well* and when you get the idea to drink make sure to stop and reflect long and hard on what awaits.
Doesn't sound like wet brain but if you're like me it's just getting worse and worse.  The last couple years I could sense the hangovers were getting worse then again drinking for 4 days in a row will do that.
Wow I really appreciate you sharing this. This sounds really scaring. I also have this feeling that when I've really hit the booze that I feel so unwell not able to remember things and I feel anxious and confused for a couple days afterwards. My experiences of drinking do not sound as bad as yours by some way but I do appreciate you sharing this. I have trouble drinking because I do not really appreciate the risks that I expose my body to by drinking excessively. ..Thanks for giving me some food for thought and I hope you find some happiness amidst your struggle.
Thanks for all the responses. .I really think /u/Papi_Queso  hit it on the head. ..you know... I felt like I found some kind of balance and moderation these past couple years. But I find my self wanting full sobriety more than ever. I mean even at my worst I never felt such paralyzing depression and anxiety after drinking. Its take so much less to do so much more harm to my mental well being. ..Even after reading all these replies last night. I bought two fucking beers because I wanted to chill and flip through a new coffee table book. I could not flip through it without a beer why? I have no fucking clue. Habbit. Its just so fucking automatic for me. And that is what fucking scares the shit out of me. And that is what I hate. Not the two beers. Whatever. Its two beers. Its that I am praying to god two days ago and reaching out to yall and writing notes to myself "please don't drink" and then in the blink of an eye I have a beer in my hand with zero remorse. And I don't think twice about it till tomorrow. Fuck that person!!!
