-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/braeg8/im_sorry_i_let_everyone_down_badge_reset_already/

I don't even know what to say. I'm sorry. Praying that this will be the only relapse I have.  I don't even have any excuse.  I have seen so many posts about relapse and I honestly didn't think I would be among those. I'm not sure what happened. I considered hiding and rejoining under a different user name to avoid being honest. I decided not to do that. If I am not honest about this then I can't get any better. It makes me mad that I even considered that. Day one again. I'm truly sorry and I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Get up get going.....
Please don't be hard to yourself. It happens and we all know it. IWNDWYT.
Yeah I had someone trying pretty hard to get me drinking the other day.  It's at a point where it's more like a mosquito bothering me these days than anything when someone pesters me to drink with them.  Hang in there friend.
When I look back at all my previous behaviors the apparent perceived need for deceit is the one ai understand the least. ..Welcome back. IWNDWYT
So you got knocked down by a very experienced adversary in the 1st round. No big deal and to be expected.  You're a novice. Get back up...get back in the ring...and keep swinging. Every time you get knocked down and get back up...you get better at it. And you need to be very good and very experienced against this very sneaky and very cunning adversary. Watch out for the left hook.
Reset asap you can do this! iwndwyt
You didn't let anybody down. I relapsed after 35 days and felt the same way you did   I even made a similar post. Less than a week later I was back on the train. ..You can do this. We got your back.
I experienced so many false starts over the years... you don't lose until you stop trying.  You've got this!  We've got this!!  ..If you haven't failed then you've never tried anything new.
You didn't let anyone down but yourself. The best way to stay sober is to realize that you're doing it for yourself and yourself only.
This is about you not anyone else you don't have anything to prove to anyone here. We are all sick and in recovery. You can do it you made it over 30 days you can do it again.
It's okay. It's totally normal and natural to consider it. You chose not to act on it. You chose to be honest and climb back on the wagon right away. That's what matters.
Coming off a bender. Day 1 for us! IWNDWYT
I'm right here with you on this one. Bender on Friday and yesterday. Feel like absolute shit today. Realized the hard way I cannot control or  just have one . It takes me down a dark path.  My relationship with alcohol is no longer one I want. ..IWNDWYT
You have 34 days of experience that you didn't have before. The next 34 days will be even better
you got this! hop back on!!
Recognize it as now being able to recognize what may throw you into a slip or relapse. Forgive yourself but don't ignore it - you got this :)
You have no idea how helpful this is for me. Thank you for sharing. Posts like yours help me stay away from the ledge as well help me stay vigilant. I too have relapsed in the past several times.
So you failed? Okay. Go out and fail again. It's a marathon not a sprint. Keep your head up and let's get it.
This is a hard topic to address.  I got sober finally on perhaps my 15th attempt in an 8-1/2 month period.  In the beginning I could drink a bottle of wine on Friday and beat the pee test on Monday.  That went on for a couple of months.  I was doing an in-house work related meeting 3X a week but to break my new found habit I had to start going to outside meetings on the weekend.  I got a number of white chips that way which meant that I was at least confronting my failed attempts.  On one of those I smacked my face into something harder than my face and I have a front tooth that is about 1/3 composite ($384 to repair recently first guy did a great job apparently).  Between Christmas and New Years after spending the holiday from Hell with my family (they now have about 80 years between the three of them) I decided to do better amassing 40 days until one of those stressful Fridays followed by a terrible meeting you know the one where you have so little in common with the lead that you compare yourself right out of the room.  At a pharmacy near me I bought two Heinies because I knew that I had to control.  The net morning I experienced probably the worst guilt ever over drinking as there was simply no suitable reason for me to blame.  I then got serious until the events at 110 days that lead to my current date...The reason I say that this is hard to address is that I can't tell my story without seeming to give the impression that relapses are OK.   They aren't.  A number of those could have been fatal especially the last one.  Yes I eventually got sober and have accumulated what some might consider reasonable time but it could have very easily gone the opposite way.  And for some it has.  The concept of powerless is based on the simple premise that "we do not get to choose."  Once out of the gates all bets are off.  I have literally heard and seen 1 day relapses that lasted 20 years.  And no one has ever looked better when they came back in than they looked the day that they left...I fully welcome anyone and everyone back into the fold.  It is better this way.  My concern though is when people start to believe that because they have relapsed and come back in that it will always be an option.  And it is but over time 80% of the time it is an option that isn't exercised and the next sobriety date is on a tombstone.  Relapse is Russian Roulette in a liquid form.  There is no better time to get sober than right now and no better time to stay sober than right now.  Of this I am certain...FWIW it is Bluegrass Tuesday and I will be in a bar later but two of the musicians have double-digit sobriety so it is technically one of my safe-spaces.  We are not a glum lot.  And we are everywhere!..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdhN-iOgtik
I don't feel let down by you. I feel impressed with your honesty and touched by your pain. ..And ready to stand with you as you go into your next sober days...Be well friend!
Brush yourself off and start again. You've got this!
You didn't let anyone down. The only let down is when we stop trying.
