-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brblpf/observations_from_my_first_ever_sober_wedding/

This past Saturday was the wedding of one of my closest friends and long time drinking buddies. I was conflicted about staying sober at this one telling myself all the usual "one more time" and "last hurrah" lies.  However following the bachelor party the previous weekend at which I drank and had regrets I made the decision to stay sober...My last post was some observations from ground zero of a regrettable stag party relapse here are the contrasting notes from a successful sober celebration:..&amp;#x200B;..1. The merriment I'd long attributed to my drunkenness at weddings is still there sober. Go figure. Turns out weddings are just joyous occasions and they make you smile because you feel happy. I wasn't focused on wanting my next drink so I actually engaged in the speeches and conversation even remembering some of it afterwards!.2. Sober dancing is fun if you can get over the inhibitions and get started. This actually surprised me. I was right in there doing the conga line air guitar and russian kick dance thing to Ra-Ra-Rasputin totally sober. The whole nine yards. I didn't feel embarrassed in the least. Maybe some people just don't like dancing which is fine but I used to love dancing at weddings (drunk) and I guess I don't have to give that up like I thought I did. I never needed the magic potion after all the magic was in me all along..3. I still kind of felt like crap the next day to be honest. Big days just wear you out! However at least this is the only wedding I haven't forgotten. I didn't have to deal with the anxiety guilt and embarrassment I used to feel after every single wedding knowing I acted like an ass but not remembering it. I don't mean I'd lose little details either. I'd black out everything after dinner at every wedding I've ever attended. I'm ashamed to say I barely remember the speeches at my own wedding. I can't take that back but at least I can learn the lesson from it...&amp;#x200B;..I could easily go on but the point is that weddings can be fun without alcohol. Better even. Maybe this is a useful insight to some folks here who undoubtedly have weddings coming up this spring/summer and are as conflicted as I was. Good luck and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Great account of your experience! Enjoyed reading it! IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing! I'm going to my first sober wedding this weekend and reading this helps with my nervousness.
I really needed this post. Going to a couple large rowdey Irish Catholic weddings this summer. Been sober for over a year but managed to not go to any last summer...You'd think that staying sober would be a no-brainer but especially for the ones that start with meet and greets on Friday night wedding on Saturday and afternoon drinks for farewell on Sunday well I'm nervous. Nervous about being sober and nervous about actually staying sober...I really want to trust everyone on here who says that once people start drinking they usually leave the non-drinkers alone but I'm envisioning a lot of pressure regarding celebratory shots and champagne and brunch Bloody Marys. They know I'm sober but it's expected to go off the wagon for that one event. Everyone in my extended family has had their ups and downs with alcohol and full-on lifetime sobriety isn't really a thing. You mess up your life too much like losing your job due to drinking you'll get the side eye but otherwise anything goes..It is hard to explain to people who have families that don't drink like that. ..Anyway it's my family and I love them and I need to learn how to manage my sobriety with them. I'm not going to avoid them for another year...Your post was super meaningful to me. Thank you.
Thanks for sharing this! It put a smile on my face. I have recently decided to abstain once again after abstaining for a year then getting back into drinking with nothing good coming from it. ..Weddings are one of the most worrisome situations for me as I know I'l be tempted to drink. Plus I'm 30 so everyone is talking about weddings! Reading this has given me a little bit more confidence that's it's possible to attend these kinds of social occasions without getting drunk! Thanks once again.
