-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brrdsv/chronic_relapser_struggling/

I'm really struggling. Once again I made it to six months without a drink before relapsing again. Once again I'm back at square one. Possibly losing my job and a girl that means the world to me. I'm not angry with them. If anything I understand the need to distance themselves from someone with a problem as destructive as mine. I've had a DUI a seizure in a liquor store multiple jobs lost teetered on homelessness on multiple occasions come close to ODing and just generally wrecked my own life over and over as those that care about have watched on in horror. But what's worse is there have been so many times it looked like I was headed in the right direction only to pick up a drink and blow it all up once again. I feel lost and directionless and unlovable and unforgivable. How did I wind up like this? Do people as bad as I am ever actually get and stay sober? Part of me knows that it's possible but another part says there's no reason in trying. I'm too far gone. I'll work the program and get involved for a while but then I inexplicably stop the insanity returns and I drink. And the way I drink is extreme and suicidal from the outset. I'm reaching out for help and in a sober living but I deeply question whether it's even worth it. I feel doomed to self destruct. Sorry for the wall of text but I needed to vent and the anonymity of the internet made it a little easier.
----------immediate responses--------

&amp;#x200B;..I'm not going to give details but my life has completely changed for the better since I stopped drinking. Posting here says a lot - there are people who never reach out for help and you've done that says a lot about what you actually really want - people who don't want help and don't want to stop drinking don't end up on a Stop Drinking support zone. ..&amp;#x200B;..One day at a time. I didn't know if stopping drinking would change anything for me. It did. Took time and there were days I asked whether drinking or not drinking made a damn bit of difference but my life's completely unrecognisable from what it was before I stopped. Hang in there man.
You are lovable.  Your inner being loves you.  I believe we are bigger than we account for.  I believe we believe the story we tell ourselves about our lives.  It was beyond my imagination to imagine the changes waiting for me down the road so when I quit I made everything very simple.  I think my trick to staying has been just not drinking.  Not drinking that first drink.  Because we totally can get sucked into the cycle again.  I got a disciplined very early waking up schedule too and I credit it with turning my mentality upside down from where it used to be I really think sticking to it has made it easier for me to stay involved in my sober life.  We aren't beyond change.  Someone said  if you chase after sobriety as hard as you chased after booze you're golden.   So if I wanted to get beer I got something else sober.  If I wanted to think about beer I thought about something different.  If I wanted to go where there was access to beer I went somewhere there wasn't.  After a while I didn't want to wreck my life again more than I wanted not to.  It just took time and I made myself accountable to me.  No guilt no fuss no shame just me answering to me.  Idk it worked and now I'm out and I'm free and clear and I won't go back there because it sucks us in just like that.  Anyways best wishes.  You have the same odds we all do 100% if you want it.
I feel similar. Alcohol and the decisions I've made on it have taken everything from me - family career friends health relationships. I'm 42 now and basically broke and homeless. I have lashed out at everyone that tried to help me and now I am on my own. I did 35 days sober recently then for some reason relapsed for 2 awful weeks. I am 4 days sober now but just wracked with anxiety that is unbearable. Doctors won't prescribe anything for me as I am an alcoholic. Part of me wants to ride it out the other part wants to just pack it in and drink even though it will probably end up killing me in the next few weeks as my future is bleak. I can't live with the shame guilt and damage my impact has had on others. Gosh it is hard to live atm.
