-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brvq2r/brain_fog_alcohol_something_ive_noticed/

I've been managing two-week-long stints of sobriety the past year and am currently on 13 days. The problem I have is that having a few drinks actually clears my mind and words and thoughts come more naturally. Anyone found the same? I'm so dependent on alcohol I need it for my brain to function. It's really hard to imagine being clearheaded and sober and that almost always causes me to relapse. I think deep down I don't believe that real clearheadedness will never come back so what's the point? It's hard to try to heal when you feel permanently damaged. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on day 16 and feel ya I had to give a presentation at work today and felt like I couldn't think 3 words ahead. About half way through it finally went away thank God! But at the beginning I wasn't sure I was gonna make it through. Was a dang 2 hour presentation too
I did the two weeks dry at a time thing for a couple of years and I really think it hurt me more than it helped me mentally...I was always adjusting.
I found I experienced a mental lull around 2 weeks too. I just accepted it as paws and it cleared up. It is not something that I wish to repeat so I keep the alcohol out of my mouth.
I'm coming up on 4 months and I definitely have noticed my wit coming back online in the last 2 weeks. I'm still not at 100% but I'm definitely getting quick with humor and being able to understand and explain more complex concepts.
Emotional and mental clarity absolutely returns to 100% with time. It's just that alcohol is sinister in its ability to get you to believe stuff that isn't true and in creating a need for itself...Its hard to shake which is why we're all here but I promise it gets better as time goes on. Hang in there friend.
Wow I relate to this SO MUCH! I never thought the brain fog would go away. But I am happy to report it did. But it did also take awhile three months or so. And yeah that was rough but let me tell ya my head is clear as day now sometimes annoyingly so! Haha. Trust me it's worth it.
