-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brwww1/this_needs_to_stop/

I feel so ashamed. I've dropped out of college lost jobs ruined romantic relationships with great women damaged social relationships and hurt people that didn't deserve it because of how I can get when I'm drunk. AA doesn't fit well for me. I was sober and in AA for 2 years. Worked 11 steps but not the 12th because I never took a sponsee. I always struggled with the 3rd step and the notion of a theistic God and I just can't bring myself to believe in one. But oh how I tried. Also what fucks me up is that I can drink moderately like 1-3 beers after work and then no more. I always want more but I can control that want and deny it. Time and time again I've decided to drink moderately and succeeded at first only to find myself shitfaced and being a jackass. I'm also diagnosed as bipolar type 2 and when I drink I get MANIC.  Sometimes it's really fun and I like who I become but sometimes I become absolutely insane. Just a monster. I'm sick of this. It isn't sustainable and it's only harming me and people who love me. My life will continue to be mediocrely shitty unless I stop drinking. I'm exhausted. I feel ashamed. I have a problem. This needs to stop. ..I'm posting because I know this community will understand and I'd like to feel understood. ..Also I'm sure there are so many posts like this. Sorry if posts like this are worn out and uninteresting.
----------immediate responses--------

Also my flair isn't accurate but I'm having trouble changing it on my phone.
Glad you're here...I might return to the methods that got me 2 years sobriety...There's no requirement to do a 12th step.....  or any step!
Welcome OP.  You sound a bit like me.  You might Look for a Secular Organization for Sobriety meeting or use Smart Recovery online meetings which are secular as well...And you can do this!  We've got your back...I wish you the best and IWNDWYT.
Firstly you are not a bad person you have a health issue that affects personality and behaviour. You are not "drunk you". Anyone would act badly if they had a lot of alcohol in their system. Secondly you are not alone. I am the same as you. Alcohol makes me almost high. Sometimes i do a heap of housework. Othertimes i just flip out and get rageful. Its how i react to alcohol i know i am a good person i just cant drink. I know you are a good person too because you obviously care. Eat lots of nutritious food exercise early nights and early mornings. You can do this. IWNDWYT
I understand that shame completely.  I burned down my life with alcoholic drinking.  I did go to AA and the first day they said I could have whatever higher power I wanted.  I picked my cat because the cat didn't swill tequila and definitely made better decisions than me. A couple of Friday's later I was at this AWFUL Friday night meeting and this woman in a beehive hairdo says  I heard you say that your cat is your Hp.  Well you better get a bigger God because that cat isn't going to help you when the shit hits the fan.   I replied that it was Friday night I was young sitting in a church basement and talking to a lady in a beehive hairdo.  LADY THE SHIT HAS HIT THE FAN.....I have stayed in AA from my 1st day of sobriety.  The first couple of years I underlined everything in the big book I disagreed with in orange.  I  still read through the book every year and honestly I still disagree with some of the stuff.  It's just a bit too middle school principal wagging his finger in your face judgey for me.  But I'll tell you what I have a faith that works for me  that has helped me through some pretty gnarly health crap.  And it's not based on any certain religious tradition.   And I have a framework for living sober that has kept me in good stead to this very day.  ..One last thing.  I've made it a point to stay away from the shamers and the rigid bleeding deacons.  I think (and it's only my opinion) that they talk that shit because they can't talk about recovery.  It has sometimes taken meeting hopping a bit to find a meeting that's worked for me but I always have.  ..I think there are lots of ways to get and live sober and I hope you find a path that works for you!  I wish you all go luck on your journey. IWNDWYT
Glad you're here. the important thing is that you keep trying and do whatever you need to do to stay sober.
