-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/brxj0w/how_to_forgive_yourself/

Hi guys. I'm recently 8 months sober and mostly fantastic. I'm healthier sleeping better less depressed and more motivated...Where I'm struggling is reflecting on my time drinking. I think about my past behavior and how annoying/embarrassing I was when I was drinking.    I didn't do anything to harm or offend others but I can't stop thinking about it and cringing. I'm very ashamed...I'm struggling to forgive myself for being who I was when I was drinking...How do you guys deal with these thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

I also deal with this daily. All I can really do is remind myself that the past is over with I can't change it and all I can control is how I behave moving forward. This includes making amends if possible etc. But I totally feel you.
For me I just remember that everything I went through all the bad annoying embarrassing and shitty got me where I am today. It wouldn't have happened otherwise and I would take my shitty history to be where I am not instead of wasting more years of said shitty behavior. Take care!
I use the acknowledgement that there was a behavioural difference as direct motivation to stay away from booze. So far so good.
I think there a lot of ways to become and live sober.  For me AA gave me a frame work and a practical way to deal with my regret and shame.  I came in with buckets of both.  I wasted no time doing a 4th and 5th step.  4 reads Made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves. And  5 is Admitted to God to ourselves and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs.  ..I put down the argument about the wording and the God bits and did it exactly the way as outlined in the big book.  4 columns and I didn't write any essays I just wrote down the facts.  I immediately made an apt with my sponsor to read it to her.  My first entry was from first grade when I deliberately ran my 1st con\lie.  I was an early reader so I was sent to the library to read chapter books and write a little book report on each one. I discovered if I changed the wording from the blurb on the book jacket I didn't actually have to read the books to write the report.  Now that kind of larceny is born not learned  . ..When it was over I kind of felt the same way I did about losing my virginity .  Lots of hype but not such a big deal after all.  But soon after I noticed that I no longer felt ashamed or crippling regret.  By sincerely trying to recount my actions and report them as honestly as possible I cleared the deck to build a sober foundation.  ..When I hit 8 &amp; 9 - the amends steps I got to take right sized action and act in a decent manner.  Not everyone jumped up and patted me on the back but I paid back the money I owed to people treated my parents with kindness started showing up for work on time (ish) etc.  I tried to go for an eye for an eye style of restitution.  Meaning if I stole 20 bucks from you I didn't make amends by vacuuming your house.  I paid you back your money.  ..The reason this worked for me is that it gave me an immediate sober history that reflects my values and the person I wanted to be.  I have repeated this work again and again as I have become stuck at different points in my life.   ..Again I don't think this is the only way to deal with regret and shame but it worked in my earliest sobriety and continues to work today.   Good luck and congratulations on your amazing sobriety!!!
Here's some things that have worked for me:..\- acceptance. I can't change the past no matter how much pain it causes to look back. If I try to fight the pain or the shame it makes it worse. Pushing thoughts away hasn't worked for me embracing them and accepting them seems to reduce their power in time. ..\- perspective. It doesn't sound like you did too much wrong if you didn't harm of offend others. I try to stand back from my own actions and think how would I feel if someone described to me the shame they feel from doing whatever it was that I have done or said? I'd probably just have a lot of compassion for them and reassure them that they're just another human who makes mistakes. So then I can say that to myself. ..\- say sorry - even if it's just to yourself. If I can't or don't need to apologise to someone in person I write them a letter and delete it. It's amazingly cathartic..\- talk to other people - there's something about actually getting it out that has helped me immediately get perspective on things then I've found after an amount of time my mind doesn't dwell on the past like it used to..\- live a better life! getting sober has been so rewarding for me it helps me be a better human and to look at mistakes from the past as something I had to go through to get me here today..Good luck
I think it just takes time.  Gradually accepting the things you've done in the past and realizing that you're not the same person you were back then...There's no magic bullet.
The same way I forgive myself for all the other stupid shit I did when I was younger and less experienced. Life is a growth process and learning game. Apologies are definitely in order if you owe them but to dwell is useless. There is no issue UNLESS you repeat your mistakes. Then you learned nothing. .Look forward and prove to everyone and yourself that you're now a better person. Looking back and feeling bad will only hinder your progress..Best of luck!
Years ago I remember telling my dad how sad I felt and all the guilt I had. I remember him asking me "For what? You're a good guy. You have nothing to feel guilty about." When I thought more about that I realized he was right. The only thing I feel guilty about now is wasting time being unhappy. Other than that those times have passed and the only person who still thinks about them often is us. Might as well be a book in a library in an aisle that people rarely walk down. Whenever I start thinking about dumb situations I got into I make my mind change the subject to something that makes me smile.
Just dont dwell on it. It is not easy. I had a rough couple of days...Master key
You can't change who you were when you were failing you can learn to forgive yourself by succeeding in never becoming that person again.
I think memories are a strange business.  I have found that that my therapy has been a great help in dealing with them.  It is really hard to see are past lives from an objective point of view.  As time has passed I am able to put things into a better perspective with first understanding why it was that I drank.  Things from my past I can now view with a different understanding and continue to realize my role in life is to do my outmost to treat people with kindness today.  Best wishes.
Hurt people hurt people. Your own suffering doesn't excuse the suffering you caused others but also keep in mind those things you were still in the depths of your own hurt. Now you can begin to recover and consequently stop hurting others and maybe even help others heal.
