-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bs2yar/found_that_my_brother_was_pretty_active_on_this/

&amp;#x200B;..I apologize if this isn't the right type of thing to post on here. I'm not very familiar with reddit ettiquite. I have come to find my brother was quite active on here and confided in a lot of you for advice and support with his alcoholism and depression...He ended his life in April after a many years battle with alcoholism and a lifelong battle with  depression. Shortly after his death I stumbled upon his reddit page and am so happy to see how much support everyone on this subreddit has. Please continue to confide in one another and share your journey and struggle. Feeling alone can be so crumbling to a person's soul. I wish for you all to know that help does exist and it can get better. No matter how many times you fall it's okay. It's about how you get back up. Don't stay down don't give up it never had to be the end...Thinking of everyone on this subreddit which I'm sure can be an incredibly difficult time and sending you additional strength in your journey to sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing
My deepest sympathy. Alcoholism is heartbreaking. ..Thank you for this post.
I'm so sorry for your loss thank you for this post.
Thank you for sharing this and I'm so incredibly sorry for your loss. I can't imagine what you and your family have been going through but know this: sharing his story with us will inevitably help someone out there struggling today to not drink. We greatly appreciate it and your kind words.
I'm so sorry for the loss of your brother. This is a horrifying disease.
I'm sorry for your loss I know that a great deal of luck has been necessary for me to start climbing out of my alcoholic life. I'm grateful everyday for that but know in many ways I just got lucky...I didn't know your brother or all his problems but I know one of his problems pretty well and I'm sure it wasn't easy for anyone in his life...Thinking of you
My heart breaks for you.  Please accept my condolences. I am so sorry for your loss.
Thank you for everyone's responses. They are very touching...&amp;#x200B;..I'll be collecting them and forwarding them to family members. It will mean a lot to them. He's very missed.
Damn I'm so so so sorry for your loss. May he find peace now.
Im so sorry to hear that. May your brother and our friend rest in peace.
Sorry for loss buddy hope your family is coping ok.
I am so so sorry for your loss.
every alcoholic carries a message. some by recovering others to the grave. ..&amp;#x200B;..Sorry for your loss.
&gt; No matter how many times you fall it's okay. It's about how you get back up. Don't stay down don't give up it never had to be the end...This is very good advice.  We're all struggling.  I'm so terribly sorry that your brother gave up the fight.
Your brother will be deeply missed by all of us here. May he Rest In Peace and my all of us here honor his life with our sobriety. My heart is heavy for you. Stay strong
Hugs from London matey!
This hits me really hard. I dealt with a good friends suicide with alcohol and TBH I still can't make sense of it. For it to be a family member...I am so sorry...Thanks so much for posting this. I hope you and your family find peace. I truly appreciate that you cared enough about this large group of strangers/not strangers with a common goal.
[Suicide Bereavement ](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideBereavement/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app) is also a supportive sub. I'm sorry for your loss.
I'm so sorry for your loss. May you have peace.
So sorry for your loss. Thank you for reminding us that we are playing for keeps.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing with us!
Sorry for your loss and thank you for inspiring us in the midst of your suffering.  May you and yours be given peace comfort and strength...
Thank you for letting us know.  I am so sorry and I pray your family finds peace.
Substance abuse takes so much from us all. I'm deeply sorry for your loss.
Thanks very sorry for your loss.
Thank you for sharing with us we are a community here to help ourselves and each other get support. I am so sorry for the loss of your brother.
Strange. You and u/cmitro might have something in common since they posted 99% the same post 5 months ago.
This post really hit me. Prayers for you and your family. Thank you for sharing this
Always hard when our heroes turn into ghosts. Sympathies for everyone's loss.
Why is this removed? If mods are going to remove content and the realities of addiction then you should explain why with a sticky post
RIP.
