-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bs3csq/the_worst_ive_ever_been/

Been lurking but have never posted. "The brighter the lights the darker the shadows". I have been faking to everyone I know that I'm ok and thriving. I am not ok. Drinking caused my divorce. Drinking continues to cause me to be late and absent minded at work. I am so lonely and in such a dark place I'm scared. I can go 2-3 days not drinking to "prove" to myself I'm not an alcoholic. We all know that story ends with a 3 week drink every night and wake up hungover and shameful. I know I could keep rambling but everyone in this community has been through this one way or another. I just don't know how to stop and wish I did. I'm young enough and successful enough to turn this around and live life to the fullest. Really really struggling right now. Thanks everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

You got this.  Loneliness is really tough.  I try to fill my time so I am less lonely.  I also like live podcasts and streaming .
I don't have any specific advice because what works for everyone is so different. I just want to say welcome and you are not alone...For me I needed to tell real people in my real life. It was as humbling and as freeing as you might imagine. Hiding it was somehow feeding the fire. Also when the truth was out I couldn't play those games with myself anymore because there were other players involved...Anyway. Good luck. You can do this.
I struggled for 19 years of trying to control quit and moderate and almost totally destroyed my life thinking  if I was just a little stronger I could get this.   Well I couldn't. That's the nature of alcohol. AA saved my life. I have been sober since my first meeting. 27 years ago that was really the only option. Today there are several programs. They exist because they work. You don't have to face this alone. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. I hope you give one or more of them a try. ..Keep us posted. IWNDWYT
Hmm.  Young and successful?  That's an advantage!  If I had the means when I was younger I would have picked a life of adventure.  Skydiving.  Travel.  Rock climbing.  Is there anything you have dreamed of doing but haven't yet?  It might possibly be an opportune time just saying.  I'm picking up at 41 where I left off living my life of adventure... that's a long time waiting around drinking lol.  I still did some great stuff sure- but not like I meant to.  Now is the time
