-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bs4h21/super_suicidal_still_not_going_to_drink/

I suffer extreme depression life is so ugly and I really wish I could end it all but I have young siblings who would be left with no one so I can't do it. I still can't bring myself to drink. Nothing can make me want that again not even losing the will to live. I am never giving in to that influence and especially not when I am most vulnerable. In fact I am sure that if I died under the malevolent influence of alc after how far I come would guarantee a spot in eternal damnation. ..I can never break that promise to myself. I will never let alc win even if I don't. I wanted to post this for the newbies who suffer from depression. Mental health struggles doesn't mean we have to relapse.
----------immediate responses--------

If you are feeling suicidal please go to the hospital right now. Your life is valuable and please get help to fight this with professionals who can help.
Please let a loved one know how you're feeling and what you're thinking and from there get their assistance in seeking professional help ASAP. That's great that you're not going to drink but that's not going to matter if you aren't here to experience the wonders of life and sobriety. If no one's told you today I love you and please seek help.
I've been there. I feel your pain. Even sober I still sometimes go to that dark place. I see a counselor now. Sometimes it's just nice have someone to talk to about anything. Have a day a week to look forward too. Which is weird. I used to hate the idea of counseling. Cause I never came out of a session with an answer or a solution. But talking to somebody is therapy enough. You never realize how much you are bottling up. And how actually saying something to another person makes you actually think about it for the rest of the week. Or sometimes "some ghosts only disappear if you say their name and how they grieved you"...And if you're like me and use alcohol to deal with stress and depression they can help you make a plan. Think of them like a personal trainer.
You are loved needed. You will not always be depressed this too shall pass. Please seek help reach out to anyone to help you through this difficult but temporary suffering. We care about you the world needs you. Many hugs friend.
I don't have anything super helpful to say other than I know how it feels you're not alone and I am rooting for you. In solidarity &lt;3
It is great that you are not drinking. Alcohol only fuels depression. There is help out there my friend. You definitely deserve to be happy.
Please please please go to the nearest hospital doctor's office police station or fire department and tell them you feel like you could hurt yourself and you need help. Suicide Crisis number is 1-800-273-TALK (8255). You are not alone. I once heard someone say that suicide is taking all of the pain and despair you are feeling right now and dumping it on your loved ones forever. It can get better.
Have you tried Antidepressants? I know some people might no like the idea of something changing their mood but they don't change 'you' they just let you be the real you. They will take some time to come into effect but when they do it might just change your life. They did for me. I would be dead without them.
Talk to a psychiatrist about SSRI options. They really are miraculous and can help clear the fog that is keeping you from seeing things clearly. Once you have cleared the fog you'll realize that you can spend your time enjoying life and building something you'll be proud of that you will be able to share with everyone you love. Good luck but you have to make it happen - you can't wait for someone else to do it.
1-800-273-8255 Please Call
911 works as well depending on where you're at. ..The biggest thing is to do something to be safer than you are. ..Good luck!
I've already lost two people on this sub that I know of just this week.  Stay alive and dig deep for something that brings you joy. There are infinite possibilities ahead choose any just not the one that extinguishes the rest. IWNDWYT
Hey OP you doing okay today?
Life will get better. It's the nature of the human condition. The very darkest nights are always followed by beautiful sunrises. You just need to stick around long enough to see them. Much love friend. Hang in there.
Just checking in again to see if you're doing okay.
