-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsgphx/im_about_to_relapse/

These days has been leading up to this one. I am on the brink of going to the store and buying beer. I just want the sweet comfort of alcohol. I am almost 9 months sober. I want to last longer but at the same time I crave this beer so bad right now. I just bought my own apartment and about to move out of my parents home once again and I want to celebrate. It's harder now than these last 9 months has ever been. Any tips?
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 9 months! Alcohol is a drug and it's hard to logic your way out of a craving. Your brain will want immediate gratification and forget the hangover the guilt the anxiety and the shame that goes along with alcohol. There was a reason you got sober in the first place. Think about that take it one minute at a time and you'll get through it.
Celebrate with cake and ice cream.
I'm sorry to hear you're going through this right now. It's hard. Just try to keep in mind that the comfort won't last. You'll feel relieved that you gave in for a very very short period of time. Then you'll feel shitty and you'll feel massive regret and it'll make it all worse. I second what the other person said... if your brain needs something right now go get it... just not alcohol. You can get through this if you made it 9 months I know you can. Sending love your way!
Drink some water take a walk write yourself a letter... and face that you will continue to have cravings. Hell I have cravings for stuff all the time ice cream chocolate... but I don't act on them because they aren't good for me. Why should we treat alcohol cravings any differently? The part of you that wants alcohol is like a small child. Sure it is hard to handle a small child but you are a grown-up and get to make your own decisions. When I get in that position I actually just tell myself "no!" sometimes outloud lol... good luck!
Go find a masseuse and get a massage!  More relaxing than a drink better for you and no hangover tomorrow!  Don't throw away so much success for such little reward!  IWNDWYT!
Thanks everyone I decided to go get ice cream from the freezer instead and munch on that. I love this sub!!
Check out information on PAWS  - sounds like you might be going through this ... it happened on and off to me at different times for the first year and it will pass - it always hit me hard and I would crave alcohol intensely or feel that feeling of needing to drink.  IWNDWYT
I made it 8 months sober and during those 8 months I graduated college and was able to land a pretty sweet job. I thought I deserve a drink and that drink turned into a 5 day bender. I'm lucky I had time off and just said I need a mental health break. It's not worth it. I had to call my dad to come pick me up from my friends house so I could dry out.
It's been a while since I "celebrated" with alcohol but after a streak of this long there would be absolutely nothing celebratory about it. Like anyone there will be temptations but getting beer just because you're moving out of your parents home is just going to get you one step closer to moving back in with them or losing something good that you've accomplished. (I'm assuming you don't want that)
I think itd be a good time to try to write a gratitude list things we can be grateful for because of our recovery. Often when i write these and look at others i have everything to be grateful for my recovery &amp; everything to lose if i use.
It helps me a lot to remember that the hardest part is already behind us.  Link to a great metaphor is below.   If you won't honor the future you who will suffer for hours (or days or years) for that ten minutes then honor the past you who did all the harf work...http://mummywasasecretdrinker.blogspot.com/2015/09/the-obstacle-course.html?m=1
You're welcome! And congrats on the apartment. Sounds like things are really looking up for you. Not sure why someone downvoted my previous comment. I thought it was supportive.
