-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bshzxv/i_dont_get_why_some_females_cant_support_other/

I found out that a coworker of mine has been mocking my weight gain. I felt like i got the wind knocked out of me when i found out. I had a severe eating disorder in high school my brother was made fun of for being chubby i have seen my sister yo yo diet for ages and faint because of lack of food. I just don't find it acceptable at all to comment on someone's weight. Unless you know they are actively trying to lose weight you just don't comment. Can someone please back me up on this?? ..I have gained a lot of weight in the last year or so admittedly- mostly because of drinking and the poor diet that came with it. So yeah i put on weight. I will be the first to admit it. However this coworker of mine has NO IDEA what struggle i have gone through. Repeatedly trying to stop drinking dealing with the events in my life that lead me to drink to begin with. She has ZERO idea. I am on day 5 and when i don't drink i am active and i eat well but it is a daily struggle. I hate the society we live in that says all females need to compete. You never know what someone is going through...it's best not to judge. ..Usually after hearing news like this i would want to hide with a bottle (or 2) of wine but instead I'm going to get to bed early and hit the gym tomorrow. Not to spite her but to get back to the best version of myself.  ..Thanks for letting me vent.
----------immediate responses--------

Women can be vicious sometimes. No one should ever say anything about anyone's weight in my opinion. Do not give her words the power to make you fall! Her words mean nothing. You know you and what you want to do. Quitting drinking is a struggle but one worth going through. This is your journey and you are doing it just like the rest of us. One day at a time. We are here for you! IWNDWYT
Wow what an absolute hag. I give zero fucks these days so I'd be saying something for sure. Burning off the frustration at the gym is a more mature plan for sure  
Ugh one time when I was buying beer a lady said  You shouldn't be drinking like that...  and I asked  Why?  And she pointed at my belly and said  Pregnant.  I was not pregnant. So I said  Oh no not pregnant just fat.  I felt so embarrassed!! But it was true :( my beer belly stuck out so much I did look pregnant. So embarrassing why can't people just shut up sometimes?
I'll tell you one big thing not drinking has done for me.  I value my own perspective of myself more than someone else's opinion of me.  What a gain that's been!  I'm much more solid now because of this.  It didn't happen over night but I'm pretty sure that holding my own and not drinking helped me gain strength in my ability to more and more often look at things from my own point of view first.  So keeping up with the sobriety helped me more than crumbling in the face of difficulty.  Plus you have us to lean on we have been through it too!  So about this lady... other people are fickle.  Their opinions change around all the time and they are based on the myriad of ways *they see the world and themselves* first of all.  In other words it's not you yourself she's really looking at and talking about.  In this instance you're just the excuse she's using to do the behaviour that is going to get her the attention/release she's looking for for herself.  She's a hurting unit.  It has nothing to do with you and everything to do with her.  When I see things from this clearer perspective the anger I have dissipates.  I'm not offended now it's not about me at all.  Then I can carry on with my own awesome day in a better way and at the same time I'm getting stronger and wiser and soothing my spirit.  I also found work communication help on YouTube by Dan O'Connor.  He gives us the words!  He gives us the words to say to be mindful communicators in answer to tricky communication issues at work.  He is pretty much a genius :D.  Chin up friend    I'm rooting for you from over here somewhere in Canada
Her comments were more about her not you.
Not that it matters but the same goes for men too. I was picked on relentlessly in college by my fraternity brothers when I gained weight due to alcohol and poor diet and they had no idea what all I was going through. Let's both get back to the best version of ourselves by learning to LOVE ourselves as we are instead of what we can be. If we both end up Olympians great! If not so what? Seeking pleasure in external things always ends in tragedy for me. I need to find it within myself.
She sounds like a petty insecure twat who only feels good about herself when putting others down. It's not just women who are like that. Some people are negative and put others down constantly. It's the only way they get to feel superior. (Misplaced superiority complex if you ask me.) Braggarts are the same way...That's one of the biggest reasons I don't want to drink alcohol. I know it's a major cause of my weight gain the other being a sedentary job for the past 20 years. Being sober just makes me feel more energetic and healthy so I can do things like work out.
So I got up to 230 pounds when I drank. My cousin who had just lost 80 pounds on the junkie diet said some really catty things about my weight gain to my mother who then told me because she's extremely weight focused and wanted a way to shame me. That was a year ago. I'm still overweight (195 pounds) but her comments are finally starting to hurt a little less. So I feel you. :) It gets better don't let this send you into a bender like I did.
Yooooo saaaammmmme..I'm struggling through the early hours of day one atm. Women can be profoundly cruel to one another especially about looks and weight. It should be socially unacceptable to make comments on someone's body. No one has any idea what mental state or state of well being another person is in or what they are struggling with or what health issues or medications of trauma might dictate what their weight looks like. I totally understand your rant and think she should f the f off. I'm here for supporting other women 1000 percent.
That is awful. I gained a bunch of weight for the 2 years before I quit recently. It is slowly coming off and I'm so proud of myself for not drinking that I'm far less concerned about my weight...What a bitch! Ugh. She sounds like she must be a miserable person if she's talking about you that way. I'm sorry. Keep up the sobriety and life will get better. You'll look back on this and be so proud of yourself for pushing through this awful woman's comments! IWNDWYT
