-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsmp9t/day_54_struggling_lately/

I don't really know what else to say except for some reason I've been having a real bad case of the "fuck-its" with my sobriety lately. .I've been feeling pretty crummy the last couple weeks and on more than one occasion I actually got up to go get some booze I turned around both times. Even today I got it pretty much in my head to go get something (I won't tho). .I don't know why nothing is really happening wrong in my life but I keep just wanting to be back outta my head. I guess thats the only thing I miss about it really miss about it...The only thing keeping me sober (other than the fact I've never been this sober for so long and I don't know when I'd have the power to get away from booze again) is that I know this isnt the last time I'm going to feel all frazzled and just wanna "disappear"  for a night.   If I'm going to quit for good I need another way to get past this kind of stuff. Right now I'm just riding it out but I wish I had something to turn to like I used to turn to booze minus the awful repercussions obviously...I don't get anything out of meditation personally and I'm not religious and that pretty much kills AA for me. Taking a walk or run just leaves a lot of dead air in my head where I still kinda pine for a drink. If anyone has any suggestions other than the usual staples I'd love to hear it.   Also yep I've read Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained I can talk myself down with some of the tools I gained in those books but the moment to moment battle over the last couple weeks is killing me.
----------immediate responses--------

I never saw AA as religious and several others on this forum have said the same thing in their own way. AA has a lot of tools in the 12 step program that you could add to the toolbox along with the fellowship it brings. There is no commitment necessary. I don't think it could hurt to try out a few meetings especially if there is an atheist/agnostic group in your area. ..IWNDWYT
It's hard sometimes but no one ever woke up in the morning happy that they got shithoused the night before. You can do it. Also you might want to look into a SMART recovery group or even AA (you don't have to be religious).
I needed help to stay sober. A therapist and AA meetings did the trick!
Hang in there buddy. I was right there where you are for a long long time. I had to talk to someone about what was going on upstairs. I encourage you to hit a meeting and tell someone what's going on. I can guarantee you'll find a sympathetic ear.... and get this: you'll be helping them out! Neither you nor they will even think about drinking while you talk about this shit. IWNDWYT
