-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsv33x/straight_up_honest/

I like drinking at bars with my husband. I don't know if I can give it up. It's one of our pastimes. Do any of you really miss the bar? I just can't get past it every time. (My badge is wrong I'm at 12 days)  ..I'll add that I'm unemployed ATM and the bar scene is why I relapsed after 5.5 months last year I really wanted that social connection. We live in a really small town for now and I have no friends.
----------immediate responses--------

There is a book called the unexpected joy of being sober. I just love the title. Yes there is fear and boredom associated with nit drinking but we need to try new things and enjoy and embrace sobriety. Use our new found energy and cash to find something that works for us. If alcohol did work for us we wounldnt be here!!
What worked for me in the past (and I don't know if this will work for everyone) is.....Understanding the feeling of being around people at the bar may be a different psychological need than wanting to drink alcohol...Unless you're committed to reaching a short term goal with stakes (betting someone a hundred bucks you can go another week for example) you're playing with fire.  ..Even still you can do it.  I noticed the first 20 minutes in the bar is toughest without drinking then you just get used to it.  So instead of saying damn! I have to go the whole night without drinking just say you have to endure the toughest 20 minutes - at which point it becomes more of a breeze...I really dig topo chicos (have the same bottle feel as beer) or ordering something spicy like ginger beer which is like holding a Moscow mule...Don't know if that helps but hey it might help someone!
I love dives so I feel you. Right now i am okay with going to a bar with friends. But it's not something I do every week. More like a special occasion now lol or if there is an event and it just happens to be at a bar. It takes some rewiring. Now I don't mind drinking NA stuff when I go to a bar...but if I'm having a weak moment I stay the hell away.
I do miss socially drinking with my partner. I associated many "fun" times with drinking. However as I dug deeper I KNOW that drinking always made me feel like shit that night and the next day. I'm at 112 days sober and I've been to bars since. I drink non alcoholic drinks and enjoy it even more now. I never have to worry about the wasted money hangovers sloppiness and I always can drive myself home. ..That's my personal experience. Whenever I catch myself fantasizing about drinking I need to remind myself that it is such a negative thing for my life. It isnt the fun times.
Its definitely about 'the connections' so we benefit if we can knot new ones but maybe not so easy right off the bat.  That is exactly why I am here - I know I will need them and do not have them IRL.  Good luck and stay the course - hang out here! I will not drink with you today
