-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bsvzd3/boozy_movies/

Does anyone else struggle watching movies with heavy drinking?  Last week I watched Wine Country and was overcome with feelings of FOMO. I don't want to avoid popular culture because it makes me feel like an outsider but I'm not sure how to quiet feelings of missing out. ..When I'm watching such a movie I can't help but think that a getaway with friends just to escape and drop our egos would be good for me. I used to do such things and definitely grew close with the people I did it with. Right now I feel like all I care about is connecting with myself; I actually don't know how to grow closer with others without becoming vulnerable like you would on a night out drinking.  I know this is silly I shouldn't be so impressionable. But I know I won't overcome my problem if I continue to think this way. ..How do you guys watch boozy movies or shows without triggering yourselves?
----------immediate responses--------

I avoided movies / books / music that I thought might trigger me at first.  ..When I got stronger one day at a time I could enjoy them without being triggered.  But I'm always vigilant.  It's worth turning off a movie rather than drink to me...It got easier for me! IWNDWYT
I have some favorite shows that showcase a lot of alcohol but something I've noticed is how *infrequently* they actually drink. And all of the sober activity highlighted during an episode. Like The Marvelous Mrs Maisel for instance. So. Much. Alcohol...yet so much of the story line includes activity where alcohol isn't involved. That's what I focus on most...how far I allowed my life to get away from that. Like just up and deciding to leave the house in the afternoon. Or being prepared for guests to stop by. That NEVER happened for me because I was always drunk. Idk if that makes too much sense but now that it's on my radar I rarely notice the alcohol...I notice the sobriety.
I go out with my boozy friends and have waaaay more fun drinking sparkling water. I can still enjoy my friends and remain sober; however everyone is different.
I kept seeing Wine Country pop up on my Netflix and I finally gave in and watched it.  I thought this movie was disgusting. These 50-ish year old ladies getting sloppy drunk and making fools out of themselves. A couple of them shagged the cook. They sloppily told each other how much they loved them. They drunkenly rolled down a hill like some heroic feat. The one lady was hitting on a girl young enough to be her daughter and then got ripped off by her. The one lady hurt her back and just lay on the floor all night when her friends didn't even notice and then they strapped her to a golf cart. One lady got up and made a fool of herself singing and fell off a piano.....I could go on. Maybe this just isn't my kind of humour but I thought this movie BLEW. ..And yet it made me very glad to be sober.
I read a lot of books and I always resonate with the alcoholic characters that are quite intelligent but can't quite seem to get ahold of themselves.
Thanks so much for the encouragement and advice! I hope I get where you're at one day. For today I'm happy I get to not drink with you.
