-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bswqw6/its_chaos_be_kind/

A quote from comedian Patton Oswalt's latest stand up special  Annihilation . It was something his late wife Michelle MacNamara said often. She was a true crime writer (highly recommend her book I'll Be Gone In The Dark if you are into that kind of thing) so she used it in reference to the chaotic world we live in and a reminder to be kinder to one another. ..Well I drank last night after a solid week of sobriety and for some reason this quote has been in my head all morning. I am trying to be kinder to myself. My mind (as I'm sure a lot of you can relate to) is chaos at the moment. Relapse is part of the journey. Be kind to yourself. .. A month ago I would have been filled with shame dread anxiety the morning after drinking when I shouldn't have been. Today I am okay. I'm not proud of it but I have to forgive. ..Today is a new day. Be kind. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. IWNDWYT
I needed to read this today!
Those are great words to live by. Failures and mistakes are a part of life. At least mine. It's how I learn best..I will not drink with you today  
Thats a great quote very apt for the journey of recovery. ..Well done on making the choice to be kind to yourself today.
I second that emotion
Yes true recovery began when I learned to be kind to myself. IWNDWYT
Similar good quote is:   Everyone you meet fights  a great battle. Be kind 
The hardest person to show any level or form of grace to is yourself.  ...I'd forgive 1000 people for 1000 things that I'd never forgive myself for and I have to consciously factor that in when I'm thinking about my own life and processing things.  Regret and sorrow and all the rest of it are entirely wasted energy outside of using your experience to influence how you will interact with the present.  Learning to let things go and leave failures behind is critical to functioning on a healthy level.   ...Your kindness helped me today.  I hope things keep looking up for you.
