-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bt757f/relapsed/

I went out last night with the sole purpose of just drinking Coca-Cola and singing karaoke and it went well for most of the night but unfortunately I made some new friends as well as met some of my neighbours and they were celebrating a birthday and I gave into peer pressure and drink a jager bomb and as soon as that happened my mind instantly flipped over and said what's the point in not drinking now because you have already just drank alcohol so you might as well keep going and I won't say I didn't have a good night because I did but how I feel right now isn't very nice and I really did not want to Relapse back into drinking and I do feel quite ashamed of myself and stupid for giving into peer pressure so easily so now I have to try and pull myself together and start over without hating myself...    
----------immediate responses--------

Don't beat yourself up too bad. Just stay present... I won't drink with you today
All your sober days count for something...glad you posted. I will not drink with you today.
It seems like you've learned something about yourself that will help you in the future and you are back here now. Let's not drink today!
Thank you for sharing. I have a wedding tonight with a full bar so I am a bit nervous about not drinking. Posts like yours help me gain strength. Don't be too hard on yourself. I won't drink today or tonight - I need to type that in all caps!
You went out for company. You are human. You learned something. Peer pressure is hard to fight. but now you know. Don't hate yourself sobriety is a hard road. and you to my opinion still get to keep your days.
Eight year binge drinker here 116 days sober. I've found it much easier to eliminate going places and doing things that may trigger me into wanting to drink. It makes sobriety much more manageable and I feel that I shouldn't make a hard situation any harder than it already has to be...Don't be too hard on yourself either. It's all a process and sometimes we fuck up.
Ugh I hate that feeling. I know it well. You can do it though. I know it's hard but you will probably come out of this stronger.
Sometimes a relapse is what sets us back on the right path things happen Mistress.   Try to remember what and how you were feeling before you went out if you are spiritually fit you can go anywhere and do anything.  But if you are hurting in some way you will fall into the peer pressure trap more easily.  If you ever need to talk i will listen...
You're welcome Mistress..i am serious about the talking part i recently celebrated multiple years being clean so if i can help i would be happy to chat.
