-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bt7yme/my_social_ills_my_social_problems_and_aa/

Hello I'm a 28 year old female alcoholic. I went into rehab on March 22 2017. I managed to get some semblance of life back together getting a job and going back to school and finding student housing on campus and eventually geting my license and a car. I attended AA several times a week and I learned a lot but I did't find any friends to hang out with. Or even talk to outside like many do.  I did service work at rehabs and detention centers but I couldn't find a woman to be my sponser (most meetings are roughly 15% or less female all female meetings have less than 10). .I kept trying to be patient and kept going and I managed to remain sober for almost 22 months. But I felt so lonely not making any friends in school or AA. This was always a big factor in my alcoholism this invisible barrier between me and others and trying to figure out what I'm doing wrong and hating myself for it. .Some I have no clue but part of it is fear of being hurt and hurting others part of it is my reserve showing "negative" emotions part of it is that I just don't talk very much and the fact that as a woman I just don't really care about stereotypical womanly things. I listen to other women talk about them because they care and I like to hear what people are passionate about. But I think I hurt them when I confess polietly that I don't really know about these things and when pushed I say "its just not really my thing." I connect somewhat better with some men but its a forbidden and dangerous thing. I'm one of the few women younger than most and some guys twice myage or not can't help but be less than ideal in their motives..This loneliness and otherness kept creeping in and telling myself it was all in my head didn't change reality. Shit hit the fan after my mom got in a wreck on Halloween last year and broke half her ribs. Due to other health problems as well she spent most of the next 3 months in hospitals requiring intubation twice (that I had to talk her into because I'm the only one in my family willing to pull the plug if needed)..I actually shared my personal problems especially at my home group meetings during this time. I talked about my fear sadness and guilt. I hoped that someone in thia group would help me reach out let me talk to them over coffee. I didn't want to burden anyone if they weren't willing. No one did..After the second intubation I relapsed on January 10. I realized my mistake and finally reached out to some members I thought were closer than others. The couple guys told me in no uncertain terms that I needed to talk to a woman. The women I contacted didnt get back to me for days. I took this as just yet another sign of what a shit person I am and went from quasi-suicidal to full blown drunk suicidal. A week and a half later i was hospitalized after sharing these thoughts with a co-worker..I ended up drinking for three months. Some people not in AA and some in AA talked me back so I quit drinking April 8th and have been sober and attending meetings since. The problem still remains. I have a sponser but I have no feeling of bonding just affection like I do for many others in the program. I still feel like a freak among freaks. There is something desperately wrong with me that I don't know how to fix. I know if I don't I'll drink again and end up killing myself. Just wondering if anyone has gone through something similar or had any advice. Thank you so much for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

22 months is amazing. You changed your life in that time and you must have learned so much. You can do it again. I'm so sorry you're having such a rough experience with people in AA. I'm 29F and I have been feeling pretty lonely throughout this process. I spent so many years of my life waiting for things to happen to me modelling my life around guys I dated. Now I'm realizing I need to actively pursue my interests and desires and create the life I want. I'm hoping to meet people organically that way. We'll see.
I feel like I still hear that voice telling me I'm not good enough that I'm a piece of crap and not worthy of love. I need a lot of support along with AA. Individual therapy helps as well. ..Keep going you're not alone.
Have you considered trying therapy? It sounds like you have a pattern of thinking that gets you into pretty dark territory and maybe a therapist could help you work through some of it.
I could have written this. 36/f same social problems. Never could connect with people feel that glow. All of it meaningless noise. ..I'm a solo drinker never drive never leave the house. Alcohol gives me something to do and I only hurt myself. But my liver's not holding up and I'm getting through a 750 of Wild Turkey a day and it's just not sustainable...I was functional for a long time. I can't connect with normal people but I love Alzheimer's patients and the developmentally delayed kids. I love helping people who legitimately cannot function or communicate as expected. I can feel kinship with them...I want to stop starting all my sentences with  I.  I want to be better for Jesus who loves me. (We might not have that in common). ..I'm drinking off yet another hangover and before I cracked the voices in my head were just too loud. I couldn't get through a single prayer. I wound up just repeating  Mercy!  And yet in the end I still chose the bottle for relief over my God. ..Okay see? Look at this pile of self-absorption. What I wanted to say: I relate to this post and to you. I don't know if people like us can ever function socially like we're supposed to. But we don't deserve to suffer and die for that.
Self compassion and working on how to do mindfulness has been a game changer! They might help you a bit on how to rewire your brain.
