-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bt84i4/bad_sleep_bad_mood_bad_feelings_yep_i_relapsed/

I had already slipped a couple of times this week so it's not surprising that a delayed Mother's Day dinner (complete with Work Crisis halfway through the meal) would trigger an evening of drinking...And that one night was enough to push me back to where I started over two months ago complete with being awake at 2:30am for no apparent reason giving me plenty of time to stare into the darkness and feel sorry for myself wondering how much damage I'm doing...I can do this. I have to keep telling myself I can do this. I'm too old to have this many resets. But I'm not going to give up. This is my third reset since March. It probably won't be my last.
----------immediate responses--------

There's no greater hell than the darkness the day after a relapse. Hang in there. Be kind to yourself. You'll be feeling better in no time.
Don't be too hard on yourself.  You've the right idea. Keep going after every relapse... eventually your sober legs will be stronger and the relapses will get further apart..I've had to reset many a day... took me 4 years of drinking every 3 to 6 months while trying to quit completely..Now I have just over 4 years sober... fk that lol I have today and only today... the person who wakes up earliest has the most time sober? .For me what worked the best (not flawless) was putting off drinking until tomorrow... I thought if I still feel this bad tomorrow I can of course drink then... I would try and repeat as manybtumes as possible..You can do this there's no shame in relapse!
Thanks for the reminder why I won't drink with you today. It's just been long enough that I have forgotten but are used to always wake up at 2:30 in the morning for no reason when I was drunk.
You can do it. The many days you've been sober aren't wasted they're part of our journey towards a better life. What matters is your capability of standing up after you've fallen and keep fighting. Alcohol is a poisoning drug and it really takes a good fight to win but you can and will retake control of your life! Sick with us here and keep posting whenever you feel insecure cravings or even happiness after you thrive
Keep going. Every day we get another chance
Hello. I believe if you think it won't be your last reset it may not be. But it may well be your last drink also. I learned to take it 1 day at a time. Yesterday is gone. I don't look back with regret. Tomorrow is not here yet.  I don't look foward with fear. I live just today. 1 day I have to be sober. That I can do. ..I was told in an AA meeting I could leave the room and need never drink again 1 day at a time. ..I am greatfull today I one day took that on board. It has not been always easy but I would not change a thing. I am happy and contented and most often at peace with my self. ..I hold my hand out to you with this same hope I have. A hope for a sober day each morning when I wake. ..We can do together what we could not do on our own. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.         
I have faith in you. IWNDWYT
