-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bta4d8/aa_just_doesnt_feel_right/

I started going to AA about 3 months ago and it has never felt right. I get a lot out of the meetings but I don't like the book or the whole sponsorship aspect of it. I have a sponsor but I don't talk to them about anything (not my style to open up to a stranger).  I am getting ready to start doing the steps....and it just doesn't feel right. But at meetings people keep talking about how people aren't successful unless they do the whole shebang and I don't want to risk relapse. Don't get me wrong I do appreciate my sponsor giving off their time and I do appreciate the people at the meetings but I do feel myself starting to resent the idea of a sponsor and parts of the AA experience.  Anyone else experience this with AA?  Or stay sober without AA?
----------immediate responses--------

There are lots of ways to stay sober.  Annie Grace has a great book This Naked Mind. William porter wrote Alcohol Explained. We are all different people so why should there be one way to get sober.
Honestly you just gotta find activities that don't involve drinking.  My problem with A.A. is that I refuse to admit that alcohol has control over me. I have control over me and sometimes I make bad decisions.
I go to AA (more now [for the camaraderie] than I ever did in my first two years) and I've never had a sponsor and I've done the steps in my own way.  Going to meetings helped me stay sober so I took what I needed and left the rest.  And yeah I was bombarded with the speel that I couldn't stay sober without the '*whole shebang*' but I'm coming up on four years this August with no danger of a relapse.  I am living a happy sober life.  Many of the steps are about simply living a good life:  Apologize when you've done wrong and make amends and changes so it never happens again.  ...This is what the average person does in life whether they are in AA or not.  I hope that helps.  Congrats on FOUR-Months (+4 days) and keep up the good work!
I can relate . I also refuse to believe im powerless and pretty much grew up in institutions so am really wary of anything too closely resembling " group " or whatever . That being said support is really important and helpful thus being here .
I never expected a sponsor to be a confidant or a friend. I expected them to be someone that could help me work the steps. He let me work them at my own pace and on the one occasion that I came real close to a relapse all he said was  Are you hurting bad enough to finish your fourth step yet?   I guess I was because I did. Finishing the steps changed my life. ..As alcoholics none of us like being told what to do or when to do it. You'll work the steps when you want to. Or you won't. AA is not the only recovery program out there now. But it is really all I had as an option when I quit. ..The big book doesn't mention anything about sponsors. That had developed over the years because it does help a lot of people. There is no requirement to have a sponsor but trying to work the steps the way they discuss it in the big book can be confusing. I used a set of worksheets for each of the steps that I was given by my psych hospital. A few years later I went back and worked them with a different sponsor just to learn how to do it solely based on the big book. Both exercises helped me. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT
I think the SMART recovery program is a good option. They do not bring a spiritual influence nor have such reverence for a book both of which turn me off completely.
First of all congrats on 124 days of sobriety. Regarding your post I am more than one year sober without AA. There are ways SMART recovery psychotherapy etc. I was lucky to find a great therapist which really helped me a lot. I fully understand you I was considering AA in my early days when I had ups and downs but somehow with help of my therapist and people here on SD I've managed to get through the hardest period. Second I have been reading about alcoholism a lot. It seems to me that I could write a book about it. At the end you have to get fammiliar with your enemy if you want to beat it :) So in short words it is possible with good support and with a lot of work on yourself. Good luck! IWNDWYT!!!
Way too quasi Christian guilt ridden bullshit for me. But then again im not as extreme an Alcoholic as some. As a teen with an alcoholic mom i would go to Ala teen and I have fond memories of that. That was for victims of alcoholic parents and it wasnt as guilt ridden more of a pure support thing. I really didnt enjoy the AA meetings I have been too. Too preachy. There is no god. Only us.
AA doesn't work for me.
