-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/btht02/making_amends/

Hi SD community.I've been in recovery for almost a year now and currently have six months of consecutive sober time (I relapsed on NYE). I'm trying to make amends to the people that I've screwed over or hurt in my life as part of my step work. The problem is most of them won't even talk to me to hear it. These people are the ones who have been out of my life/ cut me out of their lives years ago... Many of them have me blocked on all forms of social media and their phone numbers. I've tried reaching out to mutual friends to ask if they'd be willing to hear my apologies but they just won't. Some just straight up don't reply others just don't accept my sincere apology. I'm really struggling right now. This is making me hate myself for what I've done because I feel so desperate for forgiveness so that I can stop carrying around this guilt. I know I can't force people to forgive me and I won't harass anyone who makes it clear that they want nothing to do with me. If it was one or even two people I would understand but it's so far been five people within the last week that have rejected my attempts to apologize. I'm heartbroken.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe it's a chance to move on.  Somethings are just not fixable.  If you think you will get the same reaction can you just sent a message saying right away that you are reaching out because you have thought about your behavior and would like to apologize and if they respond the do if not you have tried and move on.  They might forgive you and not tell you because they just don't want to go there again.  Minimum they will know you have rethought your behavior.  Good luck!!
I've been in recovery since 2012 with a couple of relapses but mainly been a positive journey .... but still there's some people that have cut me out for good...You just have to accept that these people will no longer be in your life. They are doing what they feel is best for them and that's okay. You've made your apology so that's all you can do. It's best just to move on and focus what is now good in your life. Keep the fact that they won't accept your apology as a reminder to never behave that way again. ..This is all something I have had to accept and tell myself over time. It's hard at first but It does get better with time.
What you are seeking in steps 8/9 is not forgiveness but closure. Also don't overlook " except when to do so would injure them or others"..We can't go forcing ourselves on others just to make ourselves feel better. That makes things worse not better...But what I said at first is what you should look at... "closure"... and that is what we get from attempting to make amends. An attempt at amends usually has one of three outcomes. When you say "Is there anything I can do to make this right" the answer can be.....\- they say "don't worry about it you just get better"... you are implicitly forgiven and there is nothing further to do...\- they say something that you should do to fix things. When you do that thing then the matter is concluded. There is nothing further to be done the wrong is put right...\- they want nothing to do with you. In this case you have done all you can. There is nothing further to do here. ..All three are closure of the matter. There is no need to think on these further or do anything further.
If I was being apologized to by a person with a history of alcohol abuse at the beginning of their recovery I probably would not be as gracious as I should be.  I did not due the making amends thing in my early or later recovery.  I disagree with AA on this action.  I also needed to focus on my continuing to be sober and not add stress to my life.  As I moved forward I try to treat people kindly.
Can you send him a card in the mail?
Why don't you do it the old-fashioned way and write a letter
Sounds like they just don't want to hear from you.  As someone said on this thread that respecting that is in the spirit of the step.  Maybe you can do some volunteer work or make some other such sacrifice to make amends on a karma level and get yourself some closure.  Help someone else significantly to balance it out a bit.
Run it past a sponsor.  They will either have experience in how to address it or they will know of someone or someone's experience which dealt with it successfully...I had a college girlfriend who  sounds similar to this.  I hand delivered a letter to her to her mom mostly because email didn't exist then.  ;-)   I have no idea if the letter made it to her as her dad was a professional class drunk and mom likely had her own issues but I did the best that I could at the time by presenting the letter sober and in person and it achieved closure so that I could move on.  If we get caught up in the results aspect of our amends we are guaranteeing eventual failure and relapse almost as if we were planning this as part of our conditional sobriety...Regaining trust is where patience really comes into play.  The one amend that we can make to all though is to live every day as a better person.  The steps are laid out in that order for a purpose.  No one wants to hear "yet again" another apology from the person who is still outwardly the same as they were when they were drinking.  Step 9 is best done when significant progress has been made first in 6 and 7.  We can do 9 early but again run it past a sponsor so that it doesn't cause additional harm...The TV show "Mom" dealt with this well in the case of the affected daughter who told her mom that she no longer had a place for her in her life.
