-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bty6gl/first_day_without_a_drink/

Yesterday was the first day in 4+ years that I did not have a drop of alcohol. .It has been approximately 30 hours since my last drink and I had to tell the Internet because none of my friends or family know  I am struggling with alcoholism. Or maybe they do and I'm deluding myself. .I'm so happy and proud of myself I'm going to try and see if I can do it again today. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it! I'm glad you're here. IWNDWYT
IWNDWYT
Well done. It's hard to accept but you have done well. Keep moving forward. I'm here starting again with you.
Well done. It's not about them it's about you!!
Great decision great plan. IWNDWYT
Your yearly planner just got truncated. You are no longer looking at the entire years calendar. You are looking at a single page of a daily planner from here on out. All you need to worry about is one page. Tuesday May 28th. That is your life. That day. Today. .And IWNDWYT.
Great work! I'm new too and it's a relief not to think about when and what and how much I'll let myself drink today. I won't drink because I don't drink. ..Stick with it. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats! I don't know your situation so it might not be an option but I do recommend sharing your goals with your friends and family. It helps with accountability and it is very freeing to be open and honest about struggling or needing help or stopping problematic behavior. Whatever you decide you still have us! Stay strong!
Exactly a year ago to the very date I was drunk on joy love and of course alcohol. I had been cutting down on the alcohol in the past few months and had been better. Wish you luck in this pursuit.
I'm in a similar similar situation with you. Actually I just joined this sub with a completely new account to motivate myself to stop drinking. None of my family knows. None of my friends know. No one at my job knows. This has been a huge secret of mine for a few long years and recently I had been getting drunk daily just to fill the void. Never to be completely wasted or be visibly hungover but drunk nevertheless. Not doing it tonight feels so hard I found myself crying. But I want to become the person everyone thinks I am and I need to do this for my health and my weight and my bank account. ..It gets easier right? Right??
