-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bu1wkg/day_60_some_musings/

My last alcoholic drink was March 29 and so by my calculations (math is not my strong suit) today is Day 60 for me. At this point I thought I'd be writing some comprehensive reflective essay about how my life has changed. But it's still too early to be comprehensive about it. Regardless though I've collected some random thoughts:..1. I drank regularly for 25 years and heavily for the past 10 years. I could count on 1 hand the days I didn't drink in any given year. It just became such an ingrained part of my day. Quitting has been a major shift and one that requires a reminder every day that alcohol is no longer part of my routine. Our check-in thread here has been a very valuable and tangible way of reminding myself of that. .2. Yes I experienced the pink cloud the first few weeks. Life was grand! But the problems I had been ignoring by drinking were still there--are still here with me. This is the reality of life that alcohol allowed me to dance around for a long long time. .3. Sleep... has improved. It's taken a while for my body to figure out how to fall asleep naturally vs. passing out from booze. I'm still acclimating. .4. The typical recommendations work: exercise lots of water eating right taking vitamins reducing stress... all that "self-care" talk does help and really shifts the focus from punishing my body with alcohol to caring for it with better habits. .5. I'm a 49F so declining alcohol around family and social circles is a bit easier now than if I were younger. Excuses like I'm on a health kick can't drink like I used to it no longer sits well with me etc. No one seems to question my reasons for not drinking at this age. I feel badly for younger people who face greater social pressures to drink. I'm sorry you younger folks! But please do work to stay on the path because you don't want to be struggling with alcohol 20 years from now like I am. .6. Finally I have a lot of events this summer that will involve alcohol and I've been nervous... but this last weekend I went out to a nice restaurant and also to a party. At both events I would normally have had a few cocktails to get through the evening and then come home and drank another bottle or two by myself. (Drinking by myself became my specialty.) However I drank iced tea at the restaurant and flavored water at the party. And it was much easier than I thought so I feel much more confident about what's to come. Not drinking has become my new normal..7. LaCroix where would I be without you?.8. Waking up without a hangover. My goodness... I never knew what a treasure this is. ..Thank you everyone. This is such a special place full of respect and support whether we're on Day 1 or Day 1000. Everyone is on their own path making their own way but we're doing it together.
----------immediate responses--------

We are close in age. IWNDWYT.
I was with you up until LaCroix (well that and I'm 44M).  I'll probably be run out of here on a rail for saying it but it's not for me.  I do like bubbly water but unflavoured...&amp;#x200B;..In all seriousness congrats on day 60.  It's an achievement to be proud of.  I will not drink with you today.
I'm a bit older than you and I agree that I'd really be having a much harder time if I were young with peer pressure with all fun revolved around drinking.
I use an app called Days Since. You can enter your first day sndbuuforget about it and just check your days sober when you need a boost.
