-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/bu42vk/on_day_3_need_some_encouragement_today_has_been/

Good Afternoon!..Today has been tough.  The first 2 days actually weren't that bad.  But today I am struggling.  My fiance almost always go for lunch at our favorite sushi place.  We sit at the bar and the waiters know us and always have a glass of my favorite chardonnay waiting for me.  Today he wanted to go there.  ..I said sure.  I stopped them from pouring the wine and asked for pierre and lime.  They said no problem.  But I was anxious and irritable sitting there.  I don't want to hide out from normal life but that one really got under my skin.  ..My fiance asked how long I was going to quit drinking?  I said at least until our vacation (we have a cruise in 10 days).  (I am hoping to just quit drinking for GOOD in all honesty). ..He is the same person who told his family that I have a drinking problem.  So guess what his response was?.."THAT'S A LONG TIME" ..I just looked at him with a side eye.  He said Okay.......Can't wait to live through your irritability without drinking.....but I'm proud of you." ..Then he said "And when you get on the cruise you will be worse than ever..."..Sooooooo  Need a little encouragement today.  I'm irritable. I'm pissed at him and trying not to start a fight. Suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

Be honest with him and up front
You did amazingly well by asking for an alcohol-free drink there. That was well done. I hope you felt proud. Now you know what happens if you visit your favorite place in the future...Your boyfriend is a bit in the wrong there. Has he realized how serious you are about this? He might lack faith in you for now but you can prove him wrong with time. However it would be good if you guys could talk about how you really want to do it and him not belieiving in you hurts your feelings and your efforts. You could tell him that you are irritated now because this is hard for you but if he supports you you will eventually get better. ..But for now how about a walk? Try not to talk about important things when you're still angry.
It's really hard for people - especially ourselves - to imagine what a life without ANY  drinking at all would really be like.  There's a book by Annie Grace called "This Naked Mind" - it's totally worth reading and I bet it will change your perspective on drinking.  And this is where the One Day at a Time comes in -  we can handle things for 1 day that would kill us if we thought we had to do it forever.  Stay strong - it will be worth it.  IWNDWYT
