-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/kruh4/how_long_did_you_avoid_your_triggers_after_you/

People can be startlingly disappointing I find. Hitting 11 days sober and really enjoying the positives of sobriety. However suddenly I'm asked to be DD to these weekend events and people are calling me lame for not coming out ("Just don't drink man!"). Halloween is coming up and my friends that promised they wouldn't drink around me for a while suddenly change that tune (not that I would ever force them not to drink just don't say something and do something else)...I found just going to dinner with a bunch of people exceedingly difficult and alcohol was the only thing I could think about. I don't plan on being a social recluse for the rest of my life but how do you go about telling people (most of which are fully aware of my problem) that I just don't want to go to bars/clubs/socials until I feel confidently in control of my drinking...I don't care if it's the biggest social of the year or whatever. I won't have fun. And I'll be tempted to drink. People will call me lame my gf will be disappointed yadda yadda whatever. My sobriety takes priority over all else at this point in my life. ..At what time did you guys start integrating yourself into situations where normally people drink (and you're the odd one out if you don't). And what did you tell people when you didn't want to come out just because you did not feel comfortable at that point (and feared relapse). ..Thanks. Just curious.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't really have an answer (yet) but I bet someone will bring up the Allen Carr book...and this is the one point of contention I had with it. He says to not regret not being able to drink remind yourself of how good your life is without drinking and rejoice the fact that you're no longer in 'the trap.' All fine and good and yes all three points I agree with...but there's still something nagging at me when I show up at the BBQ and there's tables and coolers full of drinks. .I'm trying. It's still day by day.  We're here with you..
Once I honestly believed I would be OK for that occasion being around people who were drinking then and only then did I put myself into that position...Of course I drove myself there so I had a way out.  I had also mentally emotionally and spiritually prepared myself ahead of time.  I brought along literature and my list of phone #s in case I started feeling antsy but not antsy enough to leave just yet...For the first few months of my sobriety I changed the TV channel/radio station whenever drugs/alcohol came up.  I'd simply walk away when people around me would start talking about drugs/alcohol...A few years into sobriety I went back to my old stomping ground and spent a few hours with my old buddies.  I took one of my sober friends with and made it through the experience just fine...Basically I took a stance that my sobriety really was #1 and the rest of your drinking and drugging fucks can fuck right off.  Right or wrong it's what I did in the beginning and I don't regret it one bit as I'm 16 years sober now.
I have stopped in the restaurant/bar every evening snagged some food drank cranberry-soda drinks (with a lime it looks like a cocktail so people leave you alone) and been mostly alright had to leave a little earlier than I wanted twice but it is getting better...I would suggest ginger ale as a nice refreshing drink with fizz it does not have caffeine so you don't have to worry about that and usually the sugar content is way lower than normal soft drinks...Good luck.
Most AA groups will tell you to try and avoid situations like that for around a year but from the looks of your post you didn't go to AA or a rehab facility you're just trying to whiteknuckle it which is extremely hard to do
There's a certain wisdom to avoiding triggers but it is also harmful to isolate yourself. Remember the point isn't so much to stop drinking but to be happy. You need to stop drinking to be happy but you also need social interaction. To answer your question: I waited about a week and a half I guess. About where you're at...If people (who know about and support your sobriety) are inviting you to things you don't feel comfortable with maybe try extending counter-offers to do something else that you do feel comfortable doing on a different day/. That way you're not shutting them out of your life but you're not "asking for trouble" by being around alcohol. ..Also it might be too much to ask your friends to never drink around you but if you come up with things to do with them during the daytime they should probably agree to that. Or other activities that don't naturally coincide with drinking: sports whatever...It sucks that some people will give you a hard time but remember you don't have to justify anything. For some reason some people tend to think that because you aren't drinking you think they shouldn't be drinking either. But for the most part I haven't had any real problems reintegrating with my friends not drinking and not being given a hard time about it. Maybe I'm lucky...You can also try standard tricks like drinking club soda with a lime so that people who don't know you quit don't know anything is up.
[deleted]
It's fair to have a period where concentrating on sobriety comes first and everything comes second. if you had another condition such as mono or a broken ankle it wouldn't be odd to spend weeks working everything around your recovery. Modifying habits and living conditions to get well. You wouldn't go on the annual buddy camping trip if you had to limp 4 miles a day. This is the same-you need to get well. It's okay to put other things on the back burner. ..While you are avoiding drinking related events and drinking focused people you can think about what activities will substitute and who you will keep in your life. Maybe on Sunday you go to brunch instead of to the bar-who knows. But taking the time away will let you think about it...The longer you are sober the clearer headed you will be and the more not drinking will be a habit. Time will give you more of an ability to discern when and how to add social occasions with alcohol back in your life...You may decide-after a time-that the bar isn't okay but that going out to dinner with a friend who drinks a beer is okay. Take the time away from both to be able to decide...I can be with drinkers now. I stayed away from it all to start. (Unfortunately I usually drank alone in bed or the bath-so it was hard to avoid triggers.) I was fine with my first few months being focused on sobriety as I sorted things out...Think of it as a broken ankle. Allow adjustment and taking care of yourself. Good luck.
Hey man I see a big ole 21 next to your name and I think you sound like you know what you're doing!  You are right that sobriety should be #1...Hows it been going in the 9 days since this post?
