-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/kt807/i_relapsed_after_140_days_im_back_to_day_2/

Hey all I've got a crappy story to tell.  It's probably going to rambling gibberish so I apologize in advance...Late last year I decided that after 16 years of drinking mostly beer I needed to stop so I quit cold turkey.  This was at a time where right after work at 5:00 I would start drinking and wouldn't stop until I was black out drunk.  So 15-18 beers on a weeknight was not uncommon.  On weekends I was worse.  Anyway I didn't have the major withdrawal symptoms like DT's or seizures but I did have insomnia and was quite irritable for a week or so.  After that I felt great.  I was reading more I was remembering what I was reading I slept better than I have in years everything was better.  Everything!  Then I got asked to go golfing with a buddy and some of his buddies who were heavy drinkers when they golf.  I figured what the hell I'll just get a 6 pack and I'll be fine.  I justified it by telling myself that I will only drink when I golf (which is quite a bit actually).  Well as soon as I started that first beer I knew I was going to get loaded which I did.  I picked up an 18 pack on the way home and started downward spiral again.  I wasted 140 days of sobriety.  Now fast forward a couple of months and not a day has gone by that I haven't had a drink...So yesterday at work I was thinking to myself that I need to taper my drinking down maybe I won't drink too much while I watch Monday Night Football.  I thought  I'll only have 6-7 beers  which in the back of my mind I knew would turn into 12-15.  Then I stumbled on a post that contained a link to /r/stopdrinking and I started reading all the other stories of people who are dealing with what I am dealing with.  After reading for what seemed like hours I knew I wasn't going to pick up that 18 pack on the way home and I didn't..Today is day 2 of my latest adventure and this time I hope I won't trick myself into thinking that it will be ok if I only have a couple of drinks.  It just won't work for me anymore and I hope I can look back on these past few months (from what I can remember) and use it as a learning experience for me...Thanks for letting me ramble and hopefully I can check back in here with good news..
----------immediate responses--------

