-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lcyh0/on_the_aa_vs_nonaa_debate/

Hi guys..I've noticed the 12-step vs non-12-step debate flaring up in a couple places and while I think it's great that people are so passionately engaged in their recovery I just want to take a moment to ask that everyone make an extra effort in these discussions to be respectful of everyone else's process...This subreddit is a place for everyone to receive support and feedback and share what's working for them *no matter what method they are using to get sober.*..Everyone should feel comfortable coming here whether they read the Allen Carr book attend weekly AA meetings are in a medically supervised detox facility or have retreated to a mountaintop for 12 years of silent mediation. *Everyone* is welcome and everyone is entitled to share their process without getting into a debate about it. ..If someone is using a method and it's healthy and it's working for them don't get in an argument with them about philosophy. Give them some encouragement and share a relevant experience from your process! That way everyone wins. Even if you are using different methods there are things to be learned from each other...If you really can't stand the thought of someone using a particular method then find another person who you relate to better and share your insights with them. There's enough of us here all struggling through that we don't need to spend time tearing someone down...This isn't meant to shut down discussion entirely because certainly there's room for a bit of honest debate. I just want to make sure that it's conducted in a respectable fashion and that we continue to maintain the supportive encouraging atmosphere that's made this subreddit such a valuable and welcoming place to come for support...Thanks guys!..-Franks2000inchTV
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; have retreated to a mountaintop for 12 years of silent mediation...Where do I sign up for that?  ..I completely agree. Regardless of the method we all have a common goal.
I think people should do what works best for them. It might not be their favorite thing but it needs to be the thing that works. Unfortunately all 12 step programs and most addiction treatment has a low percentage of long clean/sober times. The full success rate is low but I don't think people need to focus on people with 10 20 or 30 years of time. I think they need to focus on the fact that while trying to treat addiction/alcoholism the programs and other methods of staying clean offer a reprieve. I've seen people like myself come in and out with multiple years clean at a time go back out and then come back again for multiple years. In my mind the time abstaining is the important thing to focus on here. For me it was great that I had 6 years of no substance abuse. It was certainly better than not attending a twelve step program or other method of treatment and just using the whole time. Who knows how many years it help add to my life not being in active addiction...I don't think there is any true answer on how to stay clean/sober but I do believe there are many tools out there to help people that are willing and able to give up the pain of addiction even if they only manage to do it for awhile. I do believe some methods are more effective than others but I also believe that to be true for each person individually and not for everyone collectively. What works for me might not work for you and vice versa. ..That being said I think rather than people arguing over whose program or method is better they need to focus on the common goal we all have as addicts and alcoholics; recovery. As selfish as it might seem I'm going to do what I have to do for me because if I don't put myself first in recovery I will never be able to help anyone else. I honestly think the true answer to what it takes for people to stay clean/sober is desire and willingness. No method or program can ever teach you those two things it's something you have to feel for yourself.
I appreciate you saying this Frank but as I have mentioned before I feel that choosing one method over another is going to create a debate no matter what.  This is why I wish we didn't list the Carr book as the "official" book of this subreddit.  I haven't read it and I don't plan to in the near future.  I wish instead we had something in the sidebar about "Recommended Methods" or something similar.  So we could mention Carr we could mention AA we could mention other resources.  This would provide our readers with more options and information and it would do something to dispel the notion that we are in fact recommending the Carr book over the AA solution.
i'm an alkie in AA....there's an old guy in my meetings who says this whenever someone goes somewhere else for recovery - 'whatever works'.   he doesn't care HOW you get sober he just cares that you DO get sober. 
Well said Frank. I'm reluctant to borrow a phrase from a certain program but I strongly agree with it: we should share experience strength and hope. The first word is operative - experience. Not opinions .studies and supporting data - just experience...Stuff I like: Tell us how you did it. Tell us what's working today. Tell us how you handled a similar experience or problem. ..Stuff I hate: "Yoir favorite recovery method sucks." Even if well intentioned. Even with supporting data. Just tell us about your method don't opine on mine. If I keep hearing about how it's changed your life and continues to do so maybe I'll take a look at it. ..But it will be based on what's evident in your life not on what .evidence you can google for...*edit: iPhone nuff said*
Find the similarities not the differences. :)
Bravo.  ..It's enough of a journey without people making you doubt the route you are taking.  The important thing is getting there.
Well said I completely agree! 
I agree too that we should all strive for a respectful atmosphere here even though I have at times failed to live up to that ideal...(I've failed to mention in the past that I *really* suck at being a Buddhist... but I'm learning I hope.)..I've been "on the fence" about some of what I hear in AA even though I've been in it and sober for a few years now.  When I do get to meetings now and then I hope to remember to mention some of these things partly to share them and partly so that I'll remember:..* Take what you like and leave the rest...* AA doesn't claim to have a monopoly on sobriety.  If something else works for you go for it... or you can do both...* We neither support nor oppose any causes or "outside issues."..* The first tradition is all about unity and I think it's #1 for a reason.
Yeah an intellectual debate over the strengths and weaknesses of each program should be secondary to helping each other and opening up etc...This is also why I don't engage in debates about the atheism/religious aspect of AA...intellectualizing things doesn't help keep be sober. It's about action DOING...
&gt;I've noticed the 12-step vs non-12-step debate flaring up in a couple places ..I started [one of those places](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lbb1i/you_can_stop_you_can_stop_without_aa_i_made_the/). I'm new to this subreddit. I came from another [recovery subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/REDDITORSINRECOVERY/) that was 90% AA. Anytime I'd offer support to someone there and mention that you can sober up without AA my post would get down voted to negative numbers. So after 700+ days of subscribing there I left and came here...I come with baggage. I got sick of seeing my support cast away and I brought that bitterness with me. My bad. I just got feed up with some Jesus-freak preaching to me about how I'm not TrueSober  unless I'm Jesus  Brand Sober...I want to stay sober. I want to help others get sober.
Thank you for posting this. For some people AA is the answer. For me it wasn't. It was too preachy and and too focused on "this is the only answer" the same things that drove me away from religion...If AA works for you awesome. I'm not going to complain that someone found sobriety. If not that's fine too...I'm a little sick of the posts that say AA is the only way. What works for you that is the only way. To loosely quote (it) doesn't matter if (it's) the Allen Carr book attending weekly AA meetings are in a medically supervised detox facility or have retreated to a mountaintop for 12 years of silent mediation. Either way we are all people with the same goal.../rant
Thanks for this franks2000inchtv!..The longer that I am sober the more glaringly obvious it is that the debate between AA and SOS or reading books isn't really the point. ..The point is not drinking at any cost. Whatever you've done today to not drink share this! Whether you had a spiritual awakening or a fantastic walk in the rain or the best day indoors tell us!..As said elsewhere we have a common goal. Stop drinking. We don't need to trivialize and try to tear each other down.
As always I'm late to the party but I will echo what's already been said:..Whatever works that's great. Sobriety -- or control -- is a process rather than a destination.  Criticizing something that doesn't work for me in a forum like this is nothing in comparison with helping others with what does work personally...
