-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lm66a/craving_dreams/

I'm sorry if this isn't clear but I'm referring to dreams in which you either do or seek drugs or alcohol.  For my part (I struggle mostly with opiates and alcohol--today's 28 days I've been free of both) I had a dream where I was trying to score some heroin on friday and spent all of yesterday craving it.  I've had similar ones about drinking as well...Now normally when I'm having a craving I can interrupt it before it develops into full-blown fiending but when I'm going on a long quest while dreaming it's like the addictive seeking behavior has already started and it's much harder to shake...Does anyone else experience this or have problems dealing with it?  
----------immediate responses--------

I sometimes dream that I'm tricked into drinking or drink by mistake and think "Oh well I already broke it..." and go on a binge...Feel really guilty waking up the next morning but at the same time relieved they were dreams but don't have any cravings or anything after it.
I've heard lots of people with years of sobriety saying that they sometimes still get craving and using dreams...I think it's pretty normal. From my experience at least I have these dreams about once every two weeks. I welcome them. I don't really know the purpose of dreams why they come about why we use in them etc...but for me they speak volumes about what is going on in my head. ..I can somewhat control my dreams (I'm a lucid dreamer) but yours must be scary because you can't really do anything about the outcome. Talk about them write about them. That might help you tease out what's going on in your conscious world...I usually dream that I am buying wine or vodka and hiding bottles all over my house or a cottage. I'm always dropping the bottles and everyone notices then I feel this overwhelming sense of GUILT SHAME and FEAR. This is ok. It's only in my dreams. It reminds me what would happen if I picked up and used again...Your brain is "wacky" (very scientific way of saying it) in the first year of getting clean and sober. Don't worry too much about the dreams. Just enjoy sobriety when you wake up and realize it was not real.
I have experienced something similar but not exactly the same ever since I quit. I drink in a dream. When I first quit I would enjoy the dream drinking and wake up feeling guilty and awful about it. Now when I dream drink I feel bad about it right away in the dream. I think the most recent dream drinking involved me giving myself a dream pep talk "this was just a slip-up it doesn't mean you have to start again" in the dream itself. I can't even enjoy a drink in a dream anymore! I understand these dreams are very common...My question for you is how do you feel when you wake up from one of these dreams?
I used to have drinking dreams occasionally and there was always a reason in my dream as to why it was "okay".  Then I'd wake up and feel horribly guilty thinking I must be blowing my sobriety somehow...Several years passed without any and then I had another drinking dream.  I was very concerned and asked a friend in AA if I should be on the watch for anything.  He said I should just enjoy it--as an alcoholic it's "normal" for me to dream about it.
[deleted]
A few weeks ago I woke up in the middle of the night because I thought I had drank and had totaled a car. I got up and looked outside. The car I was looking for I crashed drunk 4 years ago when I was living on the other side of the country. Dreams are wicked powerful.
Dreams are just our mind rehashing what's going on in our heads over the course of the day...When trying to analyse dreams it's important is to note how you felt about what was happening in your dream. If you were searching for heroin and it was frightening that can actually be a good thing because it means you don't really want to do it. If the dream is actually a nightmare that's could be a positive thing. It means emotionally you react negatively to the idea of doing drugs...There's lots of changes happening in your life and in your brain right now so some of that subconscious shifting is gonna manifest itself in your dream.. .If you were having dreams where using was a positive thing then that's something you want to be careful about. But if they're "bad dreams" then they could be a sign you're doing everything right...The most important thing though is what happens when you wake up! A craving when you wake up is just the same as any other craving so use your strategies! ..It sounds like you've done everything right so far. So keep it up! Is there a way to incorporate the dreams into your recovery?..Maybe if you have a using dream your brain is giving you a signal that you should do a bit of extra work on your recovery that day. Use it as a cue to double down on sobriety!
