-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/lyovw/five_years_ago/

I was a terrified nearly homeless waste of a man. The jig was up- I had drunk myself out of money time excuses. The kindness and understanding of others had completely disappeared. I was drinking half a fifth of vodka and a six pack of pounders a day. For starters. I got the shakes and dry heaves every day and each month I was deeper in debt than I was the month before. My cheeks were filled with burst blood vessels and I yelled a lot. I was fucked and I knew it. I remember the day my wife kicked me out sitting on top of a hill that overlooks my town and pondering where I would park my car at night to safely sleep in it. If I did that then I wouldn't have to face quitting. ..Today I have a killer job that I have not missed one day of a daughter who can't remember what drunk dad looks like or acts like and I have friends upon whose carpets I have never puked. My bills are paid on time and my credit is almost completely repaired. I've lost 40 pounds and my splotchy complexion is all cleared up. But best of all I have my confidence and easy charm back. I don't hate people or social situations any more. A friend wrote to me this morning that she has enjoyed seeing my "loving and kind soul emerge strong and smiling with your crazy personality still intact." Me. Weird. ..If you are struggling right now afraid to drink but more afraid to quit just know it doesn't always have to be that way. There is help and there are answers. And it gets easier...Five years ago I quit drinking....**tl;dr Nearly fucked up entire life; pulled head out of ass just in time**......
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. Thanks for the inspiring story!..I'm starting to meet a lot of new people through my job and it's really rewarding to know they see a motivated healthy go-getter and not the slacker drunk I used to be...It's changing how I see myself too. I'm more confident I'm energetic and engaged. I actually feel like I'm worth listening to for once...I can't imagine how different my life is going to be in five years. I can only hope that I'm able to see this through and to live up to your example! :D
Good for you man. Can I ask how old you were when you quit?
[deleted]
Thanks man.  Inspirational.  You made cynical me get misty-eyed. Hope is a beautiful thing.
Thanks for sharing; nicely done!
Minus the wife part you pretty much shared my story as well.  Congrats on the 5 years and here's to many more!
Sounds like your cured..Keep coming back.
Very inspiring story thanks! It sounds like you have a good memory of the where you where before you got sober. Do you use a support group or anything to remind you of how quickly you can fall back to that? What I mean is when life is good it seems like it would be pretty easy to stay on track - why screw up a good thing. I assume over the five years it must not have been all roses and that's the part that concerns me. What did you do when illness death finances relationships etc. made it seem like you didn't really anything to lose anyway so why not drink?
&gt; A friend wrote to me this morning that she has enjoyed seeing my "loving and kind soul emerge strong and smiling with your crazy personality still intact."..That's beautiful mrSalamander. You have great friends...Congrats!
I love the part about having friends on whose carpets you've never puked.  I too take pride in the fact that there are some people I know now who have never seen me drunk.  And I am even happier about the fact that my kids won't have any memories of the time Dad got drunk and this or that horrible thing... those kinds of events can linger for generations.  I remember once my mother commented on how pretty my grandmother looked *in a picture of her in her First Communion dress.  My grandmother who at the time was in her seventies began to cry and said that was the worst day of her life.  Her father had gotten extremely drunk and had terrified the whole family with his ranting for days.  It's incredible that seventy years later that memory was still as fresh for her as the day it happened.  Incredible and deeply sad...I have lots of family stories like that unfortunately.  I hope to put an end to them with this generation.
Congratulations. People like you make people like me feel hope.
It's so cool people with good sober time are posting such positive stuff here! It really does a lot of good for me while I'm still trying to get my footing in sobriety. Thanks!
I am five months sober and have some new friends who have never seen me drunk. Recovery friends are really something else. I've never truly had this kind of support before...Thanks for sharing. Good job pulling your head out of your ass.
Thanks for sharing!!  its amazing how much my life has changed  in the 15 months I have been sober my sponsor's 5th birthday is today as well! Congrats man.  you are an inspiration :)
