-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/mtynp/this_is_a_very_dark_time_in_my_life/

It's time. I have to tell someone about my problem. I don't know what to expect but I would love some feedback from you guys. I am a 25 year old male. I have been drinking and taking drugs since I was 18. My girlfriend and I recently broke up partially due to my drinking problem. I can't remember the last day that I didn't have a drink. Most days I have at least 5 drinks but every couple of days I have about 10-15 drinks. My body has started showing the physical effects of the years of abuse I have subjected it to. My health is shit and I know that I won't live much longer if continue to abuse alcohol. I honestly feel like I am dying. I am not quite sure why I drink as much as I do. I live a good life. I am a student and I really enjoy my studies. I don't hate my job. So why can't I just drive past the liquor store on my way home? I feel so weak mentally and physically. I tell myself every day that I have to put an end to this foolishness and still here I sit spilling my soul with a beer in hand. Thanks for listening...Edit: I want to thank everyone for your support advice and for sharing the struggles that you have gone or are going through. You all have encouraged me to seek my own path to sobriety. I really do appreciate all of you. Keep up the love friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the subreddit...Do you consider yourself an alcoholic? Do you want to quit drinking?
Well I suppose you could come up with some "healthy drinking guideline" based on some research.  I think men aren't supposed to drink more than 2 drinks a day and more than 4 is considered a 'binge'.  ....I know lots of normal drinkers drink heavier than that but they would be able to cut down to that amount if their doctor told them so or if they were on a diet etc.  ...If you can't stick to a plan like that you should really give it a go with quitting.  Good luck :)
read through lots of the old posts lots of good info there.  im trying to get sober again and i really feel that reading whats here has given an edge i didnt have before.  good luck. and just cause today sucked doesnt mean tomorrow has to.
Same story. 25 just broke up with my ex-girlfriend. It wasn't all drinking by any means but it was definitely part of it. I know the dark feeling. I know waking up at ungodly hours not remember what happened. I've lost days to this shit. First thing you know it's Thursday and the next thing you know it's Sunday you're alone in your apartment with your own devices... and nobody's called you all three days. It's the lonliest darkest coldest fucking feeling on the planet. I'm not going to preach to you to what you should have to do. I'm literally only a day clean but I can tell you that getting up today staying busy and going to two meetings made me feel a whole shit load better. Just ask yourself this what have you got to lose?..edit: as we appear in the same boat feel free to shoot me a pm if you need anyone to talk to 
[deleted]
&gt;I am not quite sure why I drink as much as I do. ..Hey man--friendly voice here.  It doesn't matter why you drink.  I spent years trying to figure that out and assigned all kinds of blame.  In the end... it just doesn't matter why.  The only thing that is significant is that you drink.  And if you stop drinking that shitty feeling you have which I know very very very well will go away.  Your worst day sober will be better than your best day drunk.  Stick around.  We're rooting for you.
Day 2 for me and the only thing keeping me away from the scotch tonight was this fucking badge.  ..I'm not going to discrace myself and sully the meaning of this new number by going against what I came here for.  ..Ask for a badge and fight for your right to keep it.
&gt; So why can't I just drive past the liquor store on my way home? I feel so weak mentally and physically. ..I would like to re-post what I wrote a few days ago for somebody else hope it helps. .."When I realized drinking was ruining my life and I tried to stop I also found myself buying (and drinking) booze for no good reason. It seemed insane to me that I was deliberately destroying myself and was helpless to stop it...My eventual realization was that the reason that I kept returning to drinking despite every effort to moderate or quit was that *drinking was not my problem*. What drinking had become was *my solution* to my perceived problems. Drink was my relief valve for every kind of pressure; social emotional and mental...Quitting didn't work because I was leaving myself with no solution for the pressure I was under. So I drank...What recovery has become is a journey to find new solutions to the same old problems I've always faced; this time the solutions are lasting and real instead of temporary and false."
