-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/n019r/something_i_am_pondering_today/

Hello!..I had a curious thought today that I'd like to share and get some feedback on...I've noticed that when I have dreams about relapsing it's always a worst-case scenario. That is I go back to the hiding the secrecy the lying and dishonesty that characterized my drinking. I'm wondering like...my addict has not become calmer. I don't think it has changed much. When I think about if I ever go back out I have a feeling that my addict will totally take over again. When I hear about people's relapse and they just have one night of drinking or something I worry because I feel that my addict has not changed...it's still the beast that it was before...The difference is I don't live with my addict anymore I live with recovery. My recovery voice is very strong. But my addict still tells me if I ever went back out it would just be as bad. ..Is this normal? I hope I am getting my thought across in the right way. I know that this post was not me living in the present but it's got me concerned so it's worthy of bringing up. I'll be talking to my counsellor about it for sure.
----------immediate responses--------

Dreams about drinking were common early in my early sobriety. The common theme to literally **every** drinking dream that I had was that I has lying about my sobriety and had been drinking the whole time and hiding it. In my dreams that made my drinking OK since nobody knew...&gt;When I think about if I ever go back out I have a feeling that my addict will totally take over again. ..Embrace this feeling. It is likely true...I have no illusions about about my inner addict taking over again. I absolutely believe that should I drink again I would be on my way to the liquor store as soon as I finished that first drink. I have a very real and probably healthy fear that I may never draw another sober breath should I start drinking again. I know that I have another drunk in me. I fear that I don't have another recovery...Reading your posts reminds me of myself early in sobriety. I think you are doing all the right things and you should feel good about your recovery. You provide an inspiration for others coming to this subreddit. Keep it up...
I am not a therapist but I grew up around them and I've read a lot of literature about various kinds of psychology and psychiatry.  So I might approach this from the perspective of Edmund Bergler's work which I have found very helpful in understanding my own inner workings...Bergler might suggest that what you call your inner "addict" which is the part of you responsible for self-destruction feels alive and well because you are still in the early stages of accepting the fact that a part of you did this to yourself and you are feeling revulsion and horror at it.  (As we all do I think when we think about our drinking days.)  But he would go a step further and say that the addict's current work seems to involve committing what might feel like an act of psychological torture on you by constantly reminding you of how you used to be even in dreams.  This self-torture is the work of a part of the psyche called the "daemon" (*not to be confused with an actual demon!) the punisher the voice that chastises you for your wrongs real or imagined and constantly repeats it in a vicious mental cycle called a complex.  The end result of this is continued mental suffering...So the work you have to engage in now is recognizing that voice for what it is namely the unconscious part of yourself that delights in self-torture (whether through drinking drugs constant reminders of "how bad you used to be" etc.) and begin the work of integrating it and controlling it.  This is accomplished by recognizing the voice when it pops up and becoming aware that it is trying to control your situation or your perspective.  Little by little you get better at this.  ..You made a huge leap by stopping your abuse of alcohol but the inner addict doesn't just wither and die because it isn't being fed booze any more.  It's still there inside all of us but we can tame it and shrink it until it no longer controls our lives.  Once we stop drinking we have an incredible opportunity to come to a new understanding of ourselves and how we operate.  This is where you are now--in a place of huge potential and promise.  Now that we have stopped drinking we can begin the lifelong process of self-exploration that will gradually bring us to a higher level of consciousness.  And we do this simply by becoming more self-aware.
I haven't had any dreams about relapsing from my sobriety but when I quit smoking all I did was dream about different scenarios in which I would cheat on my desire to quit smoking. It took about a year before those dreams stopped but it sort of prepared me for how I would handle those situations when a chance became available for me to smoke and not have anyone find out. Good Luck and stay strong.
I nodded off on the couch this morning watching a football game and dreamed that I was drinking a beer. When I woke up and football was on it freaked me out because for a second or two I wasn't sure if it actually happened.
I have certainly experienced this.  Just last week I was outside a dream bar looking at the door and knowing I would open it -- which I did. I of course decided on just one drink which led to many.  So there I am sitting drunk in the dream bar feeling like shit about myself and not even knowing where the hell I am and wondering how I'm going to get back to where I live when it dawned on me that I'd never been here...ever. Not even now. (Damn. I sound like Jack Nicholson in The Shining...)..That's when it dawned on me that I was dreaming. I reminded myself I didn't want to be there and went back to sleep...So yeah: I agree that it's "normal" but I don't fear that person -- the drinker -- taking over again. I'm learning to silence his pitiful whining as long as I hear him talking when it's just a whisper. I can't yell at him -- he's me after all -- but I can put him elsewhere.  ..To me it's a Yin-Yang thing. I can't deny or remove these parts of my personality and behavior but this is the guy at the helm. Me. Right now...tl;dr  abuseguy reveals he knows little about Asian philosophy. ....
I have no doubt whatsoever that my addict is alive and well and just waiting for any tiny little slip-up to take over my life again...I still have drinking dreams on occasion although not as often as in the first 90 days of my sobriety. In them I am not trying to hide my drinking but I act much as I did when I was drinking. I have that "yeah I'm drinking and if you don't like it you can go f*** yourself" attitude...I usually call my sponsor after having such dreams. I know that these dreams are common and harmless but they are still scary.
[deleted]
In a meeting this was being discussed.  And they say alcoholism progresses even if you aren't drinking. And if you pick up you will fall back into place as if you had been drinking during sobriety. ..Someone said "right now my alcoholism is out in the parking lot doing pushups just waiting for me to fuck up". That has always stuck with me.
Reminds me of "Demon Seed" by Nine Inch Nails (off of The Slip - it's free at NIN.com if you're curious).  I think of this very thing every time I hear that song.  ..I haven't been out of the bottle long enough to give you anything helpful but good luck with winning your battles.
I can totally relate to this and so sorry to hear about the intense relapse-dreams! I don't have many of them but have certainly unleashed the demon a few times in the past after long periods of sobriety. The most intense one was opiates not booze and was a time where my sober self was quite angelic. Meditating juicing exercising great relationships etc but then some heavy stuff went down in my family life and I slipped up. Demon:Unleashed and it was truly like another personality came out of me... a gluttonous selfish self-medicating isolationist. :-(..I think that it may be hidden quite deep within our subconscious or something and quite challenging to access within our waking life. I have suspected that hypnotherapy might help. I know people are skeptical of it and you DEFINITELY want to find someone who is highly regarded referred by close friends etc but perhaps that is a way to access the demon and get it to calm the fuck down(?) I had a FANTASTIC few sessions with a phd level psychologist hypnotherapist a few years ago re: anxiety. It really helped! And it wasn't like I wasn't aware of what was going on more like a very calm/meditative trance state...One of the things that I've noticed highly influences my dreams is what I read before sleeping. There is a fantastic book called "The Tibetan Yogas of Dream and Sleep" which teaches us to have increased lucidity and awareness while in the dream state. That's a fun one! Also all the Robert Monroe books about "Out of Body Experiences" can lead to some freaky dreams. I don't personally believe anymore that you are actually leaving your body but the trippy dreams that you are can be wild! :D..TL;DR If having relapse nightmares considering reading some freaky books in the hours before sleep!! :D
I used to have relapse dreams when I first started that would involve drinking and have a grand old time. I would wake up upset and disappointed. ..Then after a while sober I would have relapse dreams where I would get drunk and things would go awfully wrong and I would be upset and disappointed in the dream. Then wake up and have to remember that it hadn't happened...Now I have relapse dreams where I just have a drink or two and nothing crazy happens but I am immediately upset and disappointed in the dream. Then I wake up and have to remind myself it was only a dream. ..In other words my sober mind won't even let my drunk mind enjoy a single dream beer anymore. I like to think it's progress. I don't in any way think it means I could ever drink sanely and I don't plan to find out. I think the progress is that the idea of drinking has become so foreign that the sober mind has so much more control than the drunk mind does now. ..I like to think that any period of examined purposeful sobriety will change you for the better. Even if one does relapse you know exactly what you're doing. That's what it sounds like when I hear people talk about their relapses. ..I think what you're going through is normal and I think its healthy and helpful to remember that it would be just as bad (or worse) if you ever picked up again. It's good to have a reminder why you need to keep making the choice to live sober each day.
My recent 1-day lapse was attended by the fear of my addict though. I don't think we are so different (except that I still want to be able to safely drink socially).
I only get those dreams when im doing something or acting in a way that would have led me to drink in the first place. If I am to avoid something or begin to construct a false sense of self I'll get a full blown relapse dream with the hangover in the morning included. I dont feel as though it is the addict lurking in the background rather it's sitting right there with me the whole time right in front of my face daring me to keep walking down that path. That demon is not the demon of addiction. Its far to easy to label it as such. It's the demon of self destruction and it manifests itself in many ways from dreams to eating habits self talk perceived and projected images of self. I must be constantly vigilant checking myself when these things occur and be rigorously honest with myself as to why i had relapse dreams...6 months is a scary time in sobriety. I felt so good the first time I hit the six month mark. I had never been in better shape and my lifestyle had vastly changed. Due to my arrogance I thought I was home free and paid little attention to the warning signs of the dreams but eventually it caught up with me...My advice valid or not is to step away from the abstract of "the addict inside of me" and ask yourself whats wrong. Usually the dreams go away when addressing those simple things and just because somethings simple doesn't mean its easy...happy 24
I had terrible dreams for the first three years. I haven't had any at all since my relapse and current recovery. I suppose it just takes a ages for my squirrel brain to figure out what's going on. 
