-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/nakst/a_question_for_the_aa_folks/

About a month ago I posted about my not-so-great experiences with AA and pretty much wrote it off as not being for me...However...right now I want/need a *physical* reminder of my sobriety. Like something I can carry around with me so that when I'm struggling I can pull it out and remind myself that this (sobriety) is worth fighting for...So even though I have been sober for more than 24 hours I want to go to a meeting and get a 24-hour chip. I don't want anything longer than that because it's a one-day commitment I can remind myself I've made...Is this a good idea or a bad idea? Would it even be acceptable to do this?
----------immediate responses--------

I think it would be perfectly acceptable to do that.  AA'ers want you to get sober.  They don't care if you join the club or not.  There's a saying -- I don't remember it verbatim -- but it's something to the effect of "take what you need (from the program) and leave the rest."  If a 24 hour chip is going to help you on your journey to sobriety and that's all you need from the AA program the people at the meeting will be more than happy to help you out.  
[deleted]
It's 100% acceptable. I go to a nearby meeting to the tune of once per 2 weeks or so on my chip days and off-chip days. It always gives me a reminder of the hope in the rooms and that I am strong enough to keep from drinking.
Oh heck yeah.  Chips in my pocket saved my ass more than once...And if by some weird chance you go to a meeting that tries to set any other sort of qualification on picking up a 24 hour chip besides having a desire to stop drinking *go to another meeting.*  ..Remember that every AA group is autonomous which means that they make their own format.  I had to go to several *dozen* different AA meetings before I found meetings that made me comfortable and had people I could relate to.
Go for it...this is weird I know but I keep my last four in my pocket all the time.
Ya I'm wondering about this too. I really want to pick up a six month chip when I get there but I haven't been to any meetings in a few months. I know it's silly - I have remained sober after all - but I wonder if I'll get any funny looks. Probably just my bad thinking kicking in again to keep me from something I want.
The only requirement for membership is a *desire* to stop drinking.
Why not just head to your local AA inter-office and buy a 24-hour chip there?  Or just order one online?  ..The chips/coins aren't property of AA or anything.  There's actually many independent manufacturers that AA groups buy them from...It's too bad you live in the bible belt.  There's not a single bible thumping meeting out of 60+ each week in the city I live in here in the upper mid-west.
[deleted]
Excellent idea...I would also recommend picking up a copy of the Big Book. Even if you have no interest in joining AA that book has a wealth of good information about alcoholism and alcoholics. Some parts you may not agree with and that is fine. But I highly recommend reading Chapter 3 "More About Alcoholism".
a very good idea.
