-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/nihg8/thanks_for_not_giving_up_on_me/

A special thanks to VictoriaElaine Ambivalent_Fanatic chandler1224 and roncv26.  You all made me realize that I was being weak and giving into something that had no positive outcome...Without you guys I would have relapsed.  Now i'm 21 Days into this.  Also had a frank conversation with the wife and she's absolutely on board and setting up rewards for days : ).  She's the most awesome woman ever : )...Just wanted to say thanks for not giving up on me and I wanted you to know your words don't disappear into the ether...Thanks so much!!!!!!..
----------immediate responses--------

Having that spousal support means everything! This is a great group. Congratulations!
Congratulations on 3 weeks! It's a great thing you found this little sliver of Reddit and how amazingly positive and supportive it is. 
yes!   it's amazing to me that strangers that you will probably never meet have had a positive effect on a life they will never see. I've been coming to this site for under a year and this sub reddit for even less time. Seeing shit like this makes me feel great. Reassurance that there is good in this world.   ..good luck my friend your wife sounds like an awesome woman and to have support like that is just fantastic. .
Great job! The people here are awesome.
[deleted]
Keep up the good work! Remind yourself of the bad times of your drinking days and what will happen if you start again...It's easy for me to only think of the good effects of alcohol when there is temptation. That reminder in the back of my head is always there to remove the sugar coating and see what truly comes from drinking!
Great job on 3 weeks! Woohoo!..Glad your wife is supportive. That can make a huge difference.
Amazing so happy for your 21 days :) and I am relieved to see you back here and committing to sobriety today. It's not always easy but it's worth it. Thank YOU for coming and being honest with us and what you were thinking because it's a huge leap in maturity and growth.
Thank You!
