-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/nsp06/struggling_need_support/

I'm posting this now because I won't have time to tomorrow so yeah it may be a little early but I...am doubting myself and can use all the support I can get right now...Tomorrow I get on a plane and go back to home territory. I'm afraid of going back and somehow losing all the knowledge I've gained here and offline and picking up the old ungood habits again...Relapse prevention sheet is a check so is reading some recovery-based literature since it is IMPOSSIBLE for me to get to a meeting right now (believe you me I want to but I'm up to my ears in getting people and things organized cleaned packed and prepared) and remembering that I can do this and get through this. ..I know I can do the right thing and turn this corner and stay on the right path that keeps me sober and in recovery but I am doubting myself so much right now...I need support encouragement kindness something to keep my head where it needs to be.
----------immediate responses--------

shit man im not the best at advice but i guess try to stay around the best friends u got people who dont get wasted all the time and/or are down with the idea of u being clean if u have good friends like that. another good thing to keep in mind is that cravings will pass. the hard part is when u experience cravings they feel like they will never go away but if u stick with it they do. im only 8 days clean right now so im trying to tell myself the same things. :)
also i play a lot of starcraft 2 that keeps my mind away lol :)
Do you have any supportive friends and family you can call? Also taking care of yourself physically (healthy food plenty of rest) is important. And I get a lot of benefit from prayer and meditation although I know not everyone is into that kind of thing. I have absolute faith in your ability to stay sober. Check in with us when you can.
[deleted]
There is no reason to doubt yourself nothing has happened yet. You're nervous about the move and a little uncomfortable that's understandable. Don't turn it into an excuse to question your sobriety or the strength of your resolve. You can get and stay sober almost anywhere as long as your head is in the right place. You can do this. Get plugged in to the right people as soon as you get there avoid old people places and things. Make a new life for yourself as soon as your feet hit the ground don't settle for remaking the one you had there. And check in with us and let us know how it's going. 
Whenever I get afraid of something or "afeared" as you probably say in the Bible Belt :) I ask myself just what it is in this moment I'm worried about.  In this moment the answer is invariably "Nothing" unless in that moment I happen to be getting chased down the street by coyotes.  (This rarely happens to me.)  ..I also think it's pretty common among people who are in the process of getting sober to worry that their dark side is going to overtake their light side.  You just have to remember that you are in fact the one who decides what happens and by you I mean your conscious made-of-light self.  It's only when this self gives up that the dark side can take over.  It won't just happen.  It IS something you can control.  I know you've had relapses and it sounds like you are worrying that you are going to relapse again.  Just remember that relapses aren't things that just happen out of nowhere.  They happen when we decide to make them happen.  We can also decide not to relapse.  If you decide today that you will not relapse today then you will not relapse today.  Can you write this on a sticky note and put it on your bathroom mirror so it's the first thing you see tomorrow morning?
When I get stressed out or start to be in situations where I'm going to be tested I go right back to my basics. For me that's making sure I stay hydrated and have lots of non-alcoholic beverages on hand connecting to the subreddit as often as possible taking deep breaths and doing a self-check-in now and again...Also if you're worried about a situation then make plans! You're going to a place you know pretty well so you've got a good idea of what the risk factors are going to be. What can you do to avoid them? Maybe pick out safe places to eat for the first couple weeks. Figure out routes to avoid going past liquor stores. Fill your calendar up with activities so you don't have free time to get tempted...Having some plans will really help you feel in control of the situation and if you do them right will keep you from even being tempted...You can do this dalek!! :D 
[deleted]
