-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/nutlx/almost_sixty_days/

Sober for almost sixty days!.Suffering from major cravings feeling completely weak major headaches and also developed a minor case of insomnia with about 2hours of sleep per night the last two weeks.  Not sure if any of this is "withdrawls" or just winter messing with me..**BUT** and this is a pretty big but I have received two raises my first bonus  been able to run/jog a whole hour longer before calling it quits and life just seems to be *beautiful*...TL;DR- Still struggling but starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes this is withdrawal though I'm surprised it's hitting this late--fatigue headaches etc. are a normal part of quitting.  I guess everyone's body is different.  Congrats on these major steps forward though--you have seen some great rewards in a short time.  GREAT reinforcement for your decision!  
It could be winter messing with you winter brings a very harsh light cycle and your body might be slipping out of its circadian rhythm that's where melatonin supplementation can help.  I usually take half a pill an hour before bedtime.
It's really helpful to make a point to get outside and get direct sunlight for 30 minutes every day in the winter. Between the cold and very short days it's easy to miss out on sunlight. When you do it really screws with your sleep...Also are you getting enough liquids? I think a lot of people quit drinking alcohol and forget to increase water intake. Headaches and irritability can be related to dehydration. ..Go see a doctor if you can. They can check if your drinking or withdrawal has caused any problems that need treatment. 
What is your bedtime routine? Lack of sleep could easily be causing everything you describe. I found that I needed to relearn how to sleep properly without alcohol. Things that tripped me up at first included:..1. Watching TV or using a computer right before bed. The extra mental activity coupled with direct light/melatonin feedback made it difficult to sleep right after...2. Not putting aside think time during the day. If I ran myself busy all day then I would tend to do the planning reflecting worrying at night in bed...3. Lack or exercise. Sounds like that might not be an issue for you but I've heard time of day can make a big difference...4. Ear plugs. Seriously. It turns out I'm a really light sleeper when I'm sober (who knew?) and I had difficulty getting to sleep and/or wake cycles from any slightest noise...5. Eating. I cut out any heavy snacking after dinner especially proteins like jerky etc. This was based on an article I read and didn't believe but digestion really can through off your circadian a bit...Anyway might not be sleep by itself but I'd bet working on better sleep would at least help the other issues.
it will pass. congrats on almost 6o  days. it only gets better.
