-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/nznxf/ive_had_a_crazy_weekend_just_got_back_from_the_er/

I already wrote a whole link and posted it in the stopsmoking sub. I think it belongs here though...>I just got back from the ER a few hours ago. I may an ulcer. They gave me some anxiety drugs and I'm a little out of it right now...>Im a young alcoholic. I've been drinking almost every day for 8-9 months...>For the last couple of months I've started binge drinking. I usually drink straight cheap whiskey. I go through a 5th in a single sitting. Two 5ths in a single weekend...>I think I got the alcohol on Wednesday or Thursday. A half gallon of Bacardi Gold and a case of Natural Ice. Its Monday now and I have one beer left a maybe 4-5 swigs of the Rum left. Every Night I was drinking to the point of complete intoxication. I could barely walk barely talk and eventually pass out. Wake up to a shot another beer and start the night again...>I don't wanna die young. That's where I am heading though. I keep doing this shit to me I will die. Maybe in the hospital after organ failure or maybe in my room choking on my vomit. It's inevitable. Unless I quit. Thats what I'm planning on doing...>I have a doctors appointment. I'm hoping I can score some benzo's. They will help. I took them before I was an alcoholic but the flipside is I will surely break down and start abusing them again. I took klonopin for about a year and half. I wasn't just using my prescription. I was also using my friends. I quit taking them for same reason I'm going to quit drinking...>I'm also going to stop smoking too. Not all at once though. I need rules or else I will surely break down an relapse...>Any thoughts? I'm new here....Any thoughts? Do you think I should try to cut back or quit cold turkey? Is cutting back even possible?
----------immediate responses--------

I think you should quit completely. It doesn't sound to me like "cutting back" is a realistic option for you at all given the drinking behavior you describe.
Since you're asking for advice I will tell you this:  if you were a friend or relative of mine I would be scared shitless for you.  I am not exaggerating.  And I would strongly urge you not to try this alone.  Get some medical help get some counseling help go to meetings.  ..Your self-assessment is probably not far off here.  If you keep drinking like this you are vastly decreasing your quality of life and you could very easily be dead before you're thirty.  What a waste of a life that would be!  
I'd say quit completely for a certain period. Then consider your circumstances and renew your promise if you can. That worked for me anyway. I had no success at all with cutting down or controlling. I really needed to dry out totally to regain my normal thought-processes and bodily functions. ..I think I have cracked it - I don't see much risk of my going back to daily drinking. For context I actually stopped almost 90 days ago but had one lapse of drinking that I regretted hence my badge is on 37 days as I write. As you are a binger you might be slightly different but you give the impression that you are not socially drinking at all.  ..I'd avoid using other drugs if you can but do not try to quit smoking at the same time.
I was going to die young. I wasn't sure if I'd make it to my 26th birthday. Sad thing is I didn't even care. I thought if I had to either quit drinking or die young I'd die young. Alcohol had totally taken over. It had me hard. It was thinking for me. Addictions are cunning baffling and powerful...I drank everyday and night to complete intoxication for the same amount of time as you. To get sober I went to a treatment center. I needed that immersion in a program or else I was going to die or kill myself. I was opting for killing myself by the end...I am a young alcoholic in recovery. Welcome. There are a lot of us out there. Getting sober young is a gift a fucking GIFT!
Your story is the exact same as mine OP. For you quitting even if temporary will allow you to get your health back on track. For medical reasons it sounds like cutting it out will make the most sense. 
I drank for about 30 years c1o2d3y and I drank a tremendous amount when I was pretty young and it kept getting worse.  Even after I was desperate to stop drinking I kept drinking for years...I stopped on my own for a while... sometimes for a week or a few days.  But I kept going back to it and then feeling horrible about it... which I even used as an excuse to drink MORE!..I finally got out.  I went to AA where I was welcomed and given some pretty simples ideas about what has worked for thousands and thousands of others like us.  I've got a few years of continuous sobriety now... one day at a time...I think that you should stop completely and given the amounts that you've talked about you should probably have medical supervision while doing it...Please get to some meetings if you're not doing it already.  Many areas have young people's meetings but you are welcome at any meeting...If you have questions or need help finding meetings people here (me or others) will be happy to try to help...I never knew until I had been sober a little while that it is possible to have the *thought* of a drink without actually *having* a drink.  And there is tremendous recovery in one very simple idea:  **I don't need to take that first drink no matter what.**
Yes please stop. Please talk to your doctor about it. Look into a detox.rehab center if at all possible. And go to an AA meeting...I hate smoking I think it's filthy and stupid. But I think you should worry about quitting drinking first. Once you are used to living sober you can worry about the cigs. 
I think you would be making a mistake to get a script for benzos. I think for me sobriety is a state of mind something greater than simply abstaining from getting fucked up. The work in sobriety is about making changes to my thinking and that isn't easy. It's work really. Good luck and keep us posted on your progress!
[deleted]
