-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/o6nkv/i_am_scared/

Quick info I am 26. I probably have drank 350 days of the year for 5 years. I would self diagnose myself as a severe alcoholic. I wouldn't just drink but made sure I got drunk every night and a lot of times black out drunk. I am at the point where my anxiety is through the roof and I am at the point where I am taking medication for that. I had my first narcotic prescription a year ago second in November and am bout to run out. I just point that out because I am not entirely dependent on that substance as I am alcohol. I work a few days a week but I am at the point where I always feel too anxious to even go to work. I want to quit drinking. But the stress induced environment at work is kind of motivating me to ask for a league of absence (to attempt quitting). I am at the point where I only sleep when I am drunk and then I wake up and drink water for the first 5-6 hours of being awake and I struggle to eat food unless I have been drinking. Plus I have a history of alcoholism on both sides of my family. I have read about admitting to hospitals but I really don't want to take that route considering it is costly and I am broke. I live with my brother and mother and my mother knows I am an alcoholic but she feels she couldn't stop me. My brother has been drinking like me for a few months and I fear I have dragged him into this hole. I also realize that my decision to quit would affect him greatly (and hopefully in a positive way) as far as alcohol being available in the house. One of my fears is the fact that sometimes I get chest pains when I am anxious. I fear when I quit alcohol I may be subject to a very scary path of withdrawal symptoms. I used to smoke weed and I thought about replacing alcohol with it as a means to help me in the early parts of quitting. I know that really isn't technically a good decision but I am fear because of how radical my anxiety is. I know this is a bit of a rant and poorly formatted because I am new. I just could use some advice help and whatever info you would like to share. .
----------immediate responses--------

We are all in this together.  You are not alone. :-)
Hi there pal:.You need to go back to your doctor and tell them WHY you're feeling all this anxiety.  It's too bad they're willing to treat the symptoms and not address the root cause but maybe this is because they don't know...You do not have to upend your life to get sober and you do not have to go into debt to do it.  You should probably not consider quitting until you have talked to your doctor but surely you must see that continuing on this way is the far worse option.  Don't make the mistake of thinking that you have to stay drunk because you can't afford to get sober.  In reality you cannot afford to continue drinking like this.  ..As someone who suffered major anxiety as a direct result of my drinking I can tell you with 99.999999999% certainty that your anxiety issues will become vastly improved the longer you go without booze.  VASTLY.  
As for weed I can tell you it will not really help with anxiety starting off it might have a calming effect but after a few days/weeks it will sap your energy rather then help you out. The psychotoxic effect from THC might even make you more anxious. 
You are not alone. People like you overcome a life of misery and hell every day. So can you...I can prove to you that you are not alone if you'll go to your doc and be completely honest about your drinking and ask for help. You might be embarrassed but don't be. First he/she probably already knows since the signs are pretty obvious to any trained eyed. Second they see this kind of thing all the time. It is much more common than some kind of rare heart condition or something else. Alcoholism is tragically pretty damn common. Third the doc is probably sick of just treating symptoms and would love to work with you on the real problem. They get uncooperative lying patients all the time (my sister is a GP) and I know they favor honest cooperatives ones - it's why they went into medicine...Your doctor is your first step in my opinion to get medically supervised non-judgmental help that will lead to the next steps. If you're serious make an appointment as soon as possible and start getting your life back. Congrats on your decision and welcome aboard here!
You need to come clean with your doctor. You are not the first person to have been in this situation and doctors know how to detox someone with minimal impact to their lives. But they can only do so if they have all the facts...Alcoholism is a life-threatening disease. You have to admit to yourself that a) if you don't do anything about it it will ruin you and then it will kill you and b) you don't know how to treat this disease yourself...Just like Ambivalent_Fanatic I had crippling anxiety that I thought I was medicating by drinking. It turns out that 95% of my anxiety was *caused by my drinking*. I'm at 6 months sober and I have never felt better in my entire life...Best of luck to you. 
Let me echo what others have said. Talk to your doctor and be honest about the about you drink and how often. Your doctor may give you something to make withdrawal easier. ..You are not alone. Nor are you the first person to have a lot of anxiety and fear. My life was driven by fear. It was one of the major reasons I drank so much. While alcohol offered a temporary escape from that fear ultimately all it really did was increase the fear and anxiety once I had sobered up. This required increasing amounts of alcohol to battle. It was a vicious circle that was very difficult to escape from...Your doctor can also give you medications to help deal with anxiety. Quitting drinking will also help reduce your anxiety...Hang in there. You can do it if you put your mind to it. Take it one day at a time. Or one hour or one minute at a time- what ever it takes...Good luck and welcome to the subreddit.
I don't know what to tell you other than I'm here to listen man this isn't easy.
I've been right where you are now and can tell you the advice in this thread is spot on.
I really didnt expect more responses...i thought the thread died... I today used meditation for hours to remedy my anxiety in effort to combat ttaking those damned pills. It actually worked. I have been reading about the subject as much as possible in my free time. I am hoping this first day sober has positive results which im confident it has. I appreciate the feedback you have given me strength to endure what I think is yet to come. Thank you all. I really needed this.
I'm 31 and have basically the same drinking history and problems as you in terms of frequency of drinking and family history of alcoholism.  I recently quit cold turkey without medical supervision and long story short got taken to the ER in an ambulance and got medical detox overnight (I posted long version of this story the other night but deleted it due to too much identifying info for my comfort - thank you to those who commented however).  ..If you are sufficiently alcoholic that you get sick (not hungover sick) when you stop drinking you need to be extremely careful with quitting.  I quit cold turkey (weening one day) from heavy usage twice and while I felt horrible puked blood cold sweats etc. I made it through.  This third time I tried to do it I honestly thought I was dying from stroke or heart attack.  Don't fuck with this.  Please don't try to do this alone.  Going the medical detox route is physically easier on your body and it gives you peace of mind knowing there are people there to help you through the worst of it.  If you can get a week or two off from work by all means do it...As for the cost if you have insurance it will be pretty cheap.  If you don't you can work out monthly payments with the facility borrow money from family sell something whatever.  Don't let money be the deciding factor in fixing your life.
