-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/obv3m/i_feel_like_im_going_to_die/

Hello all. I have a problem. My family knows that im an alcoholic but they dont know the truth...I am 26 years old and this is my story. I started drinking at age 19 when I started to break into my parents liquor cabinet. After my first drink I remember thinking "If something makes you feel THIS good how can it be bad?" I was always drinking alone. Over time I started to binge drink and then eat...I went on to a university and immedietly joined a fraternity. My drinking was mostly on the weekends at first as i was too busy but later on my freshmen year I remember drinking alone every chance I got. When I turned 21 I hit the ground running. I diden't enjoy bars that much but loved to party with my friends. when I was 23 I told my mom I was scared and that I was depressed and that my drinking turned from drinking with friends to isolating myself and binge drinking wile I lurk the internet. ..I enjoyed a brief stint of maby 6 months of sobriety. I attended a 30 day in house treatment at a place called the brook. I attended AA but hated 12-step. Then it began again. I had always been able keep it together although I struggled with classes. I never had serious problems with the law as a result. Not yet at least. I even got an exciting job in Alaska over the summer wile I took a break from school. I earned a lot in Alaska and began drinking at least 12 (ice) beers a day. The only time I dident drink was long enough to let the hangover subside. ..Fast forward two years to today. I am over 310 lbs now and have been drinking aver 12 beers a night sometimes substituting up to a liter of whiskey or vodka. I am a full time student and hold a part time job. Recently I met a girl and have finally realized that I am deeply in love.   Over the past 8 months I have had Honorable nightmares about dying. Or bleak and lonely landscapes. I have panic attacks about the state of my health. I am over weight and have very high blood pressure. It is hard to maintain an erection and I am afraid that my liver and kidneys are shutting down. Although I have no evidence to really support this. ..I REALLY want to stop drinking. For the ones I love and most importantly for me and my health. I diden't drink today so that's a start. Although I need strategies for dealing with my drinking. What scares me the most is the combination of drinking alone and eating. I get severe cravings to drink after about a day or so. After I drink I get mad food cravings and over eat. I am fat and that alone contributes to my compulsive drinking. ..Any advice? How severe is drinking alone? I have been drinking hard for 6 years have I done severe damage to my body?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Not trying to push AA but why did you decide you hate it?  If you were only exposed to one group of people or one meeting you can try others--I certainly wasn't comfortable at every meeting I tried.  It's also possible that you weren't really ready to quit last time...As far as secular resources you found this subreddit.  :)
Congratulations on your decision to get your life back. If you are a full time student then I would guess there are resources you could make use of starting with a counselor who can help lay out detox treatment and free group options. Why don't you make an appointment today and get started?
&gt;I diden't drink today so that's a start...Yes it is a start. Take it one day at a time. One hour or one minute at a time if necessary. Wake up in the morning and commit to 24 hous of sobriety. Don't drink no matter what. If you really feel the urge tell yourself "I can drink tomorrow but not today!" Go to bed sober and wake up the next day and make a new commitment to another 24 hour sober...Stay strong. You can do this. Good luck and congratulations on your decision.
