-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/oct7w/so_far_this_has_really_been_working_for_me/

I'm 41 years old and have have been drinking very heavily for 15 years. I have tried quitting alcohol a couple times in the past. Usually 3 - 5 days is my average. Three weeks is the longest I have lasted in the past. ..I asked my doctor for a prescription of Antabuse because in my reasoning it would remove that moment by moment temptation. Once I swallowed the first dose I would know that all alcohol is totally out of the question. Knowing that it takes two full weeks after stopping Antabuse before you can drink again build in this nice two week buffer zone. So even if I want to be weak and give in to temptation I would have to stop taking the pills and wait two full weeks before I could drink again. Within that two week buffer zone I would be subject to my own disappointment and judgement and hopefully have the good sense to see my weakness take another pill (instantly renewing that two week buffer zone). ..So far I'm sober for 11 days and I take the pill easily each morning without a moments hesitation. Around 4:00 in the afternoon I start getting a little anxious but I know that drinking simply isn't an option. I'm able to play gigs in my band and even hang out with drinking friends because in my mind it is no longer an immediate choice of will power. It is an event that would require two weeks of premeditated planning and facing my own disappointment...
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. I believe it's wise to at least consider all available tools to help one stay sober so if this is working for you to help eliminate the momentary struggles then keep doing it...However I don't believe it is a substitute for doing the things you need to do to stay sober. Your long term sobriety depends on you learning how to live a sober life. You won't likely be on Antabuse forever so you still need to learn to deal with daily issues...Good luck to you and I hope it works out...
From what I hear if you drink on it you will become so sick that you will wish you were dead. I've never known any one who used it - I'm glad it's working for you. Good luck.
i can say from personal experience with antabuse that you should really consider some form of emotional therapy as well.  i took antabuse for a few months at a time on two separate occasions.  it always worked well for me and kept me from drinking but eventually i felt well enough to stop taking it.  two weeks after my last dose i didnt run straight to beer distributor but eventually i made it back there because i lacked the coping skills needed to handle adversity.  Im not saying you will do this but unless you take it for a lifetime at some point youll need will power and inner strength.  I didnt gain either of those things from antabuse.  Good luck to you
The intent of Antabuse (Disulfiram) is to buy one enough dry time for their brain (thinking) to dry out long enough for them to be able decide if they want to get sober or not.  Very few use it for long term much over a year but there are exceptions...Recommend at least 90 days/three months preferably six months but - it's only a tool a bit like a cast or splint.  It can help allow someone to be able to do the more meaningful things they need to do...It's an aid not an answer....  
