-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ojrvb/today_is_good/

I last took a drink on Friday 1/13 at around 12pm.  I had been on a binge since the previous Sunday...I spent the rest of the day feeling horribly exhausted.   "Sleep" that night consisted of soaking my clothes and bedding with sweat shivering moaning and groaning and being jolted awake by anxiety the moment I actually started to drift off.  I'd say I got less than an hour of actual rest.   The next morning I got up and attempted to eat two crackers.  Gagged and immediately vomited them back up.    I actually didn't even have time to make it to the bathroom they came up so suddenly.  There I was in my living room at 7am with puke on my hands/face/shirt.  I felt absolutely pathetic...The weekend was  better.  I actually SLEPT.    Wow how refreshing to wake up and not be having a panic attack.    I drank lots of fluids and I ate.   I don't eat too much when I am binging on booze I turn into a zombie and it seems like I can hardly chew the damn food...You know what I did at 8:30am this morning?  I had a big mug of coffee and sipped it while making myself a delicious breakfast sandwich.   It feels so much better to EAT in the morning rather than start chugging down the beers.   ..I still don't feel great  I'm having moments of depression and anxiety.   But I know I'm headed in a much better direction than I was at this time last week.   I also want to add that while I was really struggling on Saturday morning that I spent time reading this subreddit and it gave me hope and reminded me of what life is like when I'm not on a binge.   ..Edited to add:  Yes I am making a commitment to going sober.   Drinking "casually" just does not work for me  it almost always seems to lead to a binge. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you had a pretty uncomfortable morning. Glad you ae feeling better today...So have you decided to quit drinking? Sounds like it might be a good choice.
Nice job making it through a tough morning. The depression and anxiety could still be your brain chemistry getting back to normal give yourself a little time to get through it. Exercise especially cardio can really help speed up the healing process and give you a way to deal with the anxiety. Its' great that you're not on the fence about casual drinking being on the fence is a really really painful place to be...What's your plan to stay on course long term?
Sober sleep is the most restful. ..Friday the thirteenth is a bad ass quit date. You should keep that.
Right there with you -- though I've never binged in that way. Best of luck. I hear its a positive influence on our lives...And yeah! What better day than Friday the 13th?
Congratulations on your life-changing and life-saving decision to quit drinking. Keep it up. I recommend going to see a doctor!
