-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ov3hh/a_question_for_aa_veterans/

A girl came into a meeting this afternoon someone who's been relapsing repeatedly. Now I won't pretend to admit that I could quit after trying a few times. However the alcohol is quite literally killing her. Every time she comes in I rack my brain for supportive things to say but I can only tell her my story so many times for it to be effective. How do you deal with a serial-relapser? What kinds of things can I say to help her recover? I'll never judge but what kinds of methods are used to help people like these 'get it'?
----------immediate responses--------

Well she needs to get a sponsor and star working steps rapidly that's the only thing that worked for me. ..When I approach someone who is just coming in I don't tell it to them like that and shove the big book down their throat but I offer them support and tell them about the things I tried that didn't work and what worked for me- which was 12 steps with a sponsor rapidly and I'll offer to sponsor them and take them through the book the same way it was done with me. ..For a lot of people though some sort of rehab is necessary because I wouldn't have been ready to just walk in the door the way I was and do all that if I wasn't in treatment and had a moment to breathe. 
I've relapsed many times. I've been inundated with suggestions and scary stories but what mattered most to me is when people expressed their love concern and sincere desire for me to keep coming back. 
[deleted]
Do you know if she wants to get sober? Not everyone who comes to AA does. In my limited experience some people are just looking for a place where they can have a little human contact where people haven't (yet) lost patience with them. They really don't want to get sober but they do want company. That would be a pretty shitty place to be but it's the only thing that would explain a couple of people I've known.
She's not a first niter so throwing the book at her slogans and cheery phrases will do nothing that they have not done previously (nothing it seems). This is a program of attraction not promotion. Therefore attract her with your success. Act like the sober happy person you are (or pretend to be). Talk of how great your life has become due to your sobriety. She will hear it and remember. When the time is right what you have done will have helped get her there. 
You should not presume to teach those who have not asked to be taught. There are those who use the recovery circuit as a way to get attention. They're in and out of rehabs psych wards you name it and they're cruising the meetings too. ..This might be a case like that. Unless she asks for your help you're not involved and anything you do on your own initiative might be counterproductive (i.e. by giving attention like that you could be enabling her to continue doing what she's doing).
[deleted]
"Rarely have we seen a person fail who has thoroughly followed our path."..Just coming to meetings will not keep a person sober. It helps but the only thing I have found that consistently keeps people sober is working the 12 steps with a sponsor...The program of Alcoholics Anonymous (not the fellowship) is the path to recovery. It is the 12 steps that allows a person to have a "psychic change" and recover from alcoholism...If someone is not willing to honestly work all 12 of the steps then they are not willing to go to any length to stay sober. Unfortunately with such people relapses are likely.
AA is for those who want it not those who need it.
If there is someone who has frequently come to a standstill in life yet without finding the stillnessif he/she has sought it where it is and yet not really found it and has blamed him/herself for the failureif he/she has fought and still not won then let her try again. Let her follow the thought of the discourse but freely and without compulsion. There is nothing to bind herno obligation...Soren Kierkgaarde
It's a program of attraction.  You can't force anyone to take any message to heart.  Eventually she'll either decide she wants to stay or she doesn't.  Being at the tables and showing your support for her and anyone else like her is the best thing you can do.  ..And being in her shoes as a person who's been in and out of the program several times even when you go back out the stuff you hear at the meetings sticks with you and eventually you start listening to it again and it brings you back.
Just explain to her simply that it's the program of action that gets us sober.  We have to act our way into better thinking and live ourselves into a better life.  All the resolve and best intentions get us know where if our actions to propel ourselves on that sober path.  Suggest she immediately get a sponsor get working the steps and put into action the suggestions of the others around the tables.  Explain how "we" have been where she's at and know what to do. 
"Welcome back"
