-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ovo2k/nearly_through_the_third_day_my_mind_feels_more/

I am jittery and can't focus or sit still.  I'm overeating and gulping down water because I just need to "have something."  I'm afraid to go to the store even though I'm out of stuff because last time I went to the store I wound up at the liquor store.  This is the most consecutive sober time I've strung together in at least a year and a half.  Even then I only made about a week and gave up...Nonetheless I am very glad I made the decision to quit drinking and to talk about it semi-publicly.  It helps my resolve to know that there are others out there struggling like me in the first few days and those who have made it out the other side.  I've decided that even if I mess up again I am not going to just say "oh well I guess I failed" and go back to the old routine.  
----------immediate responses--------

Massive kudos incredibly strong human. Keep with it. More are rooting for you that you probably realize.
&gt; Nonetheless I am very glad I made the decision to quit drinking and to talk about it semi-publicly...I agree with both of these statements. 
Good work.  Your brain will be scrambly for awhile....just be gentle with yourself and buy prepared food (as nutritious as possible) as needed.  You're going to be saving a lot of money on booze so cut yourself a break and maybe eat some cupcakes too....
Congrats!  I've also been eating and drinking water quite a bit.  I think some of it is my attempt to deal with nervous energy but probably also my body's attempt to get some much needed nutrients and regular hydration again!    I'm heading into day 12 and am less jittery than I was a week ago  I think it takes the brain awhile to get back to normal after so much intoxication.  
Keep up the good work just one day at a time. 2 days is something to be proud of! I bet you can make it 3!
Keep up the good work! It's a struggle but its a good one. There are going to be really tough days and nights but when you get through them you will feel better...Find something to do walk do crossword puzzles anything to keep busy. I've been playing Starcraft II I suck but it's fun and it makes my brain focus. And eat healthy food too! That does help.
Don't judge sobriety on the first week or the first month or even the first year.  As your mind and body get used to functioning without alcohol there WILL be periods of adjustment.  You CAN get through them however.  ..If you don't have one already find some system of support.  Somewhere you can be with people who understand you and are there to help you and in turn be helped by you...Stay strong.  
Many of the same things would be occurring in your body had you simple decided to drastically alter your diet suddenly as in dropping to a low carb lifestyle or cutting out sugar etc.. Now imagine the adjustment your body goes through when its a mind/mood altering substance! Hang in there it gets better and the good news is that you're nearly past this part and you never have to go through it again if you don't want!
Congrats!  Remember you only feel screwy now because alcohol has been a total dick with your brain chemistry.
Yeah don't try to get into any rational arguments because you won't be rational. I was like a little high schooler that first week. Me me me that's all I thought about. It passes you'll be fine and rational thought is all that's left. It's cool actually.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOG2MHPQFqY..seriously though listen to these others.  It's about 5 days for me when I sober up... then the old mush-melon starts working again.
When I sobered up my head felt like it was full of cotton. I couldn't think straight or remember anything. This went away after a while...Keep it up. You can do this. Good luck.
