-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/p0glk/student_in_need_of_some_advice/

I have been inspired by [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/p004s/im_concerned_of_where_my_lifestyle_is_leading_me/) guy I can relate very much to this situation. I am also a  student  I drink most nights and I have trouble controlling the amount. This is my first Reddit post (long time lurker)  but I feel it's time I did something about this and I'm not really sure what to do next to get my problem sorted. ..A little background. When I turned 18 (2003) I began heavy drinking as did all my friends (I'm in UK and 18 is the legal age here). Youth culture at the time was very drinking focused; club nights would offer all you can drink for a minimal entry fee on the door and it was easy to get in without ID back then. This meant I'd actually been going out already since I was 15 but didn't drink so much then.  I never once thought I had a problem (and I may not have had) becasue everyone did it. If we weren't out drinking we'd be drinking beer and playing video games in doors. Just seamed really fun and part of being young at the time. I wasn't at University then but all my circle of friends were so I was very caught up in student drinking culture. Fast forward three years and I'm working a stressful job that I hate I'm drinking heavily every single night getting slowly more depressed and turning into a lard ass. This lasted for three long years untill I broke the cycle. Over the next two years I got my life back on track I lost most of the weight I went back to college and gained entry to a good University.  However over this period I drank less but never a healthy level and frequently relapsed to old ways and had to break the cycle all over again.. .My problem now. I'm currently in a relapse state I'm putting away a bottle of wine or between three and five cans of beer or cider nearly every night as well as the big nights out I go on with my Uni friends (10+ cans). I drink in secret(when not going out) I'm spending a lot of money on drinking related things (150-200 a month) I wake up with massive feelings of guit now and then and I can't shake those last few pounds of flab...The brightside. I'm doing well at University I work very hard I'm hygienic and wear nice clothes I have a girlfriend great family and great friends.. .I'd love some advice on how to tackle my alcohol problem. I would like to be able to enjoy a drink now and then without it turning into a binge; but recently I'm wondering if I might just have to quit out right and admit to people I have a problem...TL;DR I drink a bottle of wine or three to five beers nearly every night and I have done for about 7 years. I'm a sucessfull University student and life is good apart from this. Need some advice on how to tackle my drink problem...EDIT: Thank you all for the great advice. I already feel better for posting; I didn't drink last night and so far so good tonight (7pm here). I just needed to some tell me I wasn't being stupid thinking I had a problem. The problem with University/College is that everyone parties and it's hard whether to tell your just part of the scene or problem drinking. I certainly think I'm the latter. Once again thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Im a junior(08 hs grad. took a year off to help) in college and ive been sober since september of 2010. I would drink once a weekend but when I was drinking I would drink a fifth (725ml) of hard liquor in a night. It was hard at first but back in school every thing is easier now. shoot me a pm if you need anything i'd like to help.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just try quitting that's when I knew I had a problem...cause I couldn't quit. Nothing terrible had happened in my life yet as a result of drinking but I realized I'm not normal because going a night or 2 without touching alcohol was hard. really fucking hard. downright impossible. It scared the crap out of me because prior to that I thought I was just a normal college student who parties alot. In retrospect there were dozens of red flags that I chose to ignore but it's way easier to see them now that I am working on my sobriety...Try getting a badge it keeps track daily of how many sober days you have under your belt. If you mess up and drink? Whatever no one is here to judge just reset your badge and try to go longer without a drink than you did last time.
I remember when university was going well and I was doing "ok" and drinking a similar amount. I hope you don't have to go where I did to get sober. And a part of me hopes for you that this is partly lifestyle. Unfortuneatly if you're not able to control the amount once you start then you might have a problem. I can't say if it is abuse or dependence but I'd recommend talking to someone about it at your school...There's no harm in quitting drinking. I say this to everyone regardless if they have a problem or not. 
