-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/p7fgd/absolutely_crushed/

Pray for me folks. The reason I was just in the hospital was depression anxiety not good thoughts. Working on it actively and have basically had a breakthrough on the years of abuse and neglect recently. A whole bunch. The combination of changing medications stress and no release valve or family support. I had no desire to drink. I contemplated an epic binge / suicide of drugs. ..The reason? Completely dominated manipulated anger loss of control verbal abuse psychological abuse. And I've realized it continues and has a hold on me because I allow it. ..And I've realized that my family is deeply dysfunctional. My father has had god like mental domination and emotional control from day one and even until today. i learned ours is a co-dependent relationship. and unhealthy x a billion...and i've been putting this together over the last few months. and it clicks all the curtains are pulled back and i am blinded. too much. i was alone. and i'm driving? oh on the expressway... and i have a bag packed next to me... and i notice the hospital on the gps. so i'm on my way at least. bad memory at that time...my old man lives across town. we have always talked and i've never yelled. and up to hospital we were talking and occasional email. business as usual. i'm in for 5 days and not a call or when talking to mom no messages or concern. then 8 days after release i get an email never asked how i am. take a look:..*Happy that you have returned to work.  I trust your depressive.situation can be effectively dealt with by those at HMO.  Needless.to say I am distressed that you are going thru this.  Hopefully I.am not a significant cause of your difficulty.  I have consistently.tried to be just the opposite namely your Dad and one of your.best friends.  I trust you know that I love you dearly and would.do anything for you.*..today after driving for two days my folks arrived at a luxury condo on the beach where they will be staying for 6 weeks. this is 1000 miles away. so from the safety of that condo and with the courage of some cocktails relayed to my mother that "he wants to talk to his guy his son". ..And it stuck with me that he's been my dad and best friend all along and I didn't know it. And I thought about an email I sent. Right as the rock bottom stage was approaching. The just epic hardcore please-kill-me drinking. I sent this email 16 months before my sober date which is now 16 months ago. My father is retired and has the resources to help. Here is an email I sent in desperation which was never replied to. It was mentioned at one point while struggling to get sober as "that awful email you sent"...Here is that awful email:..<><><>..Dad..Please forgive me this will likely sting a bit. Have been calling home today for quite a while only to get a busy signal. As such an email will have to suffice...Have always enjoyed drinking beers etc. At this point it has become my main focus. The things I need to be doing are taking a distant back seat to drinking beer and watching the same movies. Typically eat once a day and not the best food in the world. I am sick and tired of being sick and tired. Hate the way I look and hate my bullshit behavior. The road I am on most likely does not end up in a good place...I am asking my parents for help. Not sure what the means at this point. Maybe I need an impatient detox program for a few days and that will get things back on track? I hope so. Think I'm just in a cyclical rut that just keeps getting deeper by the day. Maybe there is more to this. Can tell a lot about a guy from his job and wife I got nothing and feel like nothing...Please forgive me for sending this email. Need to get this out and hopefully fix it. Need for you to be exceptionally patient and understanding while I work through this. If angry or similar please take a minute before you call or reply. If this is something I need to deal with on my own that is fine just let me know...My current situation and any issues between you and I may be linked but I will not address both at once...Sorry that I've let you down...PokeyJones..Think I'm going to go sit down with Justin to talk about all of this. He is aware and has offered any assistance. I will have my phone with me. Again I'm sorry...<><>..No reply. No help. Total dismissal. I feel like this is a dream and that someone possibly me is dead. The world has completely changed. I am free. And I am so hurt I cannot comprehend it yet. ..I had to get this out. If you have this shit abuse depression and you want to get sober? You have to do both. If you'd like go read my post history. Watch me go from involved and friendly to confrontational and aggressive likely late May. And then again in September. The depression and bad thinking and abuse. ..Right now I am at the place where people either make it for good or they absolutely self destruct. I am hopefully. I am terrified. I am dead coming to life and hope I can live...wow i'll regret this when i wake up
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you don't regret it.  If getting it out helps you stay sober then there's definitely nothing to regret...I don't have any abuse in my past just an absent dad (left when I was 8) and an emotionally absent mother.  The absent dad stuff was easy to identify but some of the emotional baggage from it just surfaced in the last 10 years.  And I only realized recently that my mother was emotionally absent after he left.  (I'm 49.)..In a way it may be good that you recognize and deal with your issues so early in your recovery...Good luck!
[deleted]
Thanks for posting...I was fortunate in a way that my deep-seated issues were such that I couldn't get sober until I had confronted them...Always always it has come down to this for me - I was unaware that what I was doing was so deeply dysfunctional because *I has been doing it that way all my life.*  ..Whether I had learned the dysfunctional behavior or been taught was in the end immaterial.  The important fact was that *I now know that there is another way.*  ..In many cases finding another way and actually learning to practice the new behaviors involved was an incredibly painful process; a pain much like when a limb that has gone numb from lack of blood flow and must now be "woken up."..And always always the result has been the same much like when I recover from a numbed limb - I can feel and do that which I could not before and that part of me is no longer numb and useless...I hope you continue to post with no regrets.
