-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pft4o/lurker_for_a_whiletrying_to_do_thissome_questions/

Alright well it's pretty straight forward. I've been a sufferer of anxiety and every since it became heavily available to me(booze) I've more and more used it as a crutch for my anxiety as well as the fact that I just really like it. ..After a recent 3 day superbowl weekend I decided to cut down. Turned out that wasn't enough either and I finally ended up at the doctor who subscribed me some things for my stomach and some xanax to help with my regular anxiety on top of the anxiety from trying to go from 10-20 drinks a day down to 5...As of right now I haven't had a drink in roughly 24 hours...My questions are:..-Has anyone ever experienced where you can't get comfortable under blankets? I either feel like I'm hot and my legs are sweating or I'm shivering when I get out of bed. ..-I feel like I can't eat anything. I struggled to get some carrots down around 11 AM and tonight I managed to get 3/4 of a turkey burger down but I'm simply not hungry and it's making me anxious...I've read on here that people have gone cold turkey but I just feel like I'm going to go crazy. Just looking for some "I've been there advice" I guess. ..Also throwaway but I intend to keep this for all r/stopdrinking purposes. I'd rather keep this private from people that know my regular user name....EDIT: Thanks everyone. Keep 'em coming. Honestly the best thing for me to hear is "Dude I've been there hold on"
----------immediate responses--------

Yes sweating shaking insomnia anxiety &amp; loss of appetite are all common in withdrawal...The good news is this will pass fairly quickly in a few days...Drink lots of water try to sleep and maybe read a book to keep your mind occupied...I recommend going cold turkey (no alcohol) rather than cutting down...If you feel really ill please see your doctor again...Good luck and keep us posted! 
I had no appetite after my last binge for several days.. it really does pass though and I bet you'll rediscover how nice it is to eat when your stomach isn't fucked up from all that booze (I did). ..I had the same thing happen to me when I tried to sleep I was itchy uncomfortable hot and cold at the same time..this also will pass. Melatonin really helped me in the first few days and when you are feeling up for it try setting up an exercise routine. The exercise thing really helped with my anxiety and helped me sleep at night. ..Try to keep busy during the day--it helps to keep your mind off things take vitamins drink water and get some sleep. Hang in there!
&gt;Has anyone ever experienced where you can't get comfortable under blankets? I either feel like I'm hot and my legs are sweating or I'm shivering when I get out of bed...Yes for about 6 years.  This is a typical withdrawal symptom.  Night sweats are also pretty common.  Regarding your appetite it will come back gradually...FWIW I had mild anxiety prior to drinking as well.  However the drinking made it much much worse and resulted in some pretty horrific experiences and 2 visits to the ER.  That was about 3 years ago.  I cut out hard alcohol and wine entirely after that.  I still continued to drink beer however and it was still a big problem for me.  So I quit.  ..After 26 days I feel my body is starting to return to normal and the anxiety is minimal and infrequent.  So the good news is your anxiety should decrease significantly.  The Xanax will help take the edge off while you get there.  Do not mix the Xanax and alcohol.
&gt;I'm simply not hungry and it's making me anxious...My body had to go through all sorts of physical adjustments when I got sober; hot/cold sweats nausea hunger/no hunger etc...The important thing is that I learned to accept the withdrawal symptoms for what they were - temporary aberrations from the norm as my body adjusted to a new baseline (sobriety.)..Uncomfortable definitely but not something to get anxious about.  It was the anxiety itself and my inability to deal with it properly that was leading me back to the bottle. 
It will suck especially the first week. After that the real problems were adjusting my routine and sleeping. I don't think I slept normally until about a month in. But man once you start having those full restful nights your mornings become great. Hang in there. If you feel it is getting too rough consider going to your doctor again. Get that week under your belt and you will physically and mentally start to feel better. 
Its a long road...but a good one.  It is to early to form a real thought.  I was not eating reg meals for I think it was about a week and a half.  As someone said before maybe in a different thread  do your body and favor and stay away from crap food.  Now anything is better than nothing but the drink fucked my blood sugar all up so I have to play nice and be mindful to what I consume.  5am ramble gotta go to work...hang in there buddy!!  ...oh congrats!
[deleted]
