-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pg7hk/can_diazepram_valium_make_you_hallucinate_even_in/

So i recently relapsed about a 9 days ago and binged every day. i stopped cold turkey on the day of the 6th and yesterday morning (the 7th) around 4am i couldnt deal with it and had to go to the ER. Mind you I go through REALLY BAD DT'S when I stop. For those of you who don't know DT stands for delerium tremens.  I have had seizures before and it's really messed up. I went to the hospital because my whole body was shaking and I was starting to see and hear things that weren't there. .       Anyways...usually I have been administered ativan or librium but this time they prescribed me diazepram which is a generic valium.  I have totally not been abusing them at all taking 5mg about every 5 hours or so. They totally help with the shakes and heart palpitations but I have still been hearing things right when I'm starting to fall asleep. I promise I'm not crazy reddit...never had a history of this. I almost don't want to use the word hallucinate because it only happens right before Im asleep so one could say I'm just dreaming. The thing is these "auditory dreams" are so real. It's not like I'm in a dreamscape version of my home where the layout is slightly different; No! it's reality to the T. last night in bed my SO kept talking to me and when I rolled over she would be snoring completely asleep. This happened all night long and even this morning I was half asleep hearing her getting ready for work talking to a man named steve who was fixing the sink. When I asked her how long "steve" would be here she just looked at me like "who the f**k is steve?". Our sink isn't even broken. I rolled over and thought "OMG its still happening!" .       So im sorry to be so long winded about this but I just wanted fully explain my situation because it's weirding me out. Ill probably do a cross post to ask science or something. If anyone knows anything please give me 2 minutes of your time and respond. Thank you guys and have a wonderful sober day  =)
----------immediate responses--------

I think you probably need to go back to the ER or at least call them and tell them what's going on. Like immediately!
I have taken ativan for withdrawals.  I have had auditory issues prior to sleep but mine were more like a door slamming shut someone knocking (pounding) on front door etc.  They sound 100% real.  I've even woken my wife up and asked her if she heard it...You are probably also very fatigued because of the withdrawals and I noticed that hearing stuff was worse when I was very sleep deprived.  Even though you may be sleeping a lot your body is still trying to recover...Edit:  Sounds like [Alcoholic Hallucinosis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholic_hallucinosis)
Well since you don't have the financial means of heading back to the hospital right now I will give some information that can help you feel less scared. Benzo's definitely have a side effect of causing WEIRD dreams lucid dreams which I experience *every time* I take them. Also there is a state of consciousness right before you fall to sleep called the "Hypnagogic" and it honestly sounds like you simply have some more awareness than usual in that place right now. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypnagogia It can be scary but is perfectly natural. It's that little zone we float inside before dreams start and then we tend to run toward one of the visions and start dreaming (from my experience of lucidity there..)..Unless something drastic happens like more DT's or change in BP HR fainting and such I would *guess* (am NOT a Dr!) that you are OK. FYI there is Valerian Tea and other things that can cause a calming in the GABA system which is what Benzo's do. GABA itself can help a lot which plenty of natural types use. You can generally buy it at any natural foods or decent nutrition store. Oh and Melatonin typically zonks me out and I don't remember that state or my dreams. Might want to try a tiny dose of that (like 1.5 or 3 MG) WITHOUT the pre-bed Diazepam....That is actually a side effect of taking Melatonin. It disrupts your 'remembering' and absorption/integration of the events of the day..http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/11/071115164438.htm...Hope you feel better soon!!
