-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/pzcwf/for_the_teens_and_20_somethings_ever_think_youre/

well that's just fucking bullshit. i'm 21 years old. i have just over a year sober. i first got sober when i was 17. relapsed after i turned 20 on the i'm too young bullshit got back in a month later. i'm a member of aa but what brought me to my knees was da big h ya dig. i don't drink cause it leads back to that. it's all the same anyways...in 2011 i went to three funerals. two were for 19 year olds the last was for a 23 year old. the deaths were a direct result of drug and alcohol abuse. all were friends i used to party with...the i'm too young line is bullshit...just sayin. can't wait to count how many funerals i go to this year from the people i used to hang out with. /sarcasm as a result of sadness and knowing it will most likely be a greater number this year
----------immediate responses--------

I sobered up this last time 8 days after my 19th birthday.  It wasn't my first go around with sobriety just my first successful one.  I have now gone to many more funerals for people who have died sober then naught.  Good for you!
Never too young. I'm 23 and was in serious trouble by 18. Couldn't quite get it until later though. There was a grapevine story about a 12 year old who picked up a one year chip. I mean how old do you have to be to die?
I'm going on 22 and today is day four. So no I don't think I'm too young to stop drinking. To young to die on the other hand...
I got sober at 17 and haven't looked back my high school years were such a train wreck. I do miss some of my old friends but so many are really hurting mentally/emotionally it saddens me when I run into them. Stayed in AA this whole time too had a few periods where I didn't go to many meetings but my head would get crazy so doubt I'll do that again....All the Best~.. .@HideAndSeek *high-five* 
I sure wish I had gotten sober young but that's not how my life went. 
i got sober at 23 and am coming up on five years in march!  so many funerals in those five years...soooo grateful i don't have to live that way any more! 
I used that excuse since I was 17. I'm 20 right now and I went to treatment for a month when I was 19 but fell back into old habits not long after getting out... It's gotten to a point right now where I've let drinking heavily creep back into my life slowly and my girlfriend is getting fed up with it. I'm seriously considering trying to go sober once again. I've had a friend say "but dude you're not even 21 yet!" I will be in june and I still know my subconcious mind is saying 'just hold off until you're 21!' but I'm really trying to fight that right now.
Been saying that since I realized I had a problem.  Now I'm 21 with 52 days sober and I'm so thankful I finally accepted it. 
it makes my day to see young folks on here doing something about their alcohol addiction. i knew i was an alcoholic when i was 21 it just took me 27 years to do something about it. 
I got sober when I was 21. Looking back it's clear to me that my life would've never really progressed past being an immature asshole kid without recovery. ..Keep going!
I'm 24. It's easy to get wrapped in the "I'm too young bullshit" but that's the alcoholic mind working. Most people with alcoholism started young. Most people didn't wake up 40 50 60 years old alcoholic. It started young. I am one of a lucky few. I am lucky that I did not have to go through decoades of pain and suffering. I had 6 years and that was enough to ruin my life bring me to hell and back. My life has been so so so so much better since I quit drinking. ..
[deleted]
