-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/q5kgi/the_source_of_the_problem_or_the_symptom/

So yeah. I posted yesterday about how I was a shit show again and realized that holy crap maybe I have an actual issue that needs to be dealt with. Decided to deal with it. Fine. So I have spent the past two days thinking (which I tend to do a lot... I'm a very introspective person always lost in my own head) and I'm pretty sure this is just a little tiny part of a way bigger issue (surprise surprise!). That's not to say it's not still a problem that needs to be addressed... it is. But I just happen to think this may be the current manifestation of my myriad deeper issues. Before I started really drinking a lot I had an eating disorder (that was fun) then I moved onto drugs for a while (a LOT of blow and mdma for a few years... was really skinny too which of course was *awesome* right?). When I finally cut that shit out after a few too many hospital trips involving actual ambulances I started drinking because it was "safer" and I didn't feel like actual death for days afterwards. Plus it was socially acceptable up to a point and I didn't have to hide it the way I had to pretend I wasn't doing lines in gas station bathrooms. ..The problem is this - I'm pretty sure this booze thing is going to go the way all of the other symptomatic expressions of my intense self loathing did. I'm going to stop with minimal effort but then I'm going to be left here constantly stuck with MYSELF. Like all the time. And that is fucking *terrifying*. When I say I'm going to stop with minimal effort I don't mean to be patronizing or to belittle anyone's experiences or anything like that it has just been my personal experience that when I decide to stop doing something (usually when it becomes un-fun or scary) I just sort of *do*. I quit smoking without a second thought after smoking almost a pack a day for years. I quit blow and e the same way just stopped and didn't really ever think about it again. I still do both on occasion and it has never been an issue of 'relapse' or anything like that. I do it and the next day I'm over it. So anyway based on those experiences I'm pretty sure that this booze thing will end up the same way. But the problem is what am I supposed to do then? Because I'm a little bit scared that if substances are off the table I am going to go back to insane amounts of excercise and no food or perhaps cutting again (yeah I'm a mess) or just sitting here fucking paralyzed and unable to do anything. Because obviously the underlying issue here is that I fucking *hate myself*. I really fucking do. ..I know this is all a bit heavy and probably inappropriate but I don't really know who else to talk to about this. I can't talk to any of my family or friends and I don't want to put this on my fiance AGAIN because he has seen this shit so many goddamn times. They all have and frankly it is really getting pathetic. I have no reason to feel this way I have literally EVERYTHING going for me at this moment in time. Life is fucking fantastic but I just want to stop it all right here and sit in my gross pyjamas and never move. The only thing I have managed to do today is make coffee and even then it took me hours. I have shit to do and I *can't do it*.  I have three major deadlines this week and I have no idea how I am going to get them done. I just want to give up but I feel like I owe all of these wonderful people so much more than that which is making me feel even shittier. I know I should probably see a psychologist (been there done that) but the ones covered under my insurance are shit and I can't afford the only one I have ever really clicked with. ..So yeah. My life is awesome but I suck too much to be able to deserve it. I have shit to do in order to maintain its awesomeness but instead I am sitting here in bed feeling sorry for myself for ABSOLUTELY NO REASON and feeling paralyzed by the same fucking depression that has been periodically incapacitating me for the past 15 years. I need to stop drinking because it is making shit worse and that's fine but I'm still left here with this bullshit to deal with. Good times. ..Sorry again if this isn't the place for this just needed to express that I think. Thanks.   
----------immediate responses--------

A lot of consensus in the helping community (psychology social work etc) that a lot of substance abuse is self-medication.  If you don't work on taking care of that depression it's gonna keep cropping up and you're probably gonna cope with it in unhealthy ways (drug and alcohol abuse eating disorders etc).  ..However it is completely within the realm of possibility to reduce and manage depression to the point where life is enjoyable again.  It's hard work and it takes a while and you will need help but it is possible...I'd recommend getting into therapy with a good therapist (preferably with a LCSW PhD or PsyD) and you should probably talk to a psychiatrist as well.  Seroquel has been for me a lifesaver.  Pretty much all the of the standard antidepressants didn't help but rigorous exercise a good diet and a neuroleptic dose of atypical antipsychotics have made life worth living again and worth living sober.
Just quitting drinking won't make you happy. I think a lot of self loathing can be exacerbated by continuing drinking since people keep making decisions with little thought or coherence. I would recommend seeing a professional therapist. I think a lot of people with these issues suffer a low self image in the same manner. I believe there was an article here recently where a counselor said a lot of alcoholics are the type of people who can be showered with praise but only focus on the one negative comment. I've tried to focus on myself as a whole not just bits and pieces and come to realize I'm normal and not this horrible person. I've tried using the REBT method and I can say it helps. I wouldn't say it was a cure all but it's definitely helped me in beginning to retrain my perception of myself in a healthier manner...Edit: This is the [book](http://www.amazon.com/Alcohol-How-Give-Glad-You/dp/1884365108/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1330190701&amp;sr=8-1-fkmr0) that I first got when quitting it's based on REBT.
Hi Sonja_Blu...I went around and around and around with my drinking and drug use and depression for many years but now have several years of continuous sobriety.  I have a few thoughts for you and I hope some or all of them are helpful to you...1.  Some of us have emotional or other problems before we ever start drinking/using and some of us don't.  Either way we should make use of what's available to us and usually that means more than one thing.  You might look into local (city or county) resources for counseling that might cost less than seeing other professionals.  They're often just as caring and just as good as a higher-priced person...2. Another resource I strongly recommend is AA and/or NA.  I don't know if you've been to either or if you're comfortable with giving one of them a try.  But one thing that seems like it might be holding you back from recovering a better (and sober!) life is that you seem to be trying to do it alone or nearly alone.  A person can at a meeting talk about their depression or things that have been terrifying or pathetic or made you happy or sad.  Just about everything comes up in an AA (or NA) meeting and people are almost always allowed to just dump this stuff out without being interrupted and with a roomful of people there who are on your side because we want everyone to have recovery.  And any donation basket has to do with VOLUNTARILY tossing in a dollar or two... there is never a requirement to contribute...3. Recovery is a fantastic gift.  But no one can wrap up some willingness and send it to you in a box.  I really wish that I could.  It would be in the mail right now.  If you're willing to work for recovery you can have health -- physical emotional etc. -- along with long-term sobriety...But that willingness has to start with you.  Sometimes that means picking up the phone and calling your local AA or NA office to find out where there's a meeting close to you.  Sometimes that's finding a counselor or psychologist you can afford.  Sometimes it's both...But you need to take some actions.  Even if it's some small action each day instead of lots of things all at once that's one answer for you:  taking positive action...Another answer is to stop drinking or using any drug (except any properly prescribed medication that you're using correctly) so that you put together your first day of sobriety.  Then do it again tomorrow no matter what.  Maybe you've done that already... but that's how a lot of us do this:  One day at a time!
Just here to say that you deserve every good thing that comes into your life...Do you hate yourself?  Not uncommon but ask yourself can you really get a sense of who you are from the inside looking out?..My guess is that those who are on the outside looking in at you may not loathe you the way you do yourself.  ..If you can't love yourself (and I have a hard time being kind and loving to myself too) allow others to do it for you and accept what they think you ought to have with some gratitude...Tough but not impossible.
