-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/q6str/nearly_half_a_year_later_less_of_a_broken_man/

Long time since I've posted on here. I've been lurking and very proud of how this positive and supportive community has grown and matured since its inception. ..I'm on my way to six months of sobriety and can scarcely believe it's already been nearly half a year. Emotionally it's been a lot of ups and downs. Without the numbness of alcohol you really feel it. Alcohol tempered my pain. Now I feel it in all its horrid glory...School has been stressful. I've been gaining weight. Emotionally I feel very unfulfilled. The initial high of sobriety has worn off. Suddenly I have all this free time. Now why can't I be fucking productive with it?..Since I've found myself in a bit of lazy fuckery litany just been working on cutting the shit out of my diet and hitting the gym in a less haphazard fashion. ..I'm not going to lie to you folks. I thought I was over a lot of shit from my past but I'm not. I miss sex with randoms. I miss dancing all night long. I miss the excitement the energy the full on bravado alcohol gave you to do the stupidest shit you can imagine. ..My friends would never pressure me to drink. But apparently drinking is the recreational activity available to my age group. At least the only one I'm pretty good at. Nevertheless since I abandoned booze I feel I concomitantly abandoned all my friends in the process. ..I hang out with absolutely no one know. My brother on occasion (who is and always will be my best friend but still he's my brother) and an inordinate amount of time with my girlfriend. She gives me shit for not wanting to do shit and go out on "dates" (whatever those are supposed to be /s). I pretty much spend all time with her. But I'd rather just lounge around and read or watch a good movie. If I'm not drinking I have no inclination whatsoever to go out. ..Also she drinks pretty rarely. But when she does she does get kind of flirty when she's drunk (flirty as in with not only me). Harmless in and of itself I supposed. Nonetheless it kind of makes get repulsed at her drunk self. Though she's always very horny by the end of the night. Which is a plus I guess. But basically drunk people in general are fucking repulsive when I'm sober. Though I secretly wish I could be one of them. It's a very paradoxical feeling and makes me sick if I dwell on it too much. ..I love sobriety. I love drinking. I'm holding on to the one that will give me a real life because alcohol and me don't mix all that well. But god help me I feel the shadow of relapse on my shoulder...Here's to another sober day. Sipping on green tea and cheap cigarettes.
----------immediate responses--------

Try [this book](http://www.amazon.com/Feeling-Good-New-Mood-Therapy/dp/0380810336).  I can tell you are wrestling with a negative thought pattern.  I was in a similar state (although I had been sober for a number of years when I recognized it).  AA would call this "stinking thinking"...The book (check out the reviews) was recommended to me by my therapist who has met the author. I was feeling better more positive about my life by the end of the first chapter...It sounds to me (18+ years sober) that like me *drinking* was your hobby pastime and relaxation.  You need a new one.  And it may take a while to figure out what it is.  Could be fishing could be a new pet aquariums coin collecting church bingo astronomy or astrology.  But you need something to look forward to instead of looking back at what *used to* be fun even though you know it was killing you. ..Stay sober.  Life is better sober and six months (from memory here) is not enough time to "re-route' all the neural pathways that need to change...We're pulling for you.
Congratulations for 6 months. Hang in there man your an inspiration to all of us just getting started.
I'm going through the beginnings of my 3rd stint (and I hope final) of sobriety. First one lasted about 6 months just short of you.. .But I swear my sex drive went *up* not down while sober. Could've been the constant exercise but it did go up. And I didn't like it either when someone was drunk it made me think if they'd be the same sober which would kinda kill the mood for me.
Idk of you go to AA meetings or not. The club next to me has karaoke bowling and bingo. Even if you're not huge into the AA culture it's still a great opportunity to enjoy sober fun with sober people...What did you do before drinking? Sports? Music? Maybe pick some of those up again...Or take the money you'd spend on booze and spend it elsewhere yoga martial arts music lessons. Maybe even dance lessons with the lady? Downtime is my biggest trigger and I constantly catch myself slipping into a dry drunk just gotta keep myself busy
&gt;But apparently drinking is the recreational activity available to my age group. At least the only one I'm pretty good at. Nevertheless since I abandoned booze I feel I concomitantly abandoned all my friends in the process. ..Meh if you can't do things with your friends without drinking they aren't really friends now are they? Had the same thing happen to me when the state told my 19-year-old self to stop drinking two years and six days ago. The only person who stuck around was an ex/fuckbuddy and I drove her away real quick...Be careful with the boredom/free-time. Chances are if you find yourself camped in front of the tv 'lounging' every night you're not particularly fun to be around. Sounds quite a bit like the dry drunk I went on for the three months I put together on my own those two years ago...Seriously though give AA a shot (if you don't already). At 5.5 months I actually value the social interaction I get there rather than dreading it like I did at 1...
Congratulations on 6 months! That is a huge accomplishment and don't undermine yourself.  Sometimes it's good to pause take a deep breath and remember all the reasons that lead to the reasons why you stopped drinking in the first place; all the awful experiences and juxtapose that with everything that you've gained in your life since you've stopped as well.  For example you talk about school being stressful but I bet you're trying harder than you did before ;)..A quick thought on your friends but if they know you've stopped drinking and won't do anything else but go to bars with you then maybe they're not really friends.  When I sobered up I had to change some of my friendship circle because I realized with some of my friends all we had in common was booze or weed.  I'm not saying your friends are mean or shallow people but I felt it was worth noting my experience...Sometimes its hard to come up with fun non-drinking ideas especially being young like yourself or I but there are many.  I tried rock-climbing early in sobriety and it was a blast bowling any sort of sport really.  The other side of the coin is because you're not spending money on booze you now have more money available to try new things out :)  Just some thoughts
thank you for this.  you are a good writer.  and i definitely relate to what you described.  funny how we can love booze and sobriety at the same time.
congrats on 6 months.  I know where you are at mentally too.  I still find myself reminiscing about the "old me"... at times I wonder who I am now but the best part is *I* get to decide who I am now... Im no longer a caricature of myself a huge drunk cliche.  I get to choose my actions and thoughts not the booze.  Sure the past was exciting but the thought of living clean and doing new things with my life is even more exciting.  Living in the now knowing that I have full control of my life... that is much more exciting.  I get to do what I want be who I want treat people the way I want... all without being clouded by alchohol.  You can do it too... I know its tough but we always remember the past as being so much better than it truly was... and thats ok you just have to rewire your thinking to be less excited about the past and more excited about the future!  
