-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/qrtxq/struggling_lately/

Hello fellow redditors... ..Lately I've been struggling with a lot of thoughts. I don't want to drink anymore. I dont want to use anymore. I've just been getting more and more depressed constantly. I keep thinking that it's not even worth it to keep struggling. Staying sober is a constant struggle. I've almost made it to 9 months sober and my sanity has yet to return. I have yet to be fully free of my loneliness. I wouldnt even call it loneliness however because no matter who walked in my door it wouldnt help my situation. ..I'm currently taking Zoloft but it has sort of stopped working. ..I'm wondering if anyone has any advice or experience in dealing with this. .TL;DR - Since the struggle of fighting alcoholism and addiction is so tough to stay sober is there anything good that can come out of life? What's the point of living? What makes life meaningful? 
----------immediate responses--------

 When I hear somebody sigh  Life is hard' I am always tempted to ask  Compared to what?'  - Sydney Harris..I don't know if this is helpful or not but I have felt the way you do before. I think a lot of people have. This is the way I look at it now:..When you have nothing left to lose you have everything to gain. You are completely free to do whatever your heart desires. The world is a beautiful place and every being has a purpose. Go on an adventure and find yours.
That's really rough man.  I'm sorry to hear it...I know from your previous posts that you're an AA guy.  I saw you tell someone earlier today:..&gt;Today is all you have. You don't have five days and other people dont have 20 years. If you can make it through 1 day at a time feelsgoodman.jpg..And this was in a thread where he was explaining how his badge helped him to stay sober. In other words thinking about the days under his belt *helped* him.  Why would you tell him to forget about those 5 days?  "All I have is today" is great in some situations but there's nothing wrong with finding inspiration in what you've already accomplished.  Instead of thinking "Today is all I have" why not think "Yeah I have 9 months!" ? ..AA is a great plan for getting sober but I think it fails a lot of people because they learn to repeat the mantras but don't actually *believe in* the mantras.  It's true that "one day at a time" is how we all get sober.  But I know that for me focusing on "One day at a time" each day would keep the idea of drinking fresh in my mind and I'd always be yearning for a drink...What's the best way to get over a heartbreak?  Is it to keep looking at your ex's Facebook page every day or is it to cut her out of your life completely?  I think if you keep checking the Facebook page every day it'll only keep the struggle alive.  Drinking is the same way. For me at least.  I don't want to think "One day at a time" I want to think "OK I'm done with that.  What's next?"..I quit smoking 10 or so years ago and while I did do the "One day at a time" thing initially I don't still wake up each day thinking "OK I just have to get through today without smoking."  I don't even *think* about smoking - because I'm a non-smoker.  There's no daily struggle there's nothing to wrestle with...Why not try picturing yourself as a non-drinker instead of as a recovering alcoholic who's trying to get through one day at a time?  Think of the idea of never drinking again.  Comprehend it.  Get comfortable with it.  Tell yourself "I don't drink."  Just like you (maybe) don't smoke or like you don't enjoy eating liver.  It's just not something you do.  This exercise has helped me to move the idea of drinking completely out of my mind.  I don't think "OK how can I make it through today" I think "What's next?"..It sounds like some of the problems that cause you to drink are still lingering. And I think those are tough to overcome when you're so focused on just getting though each day.  I's hard to find meaning in life when you only focus on "today."  Why not open that up a bit?  Imagine the future.  Picture yourself as a non-drinker. Picture the things you want to do and imagine yourself doing them.  Then get out and do them.  You have a whole life ahead of you.  If I were you I'd stop focusing on today and start asking myself "What's next?"
One thing that I do for my off-and-on battles with depression is reach out to another struggling alcoholic now and then in or near "the rooms" of AA...It doesn't have to be anything dramatic either.  I can simply be talking with someone who is new and trying to help them understand some simple tool we use for continuous sobriety...As for the point of living I face that question too and I often feel that there's no *inherent* meaning in life although I'm not sure that this is true.  As corny as it sounds the best answer I've run into is that the point in life is to be there to help others...And don't get me wrong... I'm still about as selfish and self-centered as a person can be a lot of the time.  But I've made a little bit of progress and I actually do occasionally try in person to be helpful to others...And it's worth noting that no matter what the answers to these question are and no matter if you're depressed on any given day a drink will never make things better in the long run.  You would just have the same issues... PLUS the hangover etc.
Hey friend! We are pretty close in sobriety times...I noticed lately that I really needed to start doing something about my thoughts and all the skewy things I believe. So I started getting more involved with AA got a sponsor and all that jazz. Honestly I've found it really helpful. That's just my experience...Reaching out is really important. We can't do this alone...Edit: the meaning of life? I still believe that it's just nature pure egg and sperm that WE personally got here. No real big meaning. We're just animals with a massive frontal cortex with the ability to be self-aware. With that comes a lot of good things and in our society a lot of struggles for many of us. ..I've come to believe that we make meaning in our lives. We create our existence we take what we were born with and learned and use that to create a meaningful existence so we can learn how to navigate this world. 
[deleted]
I know this won't make you feel better but try to look at it this way - you've moved on from the active alcoholic's crisis mode bandage approach to life management to a more basic existential question that has dogged mankind since the beginning. It's pretty amazing you've moved on from Heineken to Heidegger so to speak in just a few short months...I don't know where you stand with the whole God thing but I do really believe this - alcoholism for a lot of people comes down to looking for spirituality at the wrong address. Finding meaning contentment and fulfillment along spiritual lines has been one of the biggest rewards I've received from sobriety and probably the one that keeps me the most sane. I don't know your background or what you're looking for but you're certainly not alone in looking for meaning and there are plenty of people that have found life changing meaning in spiritual practices myself included.
