-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/qt85f/time_to_quit_i_think/

So a bit of family background first: Paternal Uncle was a serious alcoholic entered AA relapsed repeat several times - eventually lost his license for 15 years after rolling his third car. Maternal Grandfather was an alcoholic. Maternal Uncle still is. Father has been drinking heavily the past five years...Personal background... started drinking socially at 17 somewhat regularly by 20 diagnosed with PTSD/Panic Attacks at 21 Chron's Disease at 24 and just sort of been drinking more and more since and usually alone. (I'm 27 in a month) Recently I've realized (due to throwing bottles away...) that I'm doing 2-3 1.5 liters of 80proof vodka a week easily...I don't really black out (although I can recall a few occasions where I have) I don't get hungover - never miss work or anything and I have  a good job that pays well with a lot of responsibilities - and I don't drink during the day. Not out of any sort of moral line I won't cross I just don't have the desire to...The nights I don't drink (usually because I ran out and am not feeling up to facing anybody outside my house) I feel VERY bleeeehhhh. Just apathetic about everything....So yeah... I'm worried that this will just get worse and worse. And it's certainly NOT healthy. I'm certain others here have been in similar situations. Any advice for taking the dive and quitting? I'm wondering how hard it will be for me and a bit apprehensive - I did smoke 2 packs a day for 6 years then quit in one day with no problems so maybe this will be similar...=/
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I did smoke 2 packs a day for 6 years then quit in one day with no problems so maybe this will be similar...I found that quitting smoking was a lot harder than quitting drinking. ..But it's probably easier to live your daily life as a non-smoker than as a non-drinker.  You tell people that you quit smoking and they say "Awesome I wish I could quit!"  But tell people that you've quit drinking and they things like "Why?" and "Come on you can have just one can't you?"  I think it's much easier to relapse when you quit drinking...Whatever you did to quit smoking do that for drinking. It should work at least initially. Then get a plan together for dealing with drinking situations.  Tell people that you don't drink and come up with a reason you're comfortable explaining to people. No one cares why you don't smoke but they all seem to want to know why you don't drink.  Maybe even avoid those situations altogether...Where there's a will there's a way right?  You can do it!
Isn't the question "have you ever had blackouts" not "do you regularly have blackouts"?  Just asking because when I got sober I thought the same as you did about the very few blackouts I had had in my early 20s...When I quit drinking I still had a good job and never missed work because of drinking; I didn't drink during the day during the work week though I would drink at lunch at my previous job...If you think you may have a problem you should quit before it becomes more difficult to stop; and definitely before it causes you any problems in your life...As to how just don't drink.  You don't have to drink if you don't want to and you don't have to drink even if you do want to.  If you hit a rough day just promise yourself you'll drink tomorrow but not today...If you find it difficult to do alone you can try some AA meetings - it helped me get sober and different meetings have different "feels".  (If you go try to notice the similarities not the differences.  And take what you want and leave the rest.)..Good luck!
&gt; I'm doing 2-3 1.5 liters of 80proof vodka a week easily..I don't really black out (although I can recall a few occasions where I have) I don't get hungover - never miss work or anything and I have a good job that pays well with a lot of responsibilities - and I don't drink during the day. Not out of any sort of moral line I won't cross I just don't have the desire to..The nights I don't drink (usually because I ran out and am not feeling up to facing anybody outside my house) I feel VERY bleeeehhhh. Just apathetic about everything...I was in a very similar situation two years ago. I had a nice job and I loved drinking and playing video games after work. I would go through about 3 1.5 liter containers of 80 proof vodka every week but not during the day and not necessarily every night. It didn't affect my job and I was having lots of fun (except the nights I didn't drink.) Life was fine...Then things got worse. There were fewer nights where I didn't drink I'd have my first drink earlier in the day I started going through more alcohol every week. Just small gradual changes that aren't too easy to notice. It became this routine of poisoning myself every day just to make listening to music or playing video games more fun..Eventually as it got worse over time it started to affect my job performance relationships with my family and friends and shit started to go downhill for me. Which led to more drinking to stay "happy". I am now in a really bad spot but just two years ago I had my own house and a good job that paid well with lots of responsibilities -- everything was fine...I'm not trying to say that this is definitely going to happen to you but I will say that just a few years ago I would have *never* thought that this would happen to me...If you suspect that you are drinking too much and if you feel different on sober nights just call it quits before it has a chance to take control over you. Good luck playa.
Update......Haven't drank in 13 days. It's been a little rough. The first 7 days were hard I kept wanting to have a drink (even in the morning!) but I just steered clear. Got some pretty nasty headaches and stuff the third day lasted until the end of the week...Read about this before - I had the 'got drunk last night' dream where I woke up thinking I had gotten drunk thinking "fuck it" and feeling like I had failed. Even when I realized I had failed I didn't feel much better...Really would love a drink now. No alcohol in the house. Doing okay though. Thanks for the kind words and advice so far guys.
