-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/qx5yw/checking_inwith_a_big_smile/

Man you guys are all awesome. Thanks for all the support and kind words about the breakup...Thought I'd give an update. I realized that looking back I was getting back into the cycle of co-dependency with this guy I was dating. There was one time specifically after his last relapse that a voice inside my head said "Victoria get the fuck out" But like a good co-dependent and caring woman I decided to 'stick it out'..I also realized I was minimizing his using. I told myself well he's not relapsing on alcohol so I can have him in my life...Truth is...lol I am a fucking alcoholic and my thinker is still a lil on the broken side. I thought dating in the program would be awesome and it might be for some. But two sickies don't make a well-y...Saturday morning after the breakup I went to a meeting...and got asked to speak at a two year celebration at the end of the month. I've never been a speaker at an AA meeting before and let me tell you it's a huge fucking honor in my mind...Also to reiterate Program_Buddhist: drinking would have made it all a lot worse. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!   I look at all those with badge numbers larger than mine as inspiration.  I also look at those with badge numbers lower than mine as inspiration...  Your strength is incredibly inspiring.
Glad to hear it.  Congrats on making it through.
glad to hear things have gotten better for you. i hate it when one of us is going thru a bad time. its fucking awesome you made it without drink
Yay! Being asked to speak is a tremendous honor. I'm so proud of you!
Fuckin A right! Keep on trudgin' sister
[deleted]
Nice job recognizing the relationship wasn't the best for you and being strong enough to break it off. I met my wife outside the rooms when I got sober the first time many years ago. Watching my AA friends date within the program it was certainly a lot less drama to date someone outside AA. We're still married 17 years later and the only other marriage I know of that lasted was another buddy who married outside the program. Just sayin.
My sponsor's comment on dating within the program is  don't shop in the dented can aisle . I recently had something happen that a little while ago would have sent me into a self esteem shit storm. Instead I handled it with dignity intact and actually it made things less complicated. **we will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us**
I'm really happy to know you are coming through all of this with your sobriety and with a story that's more powerful than ever...And I wish I could take credit for the line I think you were referring to.  I can't.  I got if from my sponsor who got it from his sponsor.  But it's so good I'll repeat it here... it could help a lot of people:.."There's no problem I could have in my life today that a drink or a drug couldn't make worse."
Congratulations and good luck with the speaking!..Reading in this sub often makes me quite relieved I'm not dating. :)
Rock and roll! 
