-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/r70d7/what_to_do_with_my_free_time/

I've been an on again off again drinker since 2007 after my girlfriend and I split.  Some details on that are that we dated for four years and this girl was someone I would have considered marriage with.  Our relationship however was mentally abusive not physically abusive.  We pushed each others buttons and we lived and worked together all the time we never had time apart.  Eventually as you can guess we became sick of seeing each other every single minute of every single day so I decided we needed a break.  This break lead to her sleeping with another person and that was that we were done.  Because the relationship was so involved I didn't know what to do when I was out of it.  All my friends and such were mutual so I didn't really have any of them when after we split.  .I was dealing with major depression and just didn't know where to turn to make the pain stop.  Eventually I decided alcohol would help me dull the pain.  It did just that but it also started my career as a problem drinker.  While my drinking since then has slimmed down considerably I still find myself drinking by myself out of boredom.  I have goals and deadlines I want to achieve but they seem to mean nothing as I constantly set them back.  When I come home from work (I work retail) I often find myself wondering what I'm going to do for the rest of the day and/or evening.  Drinking usually comes to mind when nothing is planned but I don't like doing it because most of my plans are impromptu and I don't want to be drinking prior to meeting up with my friends.  I've cancelled these plans on a dozen or so occasions over my drinking career so that I wouldn't do something stupid like drive drunk or get even more shitfaced.  I've read a post before about someone saying that they feel they are on "autopilot" when they think about liquor and just do it without actually ever really thinking about it.  The real problem is with boredom at least that is what I can surmise about my experiences thus far.  When I know I have nothing planned (even though I have things I want to achieve and can actively advance on) I always think about how to push it off.  This doesn't always result in an alcohol fueled night it results in me putting off everything that I want to achieve.  .How do you guys/girls deal with the boredom?  I remember from Clerks 2 Jay was saying that boredom is the first step to relapse.  I usually just watch TV all day when I'm free or play video games.  But sometimes when I don't want to do either I just drink and listen to music.  I'm just curious on what I should do to be able to be actively wanting to achieve my goals and not surrender to boredom and sometimes alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I am trying to figure this out too. I have made about 700 cookies made several useless trips to the store and wandered around the house aimlessly. 
[deleted]
My problem is that I am an alcoholic who has unrealistic expectations of what life is supposed to be like and the emotional maturity of a 5 year old...Boredom is a funny thing. I think I used to believe that life should always be exciting (chaos is my thing). Boredom is really just an appraisal of how things are going. Meaning that it's just perspective. One person's boredom is another person's serenity. ..When my time isn't filled with things to do for recovery stuff sometimes I just sit in my boredom state and enjoy it. Like shit I am so bored right now. And that's it. That's all I do. It's super uncomfortable for me to be bored so I do it once in awhile.
Check out the /r/stopdrinking HALL OF WISDOM (right sidebar)...I found it very hard to find things to do in the early days of sobriety but I worked on it. If I thought of something to try I put it on a list and when I was bored I would pick something from the list...Now I am mostly productively occupied. If I truly cant find something I want to do/try I go to bed! It works  :)
what *isn't* there to do???..hit the gym take a walk in the park see a play go hiking skating biking (or whatever you like to do) read a book do a puzzle visit the museum take a cooking class (or anything else that looks interesting if you have an adult learning annex) volunteer somewhere...anywhere teach yourself a new skill (someone suggested learning a programming language on a different thread) take up yoga tai chi or qi gong martial arts take up archery or target shooting...If that short list doesn't stir up some ideas [here are 100 things to do that are cheap or free](http://www.thesimpledollar.com/2008/07/17/100-things-to-do-during-a-money-free-weekend/). And I only post the cheap/free list because whatever your budget it sounds like you have a considerable amount of time to fill...Frankly I'd love to have time to pursue all of my interests but having a family cuts into a lot of it...Just get out there and investigate anything you find even remotely interesting. This is a tremendous opportunity not simply to alleviate boredom but also for discovery &amp; growth...I find physical activities or activities that are incompatible with drinking to be best.  eg: it's pretty tough to hike 5 miles up hill with a buzz but I can easily kill a 6 pack during 9 holes of golf.
Ride a bike. Just one opinion.
AA meetings AA clubhouses reading AA literature keeping a journal working the steps and exercising.
As someone else mentioned ride a bike. It works for me. I just got done pumping my heart at 170bpm for an hour straight made some chamomile tea and took some Valerian root.. .Now after my heart is down to around 70 I'm going to clean said bike with lemon pledge. YES LEMON PLEDGE. (not the rims or shoes just the frame and brake mechanisms. It's better than wax and it does protect it) And oil the chain back up we had a lot of rain here in Dallas and I wound up going through a damn puddle.. .Heck it keeps me busy for the next few hours. It's also kinda zen-like. I'd do my motorcycle up but it's too cold today for that and I'm kinda tired. Oh I'm going to learn how to cook pressed tofu correctly tonight too. And hit up an AA meeting if nothing but for the coffee they actually have really good coffee there. Someone springs for Ruta Maya every other Wed.. .I take it day by day. Yesterday I learned that the onboard Intel HD chip on optiplexes doesn't allow SGI's version of texture compression and had to hunt for a repository so my son could play Quake 4 on it. (He's been begging for months to play it and there is a native linux port... so I HAD to figure it out since it'd play it on the same machine with windows...). Posted my research on my site helped others out. If I was drinking I'd probably just say his computer couldn't do it... but with a sober mind I figured it the hell out after a ton of research.
I work on cars and play video games.
Watching TV all day and playing video games is a fast track to boredom. It is not that these things are bad but if you do them to excess they negatively impact your life. That is a type of behavior that people engage in whey they are trying to kill time - not a good mental attitude for a life away from alcohol and drugs. ..I need a good balance of physical and mental stimulation and I suspect you do too. I suggest you spend time in nature and do a bit of exercise. I work on the computer most of the day but I make a deliberate effort to spend time outside each afternoon   even if it is only to sit in my garden and read a book on my iPad. I also exercise every day.  It also might be a good idea to learn something like mindfulness meditation as this will allow you to understand where these feelings of boredom are coming from and how to work with them..
You've said a lot about the impulses you're trying to free yourself from but nothing about your actual *goals*.  ..Take some time and list them.  Type them.  Post them.  Make it official that *these are things you want to achieve*.  ..It won't be easy and will take some serious mental effort if you haven't actually listed your own goals to yourself but I urge you to do so.  We're supporters here it's safe.
Invest in a gym membership.  I went to costco and spent 220 dollars on a two year membership to 24 hour fitness membership.  It's seriously one of the best things i've ever spent money on.  Even if I don't feel like working out sometimes I'll go there and just shoot hoops or sit in the sauna for a while.   
It will be two years next June since I've started putting my life back together (and as you see from my badge it's been a bumpy road ;)). When I look at my life now and then there are two things that stick out: now I work out and I write...Writing has always been my calling but I was too scared to actually do it. I gave up sometime around my 20s. And working out was the last thing I would have thought I'd enjoy ten years ago (I was that kid in high school who was bullied by jocks and couldn't catch a ball if my life depended on it and it was high school dammit it kind of did)...Turns out those two things take a lot of space in my life now and they make me happy. So my advice is try to find something you used to love but gave up as you grew up. I'm sure you have something you used to do and love before the drinking started and have given up since. And if you can't think of anything: work out! Can't hurt. :P..Other ideas: meditation learn a foreign language watch all the TV series you can illeguuurgh I mean buy on DVDs that sort of things. ;)
