-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/rotcn/day_one/

I have decided that today will be the first day of the rest of my life.  I am 36 years old.  My struggles with alcohol began about three years ago when I separated from my wife.  I began to drink very heavily.  For the last three years I've drank a 750ml bottle of grey goose vodka every night (I know it's about as much as a mortgage payment).  I am done using alcohol to mask my emotions.  I am also a diagnosed type II Bipolar.  Obviously these two diseases generally go hand in hand.  I'm going to make today MY Independence Day.  I'll need your help r/stopdrinking!  Any words of advice or wisdom would be much appreciated.  My last drink was at 10PM last night.  So I'm approaching 24 hours without a drink.  So far so good.
----------immediate responses--------

1) Exercise 2) Eat well 3) Let yourself indulge in anything as long as it's not drinking.  4) Read the old threads on this sub 5) If you need a support system like AA or something like that get on it...Getting through the first few days was the hardest for me.  Just remember that the crazy thoughts running through your head will not be there in a week's time.  ..Good luck!  You can do this!
I'm on Day 4. I woke up the last two days feeling like I had a hangover even though I hadn't had anything. Today really sucked more than the others. I know I'm lucky on the withdraw symptoms by comparison but I don't imagine it's ever fun. What helps me is drinking green and chamomile tea drinking water taking Valerian root at night and remembering that the bad feelings will pass and with time I'll feel better. Sugary treats help with cravings- soda candy that kind of thing. My therapist recommended having a soda near the end of the work day to head off the cravings when you get home and I honestly think it helps. Coming on here helps with the motivation too. Congratulations on your decision- you're worth the effort!
Hey man good luck!.I'm a month in and I my life has gone through an absolute transformation. .I couldn't imagine myself living a life without alcohol but now I never want to go back..stick with it and it will get easier!
Brace yourself day 3 is hardcore. This weekend will be extremely hard too. If you start debating yourself about having a drink come have a chat here again :)
I was diagnosed bi-polar and am an alcoholic as well.  Working the AA program got me sober and continues to keep me sober.  Was on and off the meds per doctor's orders for 4 years before I had sufficiently matures emotionally and intellectually enough that I wasn't stressing myself out and triggering the chemical imbalance in my brain (bi-polar).  Good luck!
Hello there and congratulations on your decision.  I can identify with where you are at.  I am now 35 and I am coming up on being divorced for nearly a year now.  For me I knew my marriage was over approximately 3 years before the divorce actually took place but I hit the bottle real hard after our separation.  I guess I was trying to mask any residual pain or to just forget what my part of the failed marriage was...Then I started to go to meetings.  At first I just attended hungover.  Once the message started to sink in I finally realized that I can not drink no matter what.  Like talking to an ex-SO nothing good can come of it.  It was at this point that I finally was ready to move on in all aspects of my life...In retrospect I realize that alcohol and drug abuse were not my problems.  I was the problem and "issues" I had never dealt with in my past are what need to be dealt with in order to maintain my sobriety.  With this realization I came to a point where I realized that (for me) the 12-steps are a blueprint to changing my brain's wiring...I can't tell you that life is great being sober indeed a lot of things have happened that I would not consider great but "I" am better.  I am now able to cope with situations people and decisions that at one time drove me straight to my escape.  I know in time that life as I know it will get better.  In order for life to get better for me I had to come to terms with accepting life on life's terms.  Congratulations and good luck to you!
Hey I know I'm late to the game here but how are you doing?   Your story is kinda my story.  I started drinking about half to 3/4th of a bottle of vodka every night after my divorce 7 years ago.  I stopped 6 months ago when I realized it would kill me (woke up in the ER)..........What is your action plan for this?  How is your support network?  
Happy independence day! This can be the beginning of a new life for you... My advice to you would be to not allow yourself the option of a return to alcohol - this should be just something you don't do anymore. ..Write down all your reasons for wanting to quit and keep this document. You should also write down your aspirations for the future. Where would you like to be in 1 year 10 years or 50 years. What do you want out of life?..If you have a dual diagnosis then take each of these problems seriously. ..Don't think about this as giving something up because it is actually getting something new (something much better than intoxication)...Start focusing on your physical health but don't swap one addiction for another. ..Read something inspirational every day. What we read and listen to is food for the brain - junk in leads to junk out...Avoid negative people because they can pull you down. ..Develop a beginner's mind going forward...Believe in magic! A leopard can change its spots and that is magic..This is your second chance in life so don't fuck it up! There is no guarantee that you will get any more chances. .
I'm happy to hear this! I'm also beginning this journey so please feel free to message me if you feel you're about to stumble or crack! I can't quite offer the words of advice that the successful people on here can but we are taking a very similar journey at the same time!..I'm looking forward to see if I can be of any help!
