-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/rppdj/romancing_the_sober/

Hi everyone...........So this is kinda my 6 month check in (actually it's on Thursday).  There have been some rough days but overall I'm doing well.   I have a question that I'm hoping you can help with.................After a long talk with my boyfriend on Sunday about some struggles we are having we discovered that we don't really have a replacement for the romantic atmosphere that we used to enjoy at local wine bars.  There are some nice coffee shops in the area but I don't like to have caffeine at night.  The process of putting on a nice dress strapping on some sexy heels and heading out to some lush romantic place to linger over a few glasses of wine to relax and talk - well obviously we can't do it.  We do have a local tea house but it's always full of loud teenagers and definitely not so romantic a place to cap off an evening.................So my question -- How do you romance the sober?  Where do you go to unwind and relax and enjoy company?   
----------immediate responses--------

Find new places to go out to eat that you did not go to when drinking art museums plays stand-up concerts (not shows) parks or gardens hike to someplace cool to watch the sunset and try getting a massage together.  ..I was in a five year relationship that ended right as I got sober and I have started dating again at 9 months sober and I have found all these activities quite romantic.  It may be that they are all novel to me as my repertoire of drunken romancing involved drinking at a dive bar then doing coke all night in a hotel room.  The new opportunites are scary and exciting in a good way.  Congrats on 6 months and take care dear.
There is a small italian dessert place in a neighborhood nearby that I've replaced the after-dinner-drinks with. Maybe a little bakery?.
I assure you wonderful romantic nights can be had sober. Here is one of mine. I usually choose a setting like a nice secluded place in parks(small hikes can be fun) and have used nice baseball diamonds...I like to do romantic picnics with sparkling juice crackerscheeses(Havarti being my favorite) strawberries and chocolate. I purchased a nice picnic set and blanket...ohhh and a lantern with a candle adds to the walk...Congratulations on your impending 6 months!..All the best~..**scentless bug spray in the basket just in case.*.*typo..
[deleted]
[deleted]
