-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/rwbtb/drinking_relapse_like_a_wildfire_in_my_life/

I keep an exercise diary. I am a runner. Last year a year of (almost) complete sobriety I managed to average about 4.5 runs per week and a total of 1000 miles. It's my passion.  I had my first major return to drinking beginning mid February and it lasted off and on (mostly on) until 8 days ago...I am still digging out of that two months of mistakes.  I finally have gone back and filled in my running diary for that time. I ran zero times.  I went from running 5 days a week to not running at all. I missed 35 runs. The scary fucking thing is that I don't remember it. I don't remember thinking about what a massive change that was to my body my lifestyle and my just sense of self worth. I keep thinking 'was it really that long??' ..I look at that relapse and there is just a huge gaping hole in my training diary and it's a metaphor for the huge gaping hole that I had in my life during that time. I thought about other aspects - work marriage relationship with kids.  I pretty much posted a zero on all of those too!!  And I am not talking about fall down drunk episodes I am talking between 5 and 7 drinks most nights with an occasional 10 drink bender...It has been very helpful for me to do this 'after action review' to look back at what the fuck happened and make some changes. I am just lucky to have kept my job and wife in the meantime and not gotten a dui or worse. And somehow I've only put on a few pounds probably because I had no appetite from the drinking...Anyway just some thoughts about how alcohol for me is difficult to control and can cause a 'natural disaster' in my own life.  Here's to staying sober...
----------immediate responses--------

This is good for me to hear. I've got almost 5 months sober now and I was just thinking today how precious but also how fragile that is. It would be easy still to throw it all away very easy.  I'm glad you pulled out and did not suffer any consequences worse than what you described.
Wow what a great realization...Time to start posting wins again.  .Check in again soon!
[deleted]
Good post!  I had the same experience with my exercise diary except my gap was a few years long. :)  ..
