-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/rwdc7/raging_alcoholic_here_i_am_tired_of_feeling_like/

Alright I've just about had it with this shit...I started drinking a few years back when my marriage started falling apart.  It fell apart rather intensely and the problem got worse.  A few weeks after I moved out I found out she was pregnant with someone else's baby (no absolutely no chance it was mine).  So of course it got worse.  I would go through 3-4 bottles of hard liquor a week often missing work.  I would keep telling myself I would stop but I would always find a reason to go back to it.  You all know how easy it is to make excuses...I finally started to get better and really get it under control.  Then the unthinkable happened: I was charged with a felony.  Long story that I have no interest in going into but that alone drove it back full speed and it got worse than it ever did.  I even attempted suicide but thankfully I was an idiot about it and was not successful.  That was many months of extraordinary stress with alcohol being the only thing that could offer me any sort of relief albeit temporary.  So many days of feeling like shit but not caring.  So many missed days of work (although they were pretty good about it).  So many lost weekends...I had a girlfriend through all of that.  I was a pretty awful boyfriend but she would tell you otherwise.  I think she at least helped prevent me from making it worse than it already was.  ..At any rate the legal situation was resolved (charge dismissed) but old habits die hard.  It lightened up a bit but it is a fickle beast that I still struggle with...Now I really fucked up though.  I was hung over and call out of work but forgot to email my boss (emailed someone else just not him).  Without going into detail I got reamed pretty hard for it.  As of right now I still have a job but this is the sort of fuck up that can only happen once.  I think it is clear to me that this is the kick in the ass I needed...I'm done.  No more hard liquor no more drinking alone and any social drinking will be light and fluffy (my problem is specifically drinking hard liquor by myself ... social drinking isn't an issue ... even my therapist agrees on that).  No more fucking excuses.  I am going to sign up for a 5K and get back to running and also get back to weight lifting.  Starting a ketogenic diet today...I've lurked here for a while.  Time to be an active part of the community...**TL;DR:** Alcoholic that has been through too much shit and is tired of making excuses.  Going to try and go sober...EDIT:  Quite a few of your are suggesting that allowing social drinking is a very bad idea.  Thank you for that--I am going to take it under consideration.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to stopdrinking - I hope you find it to be as much help as I have.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Congrats on making a very tough but very rewarding choice. ...
Congratulations on your motivation!  We are all eager to see your progress.
[deleted]
I know you're going to hear a lot of this but you're setting yourself up to fail. Social drinking may not be your problem but allowing yourself to indulge it will inevitably set you back on the path toward resuming your alcoholism...When you carve out exceptions for yourself they tend to become the rule. At first you'll be good but then your definition of "social" drinking will start to expand. (If you go to a bar with friends you'll start to stick around until they're all gone; or if you go alone but talk to the bartender isn't that "social"?) Eventually you'll find yourself returning to your old habits...Basically if you leave any wiggle room it will sneak back in. So make it easy on yourself: Make a commitment to simply stop drinking period. You will no longer have to make choices about drinking (and alcoholics universally make terrible choices about drinking) because there will be only one possible answer: "No."..Meanwhile you'll discover that life without drinking is as good as life with drinking except without the hangovers blackouts social consequences and declining health.
&gt; I'm done. No more hard liquor no more drinking alone and any social drinking will be light and fluffy (my problem is specifically drinking hard liquor by myself ... social drinking isn't an issue ... even my therapist agrees on that)...Let us know how that works out for you in say six months or so.
What's going to be different this time?..
[deleted]
id say careful starting keto while quitting drinking. When I started paleo the withdraw from carbs was NASTY for about 2 weeks and I was not full keto...Get healthy quit bread and sugar but keep your fruits and veggies for a minute.
In a similar boat pm mem
In my experience it wasn't the episodes of social drinking when everyone is watching (or I have to drive) that got me- it's the craving it keeps alive for the times I *was* alone. I hope it goes well for you and I'm glad you're deciding to make a change. Take care thanks for reaching out.
