-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/s0ckt/more_than_one_type_of_drinker/

I always like to point out that there are a couple types of drinkers..1) Casual drinkers can take it or leave it alone. They have no problem setting booze aside for any one of a variety of reasons..2) Then there is a certain type of hard drinker. This type may be seeing some physical emotional or even legal distress from their drinking. They may struggle for a time but when push comes to shove they can DECIDE to QUIT and they QUIT for good and all. This may require some support some fellowship some spiritual growth but they can make the decision to do this..3) Then there is the Real Alcoholic. This type is universally regarded as hopeless. This is the type who can't set booze aside no matter what. Telling them "Just don't drink no matter what" is laughable because they ALWAYS drink - no matter what. No amount of physical distress legal danger no emotional pleas from loving family members will ever cause them to stop..What is the solution for this type? Meetings won't work praying to God won't work even threat of jails institutions or death won't work..The answer is a spiritual awakening as the result of taking the 12 steps. The real alcoholic has a physical allergy to booze (the bizarre phenomenon of craving that happens when I have 'just one'). They also have a mental obsession that convinces them to always go back to that 'just one'. The scope of these two parts is immaterial what matters is that the subject HAS THEM even a little bit. These two things are 100% untreatable in the Real Alcoholic. There is no solution to them in all of medical science. There is a third component however. A spiritual malady. This is what the 12 steps treat and when the Alcoholic straightens out spiritually he also straightens out mentally and physically..After meeting my sponsor we immediately rigorously commenced taking the steps out of the Big Book. I haven't had a drink since...and that's a miracle for someone who at age 21 had to drink just to open his eyes in the morning.
----------immediate responses--------

you say you were 21 when you needed to drink just to open your eyes in the morning what age were you when you stopped?
[deleted]
I always like to point out that this is true to **YOU**. Not me or anyone else here. You are not a doctor and shouldn't be classifying types of drinkers here. "This type is universally regarded as hopeless." No no it isn't. Only in AA is it regarded as hopeless. Please don't label my drinking problem and tell me you know the answer. That's not helpful. I understand you want to spread your message of AA but this is over the top. "There is no solution to them in all of medical science." Bring facts next time if you're making claims. In my opinion this post is not helpful to anyone. 
[deleted]
