-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/s5lim/do_some_people_not_experience_withdrawal_symptoms/

I am creating this thread because of this: ..>I used to drink until pretty damn drunk 2-4 times a week for many years. I'm the kind of drinker who cannot stop once I start. I am almost certain I'm dependent due to cravings and habits however I've never experienced any withdrawal symptoms when stopping drinking..I had a couple months under my belt before I relapsed for a few weeks and I'm now once again on day 12. Still no symptoms just feeling a little better every day..I actually kind of worry about it. It makes that part of my brain that craves alcohol try to convince me that I'm not addicted and so why not drink. In some ways I wish I had withdrawal to face in order to feel like I made it through that first wall...**To which I replied:** ...*I experienced the same thing the first two times I tried to stop. Just mild cravings that weren't even that bad. It was more of a mind game than anything else..The first time it was about a week the second time was a week and a half. Like you I didn't really experience any withdrawal symptoms. I also drank about the same as you. In fact this is a good question. I think you should make a thread. Maybe we're relatively light drinkers? I have no idea.*..I'm really curious now. Has this happened to anyone else? Why does this happen? My third go/third day I experienced some depression and anxiety but i went for a long walk and that was pretty much the end of it. .
----------immediate responses--------

Be grateful you haven't experienced bad withdrawals. ..I never got withdrawals when I drank 2-4 times a week either. But when my alcoholism progressed and I was drinking everyday I did...It gets worse the more you drink. You're not in the clear from this. One day at a time my friend.
My response is in no way scientific but I think it has something to do with how long you have been drinking as well. The first time I quit I had bad withdrawals for four or five days but I had been pickling myself on a daily basis for about 15 years straight. I screwed up after about 30 days of no alcohol and went back to drinking for about a week. The second time I quit I really didn't have any physical withdrawals besides just being hung over the morning I decided to get back on track. The third and final time I screwed up(I hope) it was pretty much the same thing no physical withdrawals what so ever. Just the mental stuff shame and cravings.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This turned out to be a very interesting thread.
No real physical withdrawal symptoms for me either so far but my drinking was limited usually to 1-2 times per week. All I have noticed is that I have been very dehydrated for these past 6 days and also experienced mild stomach pain on days 2 and 3...What made me want to quit was not the amounts that I was drinking in a week but rather the fact that I was unable to control how much I was going to drink when I sat down with that first glass and the consequences of that.
Id put down a pitcher or more a day so far the symptoms come and go they come in waves i have taken more showers today then i can count its a good thing i dont pay for water the shakes come and go usuly last less the 30 min when i feel them coming on i just find something to do
[deleted]
I had a pretty heavy drinking habit but about 2-3 months before I finally quit it escalated asymptotically.  On top of abusing benzos I started drinking more and more hard liquor every day until I started getting some really weird symptoms during the day when I ran out of the pills.  I drank more to cover up for that and at the end I was drinking myself to severe physical dependence to cover up benzo withdrawal.  Not fun...I got the sweats shakes SEVERE depersonalization SEVERE anxiety and messed up vitals and at the end some very bizarre (but not overly intense) hallucinations.  I made it to the hospital and detoxed with Ativan and Librium.  Never had a seizure didn't really go into DTs but man... it is some serious scary shit...If you are scared of the consequences of quitting GET. HELP.  Tell people you trust what you are doing.  Talk to a doctor.  I was crippled by fear and had to be found and carted to the hospital because I was too scared of telling anyone about it.
[deleted]
I was drinking a liter of whiskey or 2 boxes of wine a day.  I had 3 seizures and had to be hospitalized for my withdrawals where I was treated for Wernicke's encephalopathy.  The hallucinations were horrible and even with massive doses of valium I didn't sleep at all for the first four days.  I have done permanent nerve damage to my leg and ever since I did alcohol withdrawals I get sleep paralysis (which is scarier than it sounds) about once a month--I don't technically know if this is connected but I never had sleep paralysis until I stopped drinking.  I think it really depends on how much you drink and if you do it continuously. 
I was the one who originally posted the question in Im_Fucking_Done's thread...I was drinking a pint of 80-100 proof liquor and a few beers about 2-4 times a week.  When I started earlier in the day I'd often also go through another half pint as well.  Two times I managed to drink an entire litre of booze in a night.  This all grew over time maybe about 10 years.  I'd say for the last 3 or so it's been this bad...I have never had withdrawal symptoms though which I long used as an excuse.  I was able to quit for a week or two even a month once in a while so I kept convincing myself that I didn't really have a problem...I finally had enough when I realized how much I was lying to my wife and that if I kept it up I would be a poor father to my kids (or worse divorced or dead).  Late last year I came clean to my wife and went to some meetings.  I got about two months under my belt when I fell off the wagon on a business trip.  I eventually got back to where I started lying and all.  My wife caught asked me if I was drinking again and I came clean yet again.  It was actually a huge relief...I'm 13 days sober again and still no symptoms.  Like I said in my previous post though I kind of wish I did have them.  First of all I feel like I deserve it second of all I'm worried that my booze brain might try it's old tricks.  I keep reminding myself of all the great reasons I have not to drink though so I'm hoping to make it this time...Thanks for posting this and thanks to everyone for the replies it makes me feel a lot better to know others have faced these same problems.
