-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sg8ag/reflections_on_a_year/

So it's been one year since I stopped drinking. I have to admit it feels wonderful. One year ago I was being dragged into my seventh detox. All seven had been over the span on one year. This isn't counting the ones I was taken to and then ran away from. I knew for a long time I had to stop but I couldn't keep myself away...I did the AA program. I knew for me that it would be the only thing that would work despite the detox trips not even starting until after I started to go to meetings. It wasn't what I wanted to do. I've been an atheist for a long time and really didn't like the god/higher power concept. I knew I was dying though so I had to give in and try the best I could. I feel very fortunate to live in New York where you can find many sober AA atheists who are willing to help you find what will work for you. My third and current sponsor is very christian but that has never caused any contention between us. ..I went through the steps quickly in about 90 days. This was key for me. I had to get really involved in changing myself. Since those first 90 I have hardly thought about drinking. It truly has become a non-issue for me. I still go to meetings do service and try to help the next alcoholic. ..A few months ago I had to have back surgery. My roommate (also in the program) dispensed my medication to help prevent a slip. I wasn't even tempted and was able to get off all the pain killers in about two weeks. ..I'm doing well at work again. I'm starting to rebuild relationships with my family and friends which I damaged so thoroughly before. I can show up when I say I am. I'm starting to pay back all the money I owe. I've decided and have taken steps to get back into school. I am no longer all over the place emotionally. ..A year ago I could not have dreamed the direction my life is going. If I could I wouldn't have wanted it. Living it now though is a wonderful experience. I can be happy for the first time in years. I feel I can be useful and productive. I no longer feel like a total waste...I hope anyone struggling can find some encouragement here. I don't care what method you use to get sober if it works for you. I will say your only chance of getting over it is change. Just putting the drink down will not be enough. You have to learn to be a better person. This takes work and practice. ..For those still reading a little [treat.](http://omfgdogs.com/)
----------immediate responses--------

Got caught in the spam filter. Thanks for sharing :) And thanks for the awesome treat at the end.
I approve of the puppies. And well done on getting your life together. You rock.
&gt;I don't care what method you use to get sober if it works for you. I will say your only chance of getting over it is change. Just putting the drink down will not be enough. You have to learn to be a better person. This takes work and practice...Truly wise words.  I've been "sober" in the past and I was never comfortable with that sobriety because all I did was stop drinking.  This time around I'm doing a lot of intra-personal-type work and it's made all the difference.  I don't do AA but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't doing many of the "steps" though perhaps a bit inadvertently...Congrats on your year &amp; on life-changing success.  Wishing you many more happy years.
