-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sm8hh/whats_your_passionate_hope_about_sobriety/

Do you have a hope about sobriety that gets a fire lit in your chest? It can be an attained goal that keeps you sober a strong wish that encourages you to keep trying or even a beaten down struggling voice that persists in spite of setbacks...For me it's envisioning a me whose identity has successfully separated from her addiction. I know the alcoholic in me will always be there but sometimes I can see clearly a girlreachingout24 who no longer feels irrevocably linked with her addiction and all the baggage that entails. A me who goes a few days (maybe weeks?!) without thinking about a drink. Who can drive by a bar without a sense of longing or loss. Of course there are many benefits to quitting but this is one of the hopes that lends me strength when I can't bring myself to care about the others...Please tell me a driving thought that helps you stay sober or pushes you to try or try again.
----------immediate responses--------

Very tough question. ..I'd say that my biggest motivator is the inner peace &amp; clarity that I experience each day. If that sounds like a bunch of trite &amp; corny BS at least it's a *sincere* bunch of trite &amp; corny BS.  I used to spend my days bouncing up and down on a caffeine &amp; alcohol fueled roller coaster. Filled with anxiety &amp; worry always either on my way up or on my way down.  Ever since I've given up both I feel calm most of the time.  I don't want to lose that calm feeling. It's taken me far too long to achieve it.  The day-to-day peace (or perhaps lack of inner turmoil) is what keeps me going...My biggest *hope* is that when it comes my time to slip out of this world I don't have any regrets.  I hope I didn't leave anything undone.  I hope I don't look back on my life and think "I wish I hadn't wasted so much of my time.  Oh well too late now."
I was given a last chance that I didn`t expect or deserve...I hope I don`t waste it.
Quitting drinking was the most selfish thing I have ever done.  I quit only for myself to better my life.  When I was drinking I was self destructive.  I would blow off friends to stay at home and drink myself to sleep throw up all over the apartment stand in front of the mirror and tell myself how worthless I am drink all the alcohol in sight worry if I was sober enough to drive to school in the morning and cry all the time.  I hated myself.  Do I ever want to go back to that? Never.  My brain tells me differently but I know deep down that I am infinitely better off without it.
No real hope sobriety has made everything so much better. I know I will never do that to myself again. 
I decided about a year ago (months obviously before I got sober) that the person I wanted to be in life was a person who didn't drink. I just finally got the courage to go for it. If I don't drink nothing can stop me. I have the smarts and the career path to be very successful I just have to stay off the booze!
[deleted]
The AA Promises to come true. Especially: we will intuitively know how to handle situations which used to baffle us...That's the fire in my sober belly.
[deleted]
