-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sobp1/resetting_my_badge/

Well four years of sobriety is gone not that it's ok or anything but what happened I felt had to happen because the quality of my sobriety was really going downhill.  I chalk this up to myself because I no longer made my recovery my number one priority I made my career number 1 instead.  I stopped going to meetings I stopped being of service I didn't have a sponsor for a very long time I still had my step-group but it was clearly the only thing keeping me in check for a while.  ..My relapse lasted only a week and a half but it's eye-opening how fast things deteriorated in that time.  Thankfully I'm well aware of how much worse it could get and thus if I'm lucky I've caught it before it can get really bad again.   It was such a subtle descent into relapse transpiring over months that it snuck up on me and all of a sudden I was asking myself "how did this happen?"  I'm getting involved back AA I've already got a new sponsor and I'm feeling willing to do the work again.  My life was good in sobriety and I want it back.  This whole experience has been incredibly humbling for me but at the same time I guess it's what I needed.  ..I'm back on the horse though I know what I want and I know what I need to do to get it I just have to actually do it... one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Your sharing this has helped me...Thankyou and welcome back.  :)
welcome back keep coming back!
Glad you made it back...&gt; I no longer made my recovery my number one priority I made my career number 1 instead. I stopped going to meetings I stopped being of service I didn't have a sponsor for a very long time..Which one happened first?
Thanks for sharing your experience and reminding me that it's no better out there.
Thank god for the revolving doors of AA. I have done the exact same thing. But if I didn't go out to remind myself of what it was like again I wouldn't have been as willing to do the work now. ..When working with others our past becomes our biggest asset...Welcome back and thanks for sharing
Set backs are a part of sobriety (and life!). Four years is a long time and since you have so much experience getting and staying sober I think you can totally succeed this time around. Good for you for getting back on that horse! 
Glad you came back. Some people go out and get accidentally dead...I'm on my third time around. My sponsor reminds me that while I may have lost calendar time the awakenings and life changes are mine to keep!..Welcome back!..
Glad you are back. Lock that shit down. I've had friends who did not make it back. Be grateful and be well.
Welcome back.  ..Can I ask ... I know you've talked about the events that led up to your relapse but how did the actual relapse happen?  Did you go to a liquor store?  A bar?  What was going through your head 20 minutes before making the purchase?  How about just before you took the first sip?  Sorry if I'm being too nosy.  Just curious that's all.
Helping others is the key otherwise self comes back and that is curtains for alcoholics of my kind. Great to have you back could have been much worse than a week and a half could have dragged on for years. Long lingering death or helping someone everyday? It's not much of a sacrifice is it?..You've helped me today thank you.
