-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/sud5g/i_made_it_a_year/

Well it's hard to believe that it has been a full year since the last time I had a drink although my badge for this subreddit seems to have me a couple of days shy for some reason.   First of all I honestly didn't think I would make it as far as I have and I do owe the people over at /r/stopdrinking a thank you for some knowledge advice and inspiration over the past year.  I honestly haven't contributed very much to /stopdrinking in the past year but I read a good majority of the posts here and i enjoy being a lurker around here. .. ..I have seen several people over the past year post their story when they hit a major milestone in their recovery (6 mos a year multiple years  ) so here is a bit of mine.  I personally am a bit older than the average redditor (late 30's) and I was addicted to alcohol from my early 20's and on.  I had a couple of failed sobriety attempts (ranging from a few weeks up to 9 months) in that time and it has taken a very serious lifestyle change for me to make it work for me now (so far).  I say so far as even though I'm sober for a year I know I still walk a pretty thin line and have to keep reminding myself of that.  As far as lifestyle changes go it's actually pretty simple in my opinion: I have basically done everything I can to isolate myself from the people and places that kept me drinking.  No bars no more bar friends.  Changing those two things was quite difficult on me and I still honestly to this day miss the social aspect of drinking.  However when I had failed sobriety attempts in the past I had initially started out very well with great intentions.  I marveled at how much better I felt how much more money I had etc  We all know what the benefits are.  Each time I eventually made the mistake after a period of feeling better to try to reintroduce alcohol to my life in a controlled manner.  At first I tried to go to the bar just to hang out and drink some water and socialize with my friends.  Then I had a drink or two and then after a while I spun back out of control.  I see a lot of people around /r/stopdrinking that seem to flirt with this line and I always have a lot of concern when I see posts around here saying something to the effect of  Hey everyone I went to the bar and didn't drink! .  Maybe I'm different but I know that if started hanging around in bars again I would be right back to it before too much longer even if I had great intentions.  And let's not forget about my bar friends too.  There are a lot of good people who I have completely lost contact with in the past year but I can't risk my sobriety to let them back into my life.   I do miss some things but I have spent the past year rebuilding my life and overall things are much better for me than they were a year ago.  For the past year things have not been a picnic.  I went through some pretty tough times and struggled with some depression and alcohol / food cravings along the way.  I had several near-misses that I almost broke down and said  what the hell it's only one night .  Despite some hardship that is to be expected I have managed to make some very good changes in my life to help combat the problems that I've seen over the past year.  I feel my health returning to where it should be and I'm able to exercise at levels I couldn't dream of a while ago (although being smoke-free for 2   years helps with that too).  At the end of my life with alcohol I know my health was starting to really take a turn for the worse and it's amazing how the human body can rebound.  I really don't think I would have made it much longer on the track that I was rolling down.  Whenever I get the compulsion to drink now I just sit around and think about how terrible I felt during my final days as a drinker and that so far has been enough to keep me sober.  So I keep going and take things "a day at a time" so the AA mantra goes (although I have never been to a single AA meeting in my life).  ....Anyway I'm starting to ramble so I will say I wish everyone here the best of luck with their own personal journeys and thank you again for being there for me for a bit of a crutch to lean on in the harder times!  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations and thanks so much for your insightful post. To all of us just beginning its helpful to read about your experiences both good and bad. Please keep it up and don't be afraid to lean on us whenever you feel the need :)
[deleted]
Way to go man.  Congrats.  Thanks for checking in.
congratulations on your first year. i never thought i could enjoy and do all things i did my first year. like actually not drinking at a childs birthday party camping and canoeing on the current river with no booze going to a movie without spiking my sprite.it was hard but fucking awesome at the same time. once again congratulations
WOW! What an inspiring story Ryan. I think it is only a matter of time before some of your "bar buddies" start seeking you out for some inspiration to help them with their drinking problem. I know if I had a friend like you waiting in the wings I would have a lot more days sober than 65.
Way to go! Keep up the great work!
That's a very realistic and useful "how I did it" story thanks for posting...We can bump your badge back two days if it was wrong for whatever reason by the way.
I really enjoyed reading your post. I know how you feel as far as bar friends and hanging out just drinking water. I'm hoping to feel like you do (that it was worth the effort to stay sober) when I hit a year.
That's awesome congrats on the year! I really identify with your comment about the body's ability to rebound. It really surprises me to have my normal state be feeling pretty good instead of misery.
Thanks for posting this. I'm really glad you took the time to write about your experience! 
Big congratulations!!! It is such a good feeling. Always remember where you have come from which it sounds like you are doing. Onwards to 2 years :-)
That is awesome. Thank you for sharing your story and thoughts. No doubt you will help someone on their journey. Stay strong and don't ever forget that alcohol will fuck you up. Like you I got bad at the end... lucky to be alive. ..That's what happens when we drink so we cannot drink alcohol anymore. Accept that as a fact of life and you are halfway home..
Congratulations man.
[deleted]
Congratulations!
[deleted]
Congrats on your accomplishment. Hope to see you get more "one day at a time"  milestones in the future.
Congratulations and than you for sharing your story. I made it longer than a year once but I gave into one of those "what the hell it is only night" moments. Everything slowly unraveled after that. I'm glad to see that you are taking extra precaution against something like that happening to you. I'll be much more careful this time as well...I think having this subreddit will help me quite a bit. I felt very alone in my last attempt to quit. In just a few days on this subreddit I've found so many people that I can identify with.
Congrats on the year!
Congratulations a year is an amazing accomplishment. Thank you for writing some of your experiences for those of us at the beginning. 
Congratulations well done! It's indeed different for everyone some people can go to bars and some cannot. For my part I cannot because of the smells they bring back so many memories I can't stand it!
