-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/tnmp0/3_weeks_boy_how_the_time_flies/

I'm doing pretty good. Have the occasional thought about drinking but overall I'm doing great. It's never more than the occasional thought and I'm sticking to safe friends and safe places so there's no danger it'll go beyond that...A couple people I haven't seen in a while texted me after midnight on friday night inviting me out to meet them at a bar. I thought about going but decided it wasn't safe. Plus I had just spent four hours playing role playing games with my friends so I didn't feel lonely or bored. It just goes to show how having a life full of healthy activities doesn't leave room for a relapse...Instead I stayed in and indulged my newest passion: Samurai movies! If you haven't seen 13 Assassins I highly recommended (if you don't mind seeing a couple hundred guys get chopped to pieces in awesome samurai fights that is!)..Also sunday morning I woke up early and went to a meditation service at the local zen temple with a friend of mine. It was super nice to reconnect with my practice like that. I'm going to go back again this week (and I think every week after.) I'm also going to see about volunteering for other activites there although my life is pretty busy right now!..So yeah! Things are going great it's great to see the numbers ticking upwards...Tomorrow I start my in-class driving lessons! Time to learn all the rules of the road! Very exciting. I'm imagining that I'll be surrounded by 16 year-olds. That should be pretty hilarious. I think I'll try and out-keen them all!..It's just another thing that would never have been possible if I hadn't gotten my addictions under control. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Driving hooray!..I am actually about to head out and go driving now. I made a promise to myself years ago to not drink and drive. So I never had a car. Now I feel comfortable (and safe) using a car again! Perk of being sober
Way to go. Feels good don't it?..Since you attend a temple I can't resist but ask; do you have any recommendations for a good meditation book? I've read a couple of texts but am always interested in recommendations.
haha! one of my sober aims is to learn to drive as well! i'm one of the few 35+ that doesn't know how. that's what happens when you've prioritized boozing above all else since age 13. oh well its never too late!..congrats on turning it around dude! kia kaha
You're not alone on the no-driving thing. I'm 21 (22 tomorrow yay! going to be the first sober birthday in 7 years) and I'm probably still enrolled in the same driving school that I entered 5 years ago and never completed. It feels weird to not have something that almost everyone else takes for granted. Oh well- I never really missed not driving. Congrats on 3 weeks! Keep on going :)
Great to hear you're doing well. Even better to know your driving practice will take place **north** of the border ;P
Just here to say how awesome 13 Assassins is. I recommend it as well...If your looking for a somewhat similar movies check out [The Hidden Blade](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0442286/).
