-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/tsuxq/this_is_ruining_my_life_and_i_need_help/

Hello everyone here's my story:..I am a 26 year old man and I have had a drinking problem my whole life. Starting when I was 15 I would raid my parents liqueur cabinet or try to score booze from an older friend. Throughout this period in high school I was never able to control my drinking not that it was an everyday thing but that I would always drink waaayyy too much usually until I would black out. I had a friend that was a serious enabler allowing me to crash at his place so this was an every-weekend thing...When I was 17 my girlfriend committed suicide after a fight we had. I told myself that I was relatively unfazed by this but in retrospect that simply isn't true. ..My first year of university was a disaster. I had broken my leg one month before moving out of country and so I was handicapped depressed and constantly drinking without any support structure. This was by far the darkest period of my life and was the start of a truly "everyday alcoholism" that I would carry with me for the next six years of my life. Years 2 3 and 4 of university were a continuation of my first year persona: drunk sad and widely disliked...Early last year while lying awake in my parents house at 4am because I passed out at dinner time I realized I had to make a change. I was so sad about every aspect of my life beyond my loving family (who of course knew and had to bear witness to my faults which also made me sad to think about). I decided to quit alcohol maybe forever maybe just to see if I could. That continued for 9 months possibly the best nine months of my adult life. I was exercising hopeful and happy...Six months ago I moved to Japan to teach English. There were a number of reasons for this including my parents selling my childhood home and my newfound confidence and restlessness I had developed in my sober nine months. I felt as though I needed a change. I did not want my alcoholism to dangle above my head while here so I decided to try drinking responsibly... It has been an unmitigated disaster. I believe I drank for the first month solid: not blackout drunk but three-or-four beers a night. Recently this has changed. I now drink rediculous quantities whenever I pick up a bottle and in bursts of days at a time blacking out night after night. ..Without going into specifics I have done some very very stupid things recently. I have been trying to stop drinking but I always end up taking that first sip that starts another thousand. I need to stop. ..So here I am stopdrinking in a foreign country with no support structure and a serious problem. My writing this has been cathartic and really put into perspective the scale of alcohol's impact on my life. I lasted nine months once and I want to go even longer this time. I will request my badge immediately after posting this message...Showing any interest in me or my struggle would be much appreciated. I want to be an active member of this community but mostly I know I will need the support. If you've made it this far thank you. This is me on day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man welcome to SD and welcome to day 1 of the rest of your life.  This is a pretty special place on Reddit I know you'll find a lot of support here...You've stopped drinking before you can stop drinking again.  Though it sounds like you didn't do some of the things you probably should have done last time around.  It's one thing to stop drinking but it's quite another thing to be truly "sober."  I don't mean that to sound off-putting in fact I'm kinda surprised that I even wrote it. But it is true...Hang around a while.  I think you'll like it here.
Hi welcome to stopdrinking. This place really helped me especially in the early days. I would spend nights just reading and reading. Unfortunately I don't know much about the resources in Japan for alcoholics but here's a website to start you off- http://aatokyo.org/. Hope that helps some. 
Welcome and know you are not alone. I am all too familiar with the guilt shame isolation and bewilderment of active alcoholism. I know that pain...Here's the good news: 944 days ago I was trying to talk myself into ending it all. I just couldn't do it. Today I have hope for the future and peace of mind in the present. I truly believe anyone can get and stay sober...The most important thing I did early on was slow down and take each day as it came. Recovery is a lot of work but we can't do it all at once. ..I found recovery in the rooms of AA and I strongly suggest you keep an open mind and check it out. Having people you can hang out with that share your struggle is a powerful thing...Whatever you decide to do hang in there. Sobriety is the greatest show on Earth and you deserve to be happy. 
[deleted]
Your life has dealt you a serious load of shit.  I am very sorry to hear about what happened with your girlfriend.  That is terrifying.  ..I had some fights with my SO where it ended with her storming out of the house and declaring she was going to drive her car off a bridge.  I would be in a state of panic the whole time she was gone and then she would come back feeling better and say "I can't believe you thought I was really going to do it.  I was just angry.  People say stuff like that." ***And they do.*** The thought of what would have happened to the deepest parts of me if indeed the news had simply shown a report of her crashing her car and that was really the end of her not just an angry saying-so - I cannot comprehend what you have been through but it must be . . . . I don't have a word...She ultimately died.  Not from suicide but from cancer in March 2010.  She was the first person I'd ever shared a complete heart-melting intimacy and trust and when that unique person (because there can never be another "first") dies and you look at them dead and see their body carried away from you never to return a part of you dies as well.  I am speaking for myself but I think it is mostly true...And I drank.  Oh did I.  In accepting her diagnosis which was a complete death sentence I drank myself into a morally-void state where I was willing to drink and drive [and even took liquor into my truck while driving.](http://i.imgur.com/prdBb)  At this point I began to "control" my drinking because I knew she needed me to take care of her.  I was able to control it to the extent that I didn't drink and drive anymore but mostly by avoiding driving not by avoiding drinking...When she died?  When she was lying on her deathbed for weeks? (For indeed a hospital bed oxygen pump the dreaded IV pole were moved into our living room for no other purpose than for her to slowly die in that bed as comfortably as possible.)  I drank.  Most certainly I drank.  And after she died I wrapped myself in her blanket and sucked on gin like a baby on the breast. I was addicted to alcohol so what else would I turn to for relief from my pain?  If a dumbing and a numbing could be called relief because it numbed every form of happiness love and joy along with the pain.  It shot my soul with novocaine and as long as I kept myself drunk on a regular basis it never wore off...I continued this for a long time.  I tried to control my drinking quit for a while and then drink "normally" and "responsibly" and the end result was always me giving up in frustration and drinking more than ever because the problem and life seemed hopeless.  If it were not for my therapist whom I saw every two weeks I think I would have slipped into permanent oblivion long before I had the lucky happenstance to find this group on Reddit with a glass of liquor in my hand and the same dead heart.  I got my little silly badge and resolved *once again* to live without alcohol.  I read the book linked in the sidebar.  And mostly I just didn't go to the liquor store and I put something else in my mouth besides alcohol.  Sometimes I just hid in that blanket again but every day of withdrawal I read people's stories and posted a few remarks and somehow my badge turned over to a "7" and a star and a few days later I noticed that it was a sunny day and the sun made me feel the way the sun *used to make me feel.*  Before all this happened.  When I was free from alcohol...It is worth it.  Believe me.  You will find as you liberate yourself that alcohol has not been a crutch or a comfort at all.  It is a liquid lie.  It is a heavy weight that addiction forces you to carry all the while you are carrying all of your other burdens and fears.  Drop the rock.  Set yourself free.  Just walk out of prison.  If your love lives anywhere now she lives in your heart.  Draw back the curtain the cloud of numbing poison and walk out into the light with her memory.  I have done this. It is not easy every day.  But it is worth it.
[deleted]
YOU CAN DO IT! So glad you are here I wish you the best.  There is a lot of hope in this sub. .
