-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ttvel/trying_to_fix_a_lot_of_things_with_mixed_results/

[x-post in r/stopdrinking r/stopsmoking and r/nofap]..Sup Reddit..29/M here. Two and a half weeks ago I made a resolution to get my shit together and cultivate some healthier habits. There were five things I identified:..--Losing weight. Don't need to lose a ton I'm not obese but I'm about 20-25 lbs above where I'd like to be...--Exercising every day (or nearly). Again not looking to go all out here. But I have a sedentary lifestyle and would like to do some light weight training and 20-30 minutes on a bike multiple times per week...--Cutting down on drinking. Used to drink a lot but for the past two years I was just having 2-3 drinks once every two weeks or so when out with friends. The past four months though I've had some rough times and gone up to 4-6 nearly every day. I want to stop this before it becomes more of a problem and get back to that healthier consumption pattern I had previously...--Quitting smoking. This one I want to kill completely. Been doing it consistently for the past 9 years half a pack a day on normal days and up to a full pack when drinking or on difficult days. A few years ago I quit for a year and a half and stupidly let myself get sucked back in. Last year was able to go as long as three months smoke-free but again got sucked back in. Have attempted to quit occasionally since then but lately haven't made it more than a week before giving in...--Cutting down on fapping. Don't have a porn problem or performance issues but I've done it at least once or twice a day for fifteen years now with no more than a day or two between. I'm hooked on the rush of happy neurotransmitters and it very clearly saps my energy and motivation. Am cool with the occasional fap but it's been too large a presence in my life and just isn't affecting me positively...Results:..Was wary about pushing myself on all those changes at once so I've been documenting my progress on all five dimensions trying to slip as infrequently as possible and making myself tolerate a moderate amount of discomfort but not sweating it too much if I end up leaning on one or two of those crutches in any given day...So far I've had great success with the diet (went low-carb haven't cheated once and am down 5 lbs) and the exercise (not every day yet but been hitting it five times a week and feeling stronger)...But drinking smoking and fapping have been a struggle. One step forward one step back. Haven't gone more than two days in a row abstaining from any of those things so far...The thing that's scared me most is twice now I've had a  perfect  day: good diet exercised and abstained from those other three things all at once. But on both occasions the following day I've crashed hard: skipped exercising binged on 10-12 drinks (to the point of making myself sick) smoked a pack or more and fapped multiple times. And not in a casual should've-just-sucked-it-up way both times I've gone at it like I'm possessed. As good as I've felt the day before when I abstain from everything it's like my brain seriously disturbingly freaks out and completely capitulates the next day...So any advice for how to safely and sustainably eliminate those three remaining scourges in my life? I'm thinking about focusing on one at a time and staggering my efforts two weeks without drinking then two weeks without drinking and fapping (think these two need to be the first to go since they're both triggers for the smoking) then two weeks without all three and then finally working on reintroducing the drinking and fapping at healthy moderate levels. But wanted to tap into the collective wisdom of fellow strugglers and successful recoverees before committing to a plan for the next several weeks. What do you think?..tl;dr- Resolved to make major lifestyle changes a few weeks ago. Made progress in other areas but drinking smoking fapping remain vicious little bitches. How to kill the three-headed monster?
----------immediate responses--------

