-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/tyu8f/how_did_you_go_to_your_first_meeting/

I made it 30 days with the Carr book but I have been struggling since then.  I feel like I'm ready to go to a meeting but my evening resolve always fails me when it's time to make myself go the next day.  How do you get past that feeling of control that takes over when you're sober?..This has probably been addressed here before but I'm looking for some fresh perspectives (and some ass kicking if you feel like being my accountabillabuddy).
----------immediate responses--------

I'll be your Internet accountabilabuddy. I haven't made it to a meeting yet but have the desire to go one... So...I promise I'll go if you promise you'll go. I don't have any real advice other than that for now though 
They will be able to help you with that in a meeting. Not to sound defeating but most of your problems can be solved by talking about it in a meeting or with somebody before/after. ..As far as getting to the meeting? I'm just going to guess you never had a problem walking into a bar have you? Well..... AA is basically the same as a bar. We are all drunks all fucked up and all just as crazy as you are. Difference is we are sober. ..When me and my AA friends go out together in public people think we are the drunkest/ most fucked up people there. But we are sober. We've even had people ask us what we were "on" because we were acting so crazy. Point is you don't have to be scared of a meeting. We aren't saints and we sure as shit don't have all of the answers. But we **WILL** help you if you walk through the door. 
I went to a meeting because I couldn't stop drinking. I would be able to stop for brief periods on my own but I would get miserable in sobriety and then end up drinking and each time the drinking got worse. I was sick and tired of being sick and tired..I tried a lot of different recovery methods but none of them seem to work my alcoholism had advanced far too much. So my last hope was AA (I swore I would never go). I remember being a wreck my first meeting but met some nice people who where willing to show me how they stayed sober and taught me a lot about alcoholism. Its been 11 months and I can't be more grateful for the program that has showed me how to live sober and happy
Very reluctantly.  
in the womb
I doubt anyone feels comfortable walking into their first meeting. But you're not being sent to the principal's office you're going to a support group filled with people with whom you'll find you have much in common...Just go. Not tomorrow today. Find the soonest meeting you can attend and go.
I struggled with the concept of being able to control myself. I went to an AA meeting and there I started to learn what powerlessness was really about. It brought me down to size taught me some humility. You want an ass kicking? Get to an AA meeting and just listen and open your ears.
You just walk in. Seriously its not that big of a deal they are very welcoming and have the same problem as you. The worst thing that could happen at a meeting is you didn't like it and now you lost an hour of time. Thats happened to me a few times before and I just keep looking for the good meetings.
I went to my first meeting somewhere around age 15 because rehab required it and my parents made me. Some weird old guy looked at me and without me saying a word to him said "You aren't unique."..It took me 16 years of learning the hard way but thank God he was right. There are thousands of people just like me around the world and because of that I am not alone.
You wake up each day wanting to go to a meeting but by the end of the day you lose your resolve.  Sound familiar?   I met all of my friends in AA.  Why aren't you going don't you want to meet sober friends?
Maybe try a morning or noon meeting if they are available and fit into your schedule.  It is really worth a try if for no reason other than to meet some sober friends.
Another redditor sent me the details time and address of a nearby NA meeting. This is why you'll see me passing along the favour to other folks here! *(If you need help finding a meeting drop me a reply here or a PM with your city/state/country and I'll work it out from there!)*..My partner drove me to the Addictions &amp; Recovery Centre (ARC) in town which for all intents and purposes looked like a bar from the outside. Took me a few minutes to make sure it was the right place. Walked in and there were only two folks there. I asked the one standing behind the bar if there was a meeting and he pointed me to the door at the back of the room. Opened it up and ended up walking into the most welcoming intense and life-giving group of people. ..It's worth going. Going to meetings has helped me get the most out of my recovery and it also provides me with a great social outlet. Make sure to check back in once you go - I want to hear all about it!
