-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/tzzg8/feeling_down/

It's only been a few days but I have such a low feeling. There's other stress in my life (not unmanageable at the moment) besides just quitting and I don't have a history of trouble with depression. I imagine there's a lot of biochemical changes happening and my sleep isn't back on track yet. Is this a normal occurrence? I wasn't such a heavy drinker that I would have withdrawals - just very problematic and knew I needed to quit. ..I try to get as much exercise as I can but this low feeling took me by surprise. I was expecting to feel more optimism at least early on. I have quit before and I know what it's like to relapse... but I don't recall feeling this bad (outlook wise not physically) before.
----------immediate responses--------

Depending on how much and how often you drank it will take some time for you to feel better. It took me about a month and a half before I started feeling less 'down'. At about two months I started sleeping like a champ again just keep exercising and eat as healthy as possible. ..Hang in there!
You probably are having mild withdrawals...Also if you have other stress in your life  this will now show up without the self-medicating effects of alcohol...Just try to relax and let your body and mind move to their natural equilibrium. It takes time but you will feel a lot better soon.  :)
It could just be a mood. Maybe a little passing funk messing with you during a weird and difficult change. I was wary of anything I felt the first few weeks; your mind can get real turned around with this kind of change. Be patient with yourself and trust that it will pass. ..You've made a good decision for yourself. You have lots of reasons to be optimistic and happy about it but that doesn't mean you will automatically feel that way. I felt like crap the first month. Little things felt like big things. Around week three I quit caffeine on top of it and adjourned to the bathroom at work and broke down. That's completely unlike me; I just do not do shit like that. I went home early that day. But it passed and a few days later I was much better...Be patient and take care of yourself.
i fell into a funk when i quit for the first month or so. it was like i'd lost my best friend. alcohol was my security blanket i never left home without it. i did allow my self  surgary sweets to help get over the initial cravings. i also walked my dog more in a few months than i had in a year. hang on and take care of yourself
I just passed my 30 day mark and my attitude and outlook has improved since my daily drinking days. I no longer dread leaving the house to go to work and I'm enjoying time with my wife more. It took a few weeks though I was irritable for the first few weeks.
Thanks for all the encouragement! I'll try to keep up the exercise and doing positive things and try and visit this subreddit every day (it's already helping a lot!). It helps to hear that it's common and that it'll pass. I'll be ready for that!
