-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/u7qfr/im_not_sober_im_healthy_and_im_happy/

I am sober but I'm not calling myself that anymore. ...This final time of getting sober has been completely different than any other and that's why I'm so happy....Yes I quit so I don't destroy my life. But that's not REALLY why I quit. I quit for a purpose. I quit to be a better person improve my work feel good and to achieve everything I wasn't. ...So this time has been different. I set myself a ton of goals....I have been vegan off and on for years (what's the point when you're poisoning yourself everyday?) but this time I knew I wanted to get healthy and drop the weight I had gained from drinking. It wasn't much only about 20 lbs but I'm a tiny person....I watched the movie Fat Sick and Nearly dead about 2 weeks ago and started juicing. I figured at the very least it would help me detox all the shit I have put into my body. ...At first I felt like crap but now I feel high almost all day. I have so much energy and I feel better than I have felt in years!...On top of that I have been working through the book "The Artist's Way" to unlock myself as a more creative person. The book is wonderful (this will be my 3rd time working through it) because in the book she writes about her experience quitting drinking her struggles with learning to be creative without alcohol and even uses some AA principles (if you're into that)....I wanted to share some of the things that have been making me so excited to be ~~sober~~ healthy so that it may inspire some of you as you have inspired me....I am a new person with new habits who is happy to be healthy. ...Last story: Two days ago I came home and said "I was weak and I gave in." My roommate thought I was referring to alcohol. In reality I had eaten a fried cheese stick. I realized that I have been so focused on getting healthy that alcohol was the farthest thing from my mind... and that was amazing....If anyone else has suggestions for living a better life I would love to hear them and I hope you all have a wonderful healthy and happy long weekend.
----------immediate responses--------

I hate to tell you but I think your goals are a little unrealistic.  No human can be expected to resist the tantalizing allure of fried cheese sticks. I worry that you're only setting yourself up for future disappointment.  ..In many ways I also don't feel like I "quit" drinking. I feel like I've "started" doing the things I've aspired to do or thought I "should" do. One of those things just so happens to be not drinking. Worked out nicely for me.  It seems like a minor point but I feel like the shift in thinking has made all the difference.  I know where you're coming from.
 were you sourounded by healthy possitive people when you decided to make this step? oviously this change has done some amazing things it sounds...and i totally agree with you i feel that so much AA language is Negative and demeening but i was just wondering if it was those around you that got you out of your rut...
I have a spare Snickers bar. You can have half.
At Hooters in Vegas they had BBQ cheese sticks with ranch dressing. O.M.G. so good. ..Great post though - very uplifting! I am going to have to check out that movie too. thanks for your post. 
You scared the bejeebers out of me!  Glad to hear you are still healthy and happy friend!
&gt;If anyone else has suggestions for living a better life I would love to hear them..I signed up for MyFitnessPal and Chains.cc (free) to track my food and exercise.  MFP basically you plug in the food or exercise and it adds up all the calories in and out for you.  And I ordered a FitBit.  I'm losing this tire around my middle or else.  I took "before" photos yesterday and they nearly made me puke but that's the motivation I need...If all you did was ONE cheese stick you're stronger than I am.  But not as strong as I hope to be. . .
I sit here drunk and read this kind of thing almost every night of the week.  It makes me cry.  Almost every time.
Man you're so right. My life is so different now and it can't be attributed to NOT doing something (putting alcohol in my body); it's the healthiness that flows through me. I quit smoking a couple months before quitting drinking so there was that as well but since quitting I've:..Become a vegetarian started kickboxing therapy meditating running reading and writing. Ive lost 15 pounds and gained all sorts of muscle tone and am 8 weeks from my first marathon. My mind is infinitely clearer now with a lot of support from the meditation. My work is far better I've started dating a beautiful woman and I have so much more money in my bank account. I agree - this can't be called sobriety but health. ..Congrats to you!
I love you and I know you are sober for good this time. Proud of you and support you 110%. Everything you've reported is positive and aiming towards getting shit done. Rock on...Want to caution you a bit but this is not to diminish or question your resolve. Rather just want you to have all the facts so you know what to expect. Sounds like you aren't a fan of AA many are not however it is a great place to learn about this stuff... and ways to deal with it...&lt;&gt;&lt;&gt;..Sounds like you are in what is called the Pink Cloud. Basically you feel strong and resolved and sure of yourself and your recovery. And it feels really really good. Here is a quick explanation I found online: ..*He or she is excited at the prospect of what recovery from addiction and alcoholism has to offer and feel as if they have grasped what it takes to maintain quality recovery.*..You are for sure on the right track. Keep up the great work and stay involved in your sobriety. There is more work to be done please keep posting as you go and keep an open mind...You got this...
[deleted]
Congratulations!..It was quite a surprise to me but when I got sober I didn't magically get healthy. Sure I got much better and didn't feel like crap any more but I plateaued at feeling 'good'. But once I got sober I realized how crappy my life was and wanted to improve (I suspect this is common). ..So yeah getting sober is super important but getting healthy is the next logical step. Although I suspect our diets are almost exact opposites (I would consider a fried cheese stick a healthy snack).
