-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ue6v9/today_is_my_45_day_mark/

What a long strange trip its been... I've a daily drinker since I was 23 with rarely a day or 2 off... In March I decided that I had drank enough of my life away. I managed to get 30 days in before I started again. I quit the next day and here I am 45 days later.. I couldn't have done it without all of you. Knowing that there were others out there struggling with the same issues and knowing I wasn't alone in all this was a huge help. Here is to the next 45 days!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Keep up the good work! Hope today is a good day for you.
That's fantastic.  Keep it up!
Fantastic...Congratulations on your 45 days...One question.  Are you staying sober on the plan called "45 days at a time?"  People I've been around suggest that the "one day" method works better with a daily re-commitment.  But to each their own...EDIT:  I see the downvotes.  I think people misunderstand.  I'm only trying to be helpful.  A lot of people think it's actually EASIER to not bite off so much (like 45 days) at once but rather to achieve sobriety in smaller chunks of 24 hours.  I also began and ended my comment with something positive so that it's obvious I'm not just trying to be a dick...I have a feeling this was a sort of kneejerk type of downvoting because it might have appeared I'm promoting an AA-only type of viewpoint.  If so that's not an accurate perception either.  I'm often critical of what I see as the overly-religious aspect of many AA meetings...I've been told we shouldn't downvote things here.  (I disagreed... I think we should downvote things when they're really bad but I do it very rarely now.)  But I don't understand being downvoted here...I also have never given a crap about Reddit karma.  I do care about how my efforts are perceived here at /r/stopdrinking...Would anyone care to explain how my comment might have deserved downvotes?.
Are you starting to get that "hey I am really doing this!" feeling? I remember being in kind of disbelief like I must surely have actually had a drink that I was repressing the memory of.
What can I say. I guess I'm a base 5 kinda guy.. Depending on the day it can be a day to day thing. I recently went on a business trip where it was an hour by hour thing(complimentary drinks are a hell of a thing).. At the moment I'm just happy to be sober and I hope I can help others as well.
awesome work.  try not to get too caught up in the day count all we have is today.  kick ass!
Congrats :)..Looking forward to seeing you post on 60 days too!
