-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ueysy/had_i_never_relapsed_warning_downer_post/

I wouldn't be getting up to take a Western blot blood test in the morning...I found out today that my ELISA HIV screening test came back positive.  I'm fucking pissed at myself and don't want to or feel like I can't talk to anyone in real life.  I'm ashamed and embarrassed.  I've never had any real consequences from drinking.  No DUIs arrests fights major injuries never lost a job etc...I know drinking on St Patrick's day got me into this mess and drinking today will not solve any problems.  I'm currently sober and the only thing keeping me this way is not wanting to fuck up the blood test in the morning. ..Fear is the root of all of my addictions.  I'm scared out of my fucking mind right now.  ..Sorry for the downer post.  I try to be positive on here but I'm fucked right now.  Sorry for the vulgarity.  ..Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change.
----------immediate responses--------

The courage to change the things you can and the wisdom to know the difference. I thought I was out of the woods when I quit and they said that i had no liver damage...but other things popped up that I'm dealing with. You gotta find things to do that will make you happy and take your mind off the stress. I know it's hard. We're here for ya bud.
That's very hard news please don't feel bad about bringing us down with it. I'm really sorry and I wish I could tell you something that could help with the fear tonight.  
Sorry do you mean you potentially contracted HIV on your relapse from drinking? Do you have an idea of what happened? I'm very sorry to hear about this and I hope you don't mind me prying.
For what it's worth I've seen people with HIV clean up and live more joyful lives than some of my friends that just kept drinking.
&gt;I'm currently sober and the only thing keeping me this way is not wanting to fuck up the blood test in the morning...So after the blood test you're gonna go buy a bottle eh? ..You got some really devastating news but drinking won't help one bit. It won't even help you forget. You'll just end up scared drunk and suicidal...Have you called your sponsor?  Is there any way she can go with you to the blood test?  Hell if I lived near you I'd go with you.  You need some good company for these next few days.  Don't go throwing your new found life away over something you no longer have any control over.
Thank you for the update and for taking the time to get yourself tested even when you were worried it was too soon for you to get results (You and I had discussed the availability of testing within infectivity time windows). There is much more to learn but the good news is that with the medical therapies available today one can live a very normal life even if they have HIV. Seek counseling from experts and you will likely find there is much less reason to fear than what you are feeling right now because you simply don't know. I'll certainly be thinking of you tomorrow. 
You overcome this and you will overcome anything. NowherePlans Smash!!!  
I'm so sorry to hear that....You know I'm here for you. ...Feel free to message me.
Drinking has had various affects on our body and lives. Though we may not see it as blatently as an arrest or major injuries. When I drank at home alone I destroyed myself and would convince myself that I was worthless unlovable etc. My liver and metabolism have been hijacked. If there were no consequences from drinking than we would never have stopped. We would never truly realized that we were alcoholic. ..The most important moments the life changing moments that brought we a world of good were forged with tears and pain. It was difficult to enter puberty but I got adulthood out of it. ..There are a few things to be grateful for though they may be hard to notice. Luckily you know. Many walk around the world not knowing and spreading it and not getting treatment. As  you said you've never lost a job had major injuries arrests etc. This means a clean record socially. This disease is a disease that many struggle with. You are not the first that means YOU ARE NOT ALONE. ..Fear is the root of all my addictions too. But fear is False Evidence Appearing Real. I suspect that it's not the test result that you fear as much as the perserved stigma the unknown treatments the unsure next step embarassment etc. All of these are not solid. They are not physical things we can touch they are not measurable. THEY ARE PERCIEVED. And with percieved things addicts tend to skew the perception...Bring the world into a little focus. Not these abstract future things that loom in our minds. Call a doctor find out the next step. Seek expert advice. Find an HIV support group.
Hey you. I really relate to your fear. Fuck I feel for you so bad right now. I am here if you want to talk ok?
I hope you are doing OK I am thinking of you today.
