-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uffli/starting_to_binge_and_get_terrible_withdrawals/

This year I'm finding it harder to stop once I start drinking. I've even binged for up to four days in a row a few times (and it seems like the space between these binges is getting shorter). ..After the binge is over I get TERRIBLE nightmares and sleep paralysis. I've woken up and not been able to move at times and felt like I was having a seizure...Have any of you experienced this? What can you do to help (if say I relapse again) Thanks...EDIT: Thanks for the advice guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholism is a progressive disease...What you are experiencing is common and it will get worse...The ONLY cure is to stop drinking for good...I ended up in mental hospital before I finally stopped drinking...If you don't stop drinking you will eventually die and it will not be pretty...I wish you the strength to do what is necessary.
unfortunately once control is lost it cannot be regained.  The only "cure" is total abstinence.  The longer you try to "control" your drinking the worse the "binges" and aftereffects become.  I was told this time and time again but I chose to continue to drink thinking "I can control it sometimes I can't be an alcoholic" or "I still have a house and a job I can't be an alcoholic" or " I am too young to be an alcoholic" well the day came where I couldn't say those things anymore and chose to get help.  If I would have took the advice of others sooner I could have kept alot of the things I lost but the important thing now is I AM sober and the things I have gained in this life of sobriety are more than I could have imagined.  If you think you have a problem you probably do. I hope that you can throw your pride out the window and seek the help you need to really "start living" your life instead of continuing to slowly die of alcoholism.  I wish you the best.  Reset your badge and start living! :)
Sounds like you're experiencing delirium tremens. They are scary as hell. I experienced them during the last year of my drinking and they are one of the reasons I choose not to drink today...So yes the only thing you can do to prevent these is to stop drinking. And to stop drinking? Well it's personal journey on what you need but it usually involves reaching out. Have you tried AA? Are you considering inpatient or outpatient treatment?..Honestly the next step after this is hanging out in hospitals getting detoxed and then mental institutions. And then you might get into the terrible world of drinking away the DT's...and really things just get worse...I don't know what you need to do to stop starting. Are you convinced you're an alcoholic? Do you want to get help? Are you willing to do anything and everything to stop the insanity?
Binge drunk also I never had the paralysis but the hangovers got worse "sicker" missed more work etc.. and the amount of time to recover between got longer. And I too had a much harder time stopping at one or two. It is impossible once that trigger clicks in my head I am gone. After many attempts to moderate I finally gave in and decided to quit...paulpisces is right it IS progressive I lived it I went from moderate to black out drinker in about 6 years. I am 44 so a late bloomer I used to wonder how that could happen to somebody now I understand. That sauce is an evil.
You are not alone. I had the same symptoms. The nightmares/sleep paralysis was pretty bad. It didn't happen all the time but probably once every 2 to 3 months. Guess what hasn't happened to be since I quit drinking? I also had a seizure. Even through all that though I still have thoughts of going back to drinking. I don't know of any ways to treat the episodes you are having other than not drinking. Although how I use to handle the sleep paralysis was wiggling my feet/fingers. When you wake up like that your brain tells your body not to move while you want to get out of there (probably from a bad dream) Your body normally responds within 30 seconds and lets you move. But like I said in the meantime while you can't get up you can still move your outer extremities. 
&gt;What can you do to help (if say I relapse again) Thanks...The best way to handle it is to not "relapse."
I had a pretty scary day today myself. and talked to my wife I am weaning myself off. I live in a country that supports drinking and is a third world. I can get valium for a few pennies but i don't want to get addicted to another drug. this is a few days/week process. I felt like death this afternoon. I am on my 4th beer and will have two more for 2 days then 4 then I won't need it. I weaned myself off a few times but then went back to months drinking everyday. it is easy and supported to drink here and actually makes my life successful but i thought i was gonna pass out as i had to force myself to breath. ..drinking is wonderful and terrible god i miss the days of sobriety everything is so clear no pain. good luck
If it's starting to escalate and you can't stop it perhaps it's time for medical or professional help? Just throwing that out as a thought.
