-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/ultnt/going_forward/

I've been struggling with alcoholism off and on for the past 7 years. When I started drinking heavily I was 16. I am 23 now. I was drinking to near black out levels of intoxication every weekend for the last 2 years of high school. It continued off and on as I switched in self medication between the abuse of marijuana and alcohol largely determined upon the crowd I was hanging out with. About 3 years ago when I was 20 I managed to effectively quit the daily consumption of marijuana by becoming what could best be described as an introvert. This social isolation and lack of daily intoxication produced boarder line schizophrenia and an emerging trend of alcoholism. Over the past 3 years I have consumed more alcohol than most young adults will in the entirety of their 20s. I thought it was cool to be one of the "Frank the Tanks" of whatever party I attended but it is starting to scare me. I dropped out of high school because of alcoholism dropped out of college twice because of excessive marijuana abuse and live in my parents' house and work at the family company. My abdomen has started to ache variably as well as bulk up somewhat in size and I have noticed that I bruise and bleed with greater ease. I also seem to have consistently blood shot eyes boarding on jaundice. I have done nothing with my life besides drink away my problems and it is without a doubt slowly killing me. I am worried that I may have squandered what could have been (hopefully still may be) a very fulfilling and rewarding life..I am coming here because I have been here before. After my DUI last October I came to realize that I do indeed have a problem that needs to be fixed. After posting here I noticed that this community is very supportive. I even received a follow up message from a fellow redditor several weeks later checking in on me. Only recently the past couple of days have I come to accept that I need to stop drinking. I am a person of extremes in almost all my pursuits; either I do nothing or I do it until it becomes unhealthy for me. I feel like my time has come to man up to my problem and deal with it and I want to ask you for your help. I need to quit drinking completely. It has caused me nothing but trouble and I owe it to myself my friends and my family to cut the crap and get on with life. I hope I haven't been to lengthy or condescending in this post but I really wanted to get this off my mind...EDIT: I just woke up from last night's drinking binge. Yes I came here for help while drunk. I wound up puking this morning in spite of the fact that I felt almost entirely sober for the entirety of last night. I had a dream where I was trying to hold back the puke; I woke up just in time to be able to run to my bathroom and hit the porceilan goddess. I am done with this shit. I've acquired a constitution that puts sailors and myself to shame. Fuck this. Fuck this and everything I ever thought it could do for me. I am going to drink water and go back to bed.
----------immediate responses--------

You sound like a smart guy.  Able to listen to reason and see things for what they are.  It won't do you any good though.  Those faculties will talk you back into drinking as easily as they talked you out of it.  What you need is to really want to stop and once you're there just stop completely.  You'll see some things get better right away (your eyes clear up) and other things get better with work (get back in shape stop being so depressed find new things to do).  It's a struggle though and it doesn't sound like you'll have an easy time of it.  However if you manage to do it I can guarantee you that life will get better.  If you don't do it I can guarantee that it will get worse.
[deleted]
You can do it. I wish I could say more but I'm only 4 days in and it's hard. It's very hard. The first couple days I did okay. Yesterday was disgustingly brutal but I did it. I made it to day 4. And today I'm focused on not drinking right now. I'm trying to not even think about day 5. Just on not drinking this minute. ..When it gets tough I try to remind myself of all the things in my life that have gone to shit while I was drinking. I'm done with it and I hope you are too. ..Keep fighting.
You sound sick enough of the merry go round to finally want to get off of it. Good...Bookmark this post and refer to it this time tomorrow when that little voice starts telling you it's time to drink again. Remind yourself why you're doing this. That voice is going to tell you that you don't matter; that drinking is all you're good for from now. Don't listen to that voice it's lying to you. For the next short while here that voice is going to tell you all sorts of awful things about yourself in order to get you to pick up that first drink. Don't listen; that voice is sick...You don't have to drink ever again for as long as you live. You might want to but you don't have to. It's absolutely true...Keep in touch with us. It is possible to do this alone but you'd much rather do it with support. That's what we're here for.
Side note: Mods I would like my tag if possible. Please contact me to let me know what measures must be taken for validation.
