-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/umbv6/reading_all_this_day_3_shit_makes_me_feel_doomed/

I'm 26 years old and have been a binge drinker since high school but only doing so a couple days a week usually. My mom passed away 6mos ago and I used it as an excuse to completely let go. I started drinking every day. About 3mos ago I started drinking morning noon and night. Two weeks ago I lost my gf (for the better but a tough emotional loss none the less) and my job. I've been quitting and relapsing over those past few weeks but 40hrs is the best I've done so far. My family is disappointed in me and my friends don't care. Neither one of them understand the first don't drink and the latter are a bunch of drunks too.  These 40hrs have seemed like an eternity. I can't sleep. I can't eat. I don't want be around anyone. I'm just sweating fucking sweating soaking through my sheets and the couple of hours of sleep I am getting from like 7 to 9am I'm having the worst nightmares. I can't even describe. I've had nightmares before these are something else. Despite everything I just said I know I'm going to successfully quit this time. I know because this is the first time I've ever REALLY WANTED too but if like most of yall my worst day is yet to come. Im scared. 
----------immediate responses--------

Don't be scared.  The physical symptoms may not get too much worse.  It's the mental effects that got me.  Panic.  Doom.  Darkness.  I don't know how else to describe it.  Since you know it's coming you can be prepared. Know that anything your mind throws at you *isn't real*.  Tough it out for a few days and it will all pass...I recommend taking notes about your crazy thoughts feelings &amp; symptoms. Because in a month you'll barely remember how bad it was.  Our brains tend to remember events not emotions.  Having a log of your emotions will help you stay sober.  You'll be able to read it over &amp; remind yourself why you don't drink...Find something to occupy your time.  I played a lot of [Minecraft](http://www.minecraft.net/) &amp; took a lot of walks.
Sounds like you've been to hell and back - so good for you for finally taking a stand and saying "enough!" ..You can do it - you KNOW you can do it it just takes time and like you said "Really wanting" to quit. I know for me that was the biggest difference between this time and all the rest. ..Good luck - just hang in there baby like the kitten in the tree if you know what I mean. 
"Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the ability to continue in the face of it."..Of course you're scared. You have no idea what's coming next much less if you have the ability to deal with it. Here's the thing though; you don't *have* to deal with it alone. Thankfully there are a lot of people here who want you to succeed. Your friends and family might not be able to see what alcoholism is like through your eyes but we've all been there and we know what you're going through...Think about this from Richard Bach: "what a caterpillar calls the end the master calls a butterfly." That's the cusp you're sitting on IgotThisHere. Hang on for just a little longer and I promise you'll be amazed at what happens next.
[deleted]
I'm going to a lot of meetings and they've really helped me these first few days especially.  Just got back from a nooner and I feel sooooo much better right now.  Not sure if it's your cup-o-tay but it's helpful to get us out of our own poisoned minds.  I say give it a shot and give yourself the best chance of success.  You can do it we're all here to help and it gets so much better :)
It is bad.  No doubt about it.  But I found it very refreshing once I got through it to realize that I really was strong enough...Just like you: sweating soaked sheets no sleep.  And the NIGHTMARES. (Like the ones where you wake up and look around the room and all the shit you dreamed is still in the room with you.) But by a week off booze all of that had passed.  And I have not had a SINGLE nightmare since that first week.
It will get better hang in there friend. I'm sorry the people in your life don't understand but it's good you are making the decision on your own for yourself too. Many of us might have people in our lives who convinced us to try quitting at different times but it's when you make the decision for yourself that it sticks...Like others have said don't forget how you feel right now. Weeks down the road when you feel so much better the lies show up- the ones that tell you you never felt this way and it's okay to start again.
Can you get yourself to the hospital or your doctor?  You might be able to get some help with this and not do this on your own.
[deleted]
Thanks for all the helpful comments everyone. I'm feeling pretty good. The sweating and trembling have mostly stopped and I ate a good dinner. I can't sleep yet but hopefully I can get there before sunrise. I'm feeling confident about things. I know this won't last but I'll stay strong and I'll keep visiting here when I need inspiration. Again thanks for the comments. Yall really helped me get through the day.
