-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uoxur/practicing_mindfulness_not_focusing_on_using_my/

or learning that life is really ok.....Recently I had a pretty small- in terms of duration- but monumental experience when visiting down in southern California to attend a friend's memorial service who committed suicide through his struggles with depression and relative substance abuse.  Though his wasn't directly tied to drinking I felt and still feel a deep connection with him and his fight for survival and dealing with life coming to terms with reality and getting tired of the internal chaos that drove me to drink to numb myself from pain- my past experiences things I was doing about a year ago to make ends meet to make money (and drinking more to numb myself before and after) as well as my belief in that my life would always be a struggle and that I was perpetually doomed to exist with an unhealthy relationship with drinking and anger and frustration with my existence...Recently I've been reading some books that help me with my thoughts trying to direct my tendencies towards a more positive outlook working on accountability and honesty so I don't fear the future or become paranoid in the hypocrisy that was the battlefield between my thoughts words and actions. Sure those fears are still with me but the severity and frequency are slowly but surely leaving me...I've been seeking out music that helps me reflect on the present moment not to be forceful in circumstances I desperately wish I could change and to not be so judgmental and hard on others and myself...Acceptance has been a key issue for me to face- accepting my destructive relationship with alcohol still having these lingering thoughts relevant to my history of depression and feeling guilty of my alcoholism the past handful of years that ultimately has led me to lose sight of a lot of passions and my motivation to live a fulfilling life and to just well try.  ..It's been difficult for me to detach from permanent perceptions of my identity as related to my thoughts experiences and physical body.  Knowing that these are fleeting and only last so long and reflecting on myself as being a medium for different energies to come in and out of that I can control to some extent how much I dwell or like to associate with chaos and struggle and feel like I'm in some sense betraying myself and the world if I feel happy or even just calm...After the memorial service for my friend I hung out a bit with friends I haven't seen for about a decade which was really nice- I felt a connection with my child self- playful innocent and just okay.  Then night fell and I made up my mind that I wanted to go to the beach and just sit and listen to the waves rolling in and out crashing on the beach.  ..As I sat there I didn't feel particularly happy or sad.  I felt more of a neutral state.  Meditating on the constant natural forces at work I realized that they are always at work and will continue to be no matter what I do or think- that there are greater things at work all around me.  I felt both humbled and calm.  Sitting there and listening I felt calm and just really content for being alive in that moment- something I haven't felt in quite some time.  I started to cry.  ..I realized that I don't have to make myself struggle so much with placing so much importance on my thoughts as dictating who I am and that living a more peaceful and serene life is in fact possible.  That if I drink and focus on my work of achieving more equanimity a balance of my moods they will carry on to how I can feel more comfortable with life each day...I recently came across [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl3V0dTRDvI) and I wanted to go ahead and pass it off to each of you.  It's helped me to be more aware and mindful of the moments I currently exist in and I find calmness in that.  And I thought maybe you can to.  Thanks guys for enduring my long post and I wish you a happy Wednesday  :)
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Wednesday to you too!
Nice post. Mindfulness is hugely important to me in my sobriety and in life itself.
Letting go of the self and being mindful of existence is certainly the best way I've found to quiet my thoughts of struggle and just enjoy myself. Happy Wednesday!
