-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uv9nw/feeling_down_on_day_6_need_tips_on_dealing_with/

I haven't had a drink since this past Monday but unfortunately this has turned out to be a very difficult week to quit. I would love to hear any words of wisdom on how to deal with the real life challenges I am facing while staying sober for the next week. I am not looking for advice on going to an AA meeting though I am planning on that or Smart Recovery once I finally move to the location I will be in for the next few years (in 2-3 weeks) just advice on staying sober for the next few days. Since I quit the following has happened:...1. One of my best friends and business partner moved out of our apartment / work space in preparation to begin graduate school elsewhere (I will be doing the same soon)...2. That friend and I were publicly flamed on the internet (full names and pictures) by former colleagues the day after he left. Many influential people in our field came across this flame and took it as the truth. It is looking as if legal action will be necessary at this point...3. I had to move all the furniture out of the apartment I have lived in for the past two years to be sent in advance to the location of graduate school which I will be starting in the upcoming months. ..4. Now my apartment is empty (no furniture no lights no bed) and I am largely alone...5. I have a solo work project which needs wrapping up by the end of this week though that may mean not actually finishing it and documenting the work which will result in a burnt bridge with a former mentor...In general I have doing pretty well including going to dinner with friends who all shared a bottle of wine. However I have been struggling with pretty serious fatigue despite sleeping 8-9 hours every day. My eyes feel tired and I feel drained in general. On top of that it seems as if I have burnt my professional bridges to the city I am leaving. In general I just feel sh** about the results of the past two years. ..That said I really need to put at least the work necessary to wrap up my work project. To be honest given my present state I'm worried that I simply cannot finish the project this week so I have settled on just trying to get it (software) sufficiently documented so that someone else can finish it in the future...How can I remind myself of the value in remaining sober when I feel the urges to just drink away the awareness of my problems this week? I feel like I am just sitting around paralyzed at the moment wasting away as much time as I can by watching whatever tv shows I can find.
----------immediate responses--------

You exercising? That helps me but I still have urges I am only at 27 days but there are still tough days. I don't think it matters if you have 6 days or 60 there are tough days good days etc where the bottle looks pretty damn good. ..Just hang in there when the urges hit me I say to myself "this to shall pass" and amazingly it does. You will feel much better and those items on your list will be much easier to complete hang in there...
Well you definitely have a lot of stress in your life right now but all of them would only get worse if you crawled into a bottle and tried to disappear for the rest of the week. I'd break down each of the areas you've got going on right now into two categories: stuff you can do something about and stuff you can't. Of the stuff you can do something about - like finishing your coding project - I'd set out some very specific goals about how you can do that. If it's just not possible to get it done then step 1 is de-scoping some stuff and resetting expectations with whoever you owe it to. Don't let this be a surprise don't over commit yourself and don't start the week without a good plan on how to make sure you don't do either. ..On the work/reputation thing maybe make this project a good capstone on your time in the city. If you can pull some kind of success out of it it will at the very least help your self-esteem and may help with the flame war if they're in the same circles don't know...Anyway if I were you I would get real specific in how I'm going to use my last few days writing out specific goals and to-do's for each one. Seeing things in front of you in the form of a plan is very empowering - keeping a metal to-do list with no specific ways to achieve it is just more stress on top of what you already have. And obviously if you drink all bets are off for the week so that's job one...You can do this - get psyched up and go for it. One hard week to push through and you'll be glad you did by the end of it.
Drinking surely won't help you finish your project...The key to dealing with stress - identify your problem (software project) plan how you'll overcome that problem (document the project) execute the plan to the best of your ability (stay sober!) accept the consequences (project finished off your radar screen) &amp; let the stress go.
Have you considered AA? You don't have to agree with everything. You will get support and lots of practical ways to cope with stress from people who understand.  When I got sober so many things fell apart for me too. In a way it was a blessing. I was desperate to not drink so it was a quick initiation into learning sober living skills. It pissed me off at the time I admit but I didn't drink. My anger helped too.  I decided that "living well was the best revenge!"
It sounds like you need to be with people right now. If you have a laptop head down to the library or Starbucks and work from there. Or go join in some community activities. Get away from that lonely empty place...Also do anything necessary to not drink. Eat like a pig buy yourself something extravagant screw it all and go on a vacation - now (worked for me thanks offtherocks!) play a 12 hour long session of Diablo 3 watch TV. Sleep it's good for you.  Not good long-term strategies but right now anything you do is better than drinking. The most important thing you can do right now is not drink. That'll do more for your long-term success than finishing this project.
I know you said you're not averse to AA so I would tell you to spend some time thinking about the serenity prayer. There's a lot of shit going on right now that ultimately is not within your control. Indeed you control even less than you think you do. And that's cool. It's actually a blessing...Accept the things you cannot change (the whole world around you) have the courage to change the things you can (You) and have the wisdom to know the difference. Keep that in mind and you should stay straight.
