-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/uzpgk/bad_relapse_after_60_days/

I had a bad relapse after fortunate 60 days. I guess I was to confident and I fell into a trap I don't know how much to say except that I'm feeling awful and very guilty but I intend to try to get to another 60 days and beyond.
----------immediate responses--------

Relapse is one of the characteristics of the disease. That doesn't mean that it's something that people have to do over and over again but for a lot of us it's what convinces us that we are alcoholic and need help. Don't beat yourself up. Start over. I don't know if you're using AA or not but it can help. And a lot of people in AA have experience with relapse and can tell you what they learned from theirs. 
You will be fine. This happens to alot of us. The important thing is learning from your relapse. I look back on mine and realize that is what convinced me I was an alcoholic. I was still trying to drink like other people but I quickly realized that's just not how I roll.You are obviously back and holding yourself accountable now it's time to start protecting your sobriety like it's your baby.Make it a priority and forgive yourself. You are not entirely well yet. I care about you as a person who knows what hell feels like and how lonely it can be PM me if you need someone.
You had a slip but it doesn't have to be a fall. 
I'd say that almost all of us have been there so don't feel bad. For me repeated relapse was one of the best ways to really hammer it home in my head that I really couldn't drink safely anymore and needed to deal with my problem in a more serious and thorough manner. See if you can take away some good lessons learned (for example what are the factors that led up to the relapse? how can you better deal with them in the future?) and when you get to 60 days again you'll be that much stronger for it.
I relapsed after 75 days 60 days and several 30-40 days...Dont give up! It really is worth the effort  :)
Don't call your 60 days fortunate you earned them...What trap did you fall into?
thanks for all your support I've read the Allen Carr's book and that helped me alot I could not recommend it enough but tomorrow I will attend to my first AA meeting.
[Alfred](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY3-34EOtGg)
