-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vh4ul/so_last_thursday_while_at_the_gym_doing_cardio_i/

One of the suggestions at the end of the book was to have one last drink to basically ritualistically celebrate the end of drinking forever. Of course me being a good alcoholic decided I should really celebrate just so I didn't forget how bad it is and how it's just nothing more than a poison. ..After countless late night bar tabs for the first few days about 7.5 liters of vodka and a couple of cases of beer I decided the wake for my alcoholism/addiction was over and hopefully I never doubt myself ever again. What started on Thursday ended on this past Tuesday night with me tapering off the alcohol and then spending a couple of days detoxing with Xanax to ease the DT's. I put myself through hell and back and I didn't go easy.  All of this was accompanied with the shakes severe sweating tachycardia vomiting (mostly stomach acid) dehydration severe headaches dizziness passing in and out of consciousness face and limbs going numb and generally being delirious at times.  ..So here I sit a little over 8 days later and I'm just now feeling human again. I'm also not so sure the book should suggest that an abstaining alcoholic have that one last drink. I mentioned before that I also disagreed with his statement that there is no physical withdrawal from alcohol. It really makes me question if the man ever drank enough to even know what withdrawals feel like. The withdrawals from extreme alcoholism are so severe that in most cases people have to go to the hospital so they don't end up dying from complications. ..Anyhow I guess to get to the points I want to make from my experience is: Alcohol is a poison it can kill you it can and does have serious withdrawl symptoms and if you are already abstaining from alcohol use when you finish reading said book I highly suggest you say goodbye to alcohol by having some cake and blowing out candles...For me I have found the book to be helpful however please consider my observations and experiences. This has quite possibly been one of the most dangerous book reviews I have ever done yet at the same time quite possibly being one of the most helpful. There is a saying "insanity is repeating the same mistakes expecting different results." I sincerely believe that needs to also include "insanity is repeating OTHER people's mistakes expecting different results. ..I hope ever one has a fun and safe weekend. I appreciate all the people here and this subreddit. I am very thankful for all my friends that watched over me all week and for the ones that couldn't physically be there that constantly kept contact to ensure my safety and well being through this horrible relapse. Today would have been my 30 days now I'm back to day 2 of no alcohol or detox drugs. Although it's just a number I'm ready to start the road to being free again. Thanks for listening or uh reading!
----------immediate responses--------

It has been on my mind while reading the book.  I think I'll heed this suggestion and I really appreciate your feedback.
Wow.  You missed the point a bit there.  The last drink isn't to celebrate.  It's to have a last drink ever and to know exactly when you stopped...Are you sure you read the whole book? 
You forgot the hiccups! You can do it. No more alcohol. Free yourself from your addiction. I'm here to help any way I can. 
Page 22 when he says to not quit drinking until you have finished the book he says "if you are in recovery or have abstained for longer than a whole day remain abstinent if possible". Go look. 
It's the first drink that gets a real alcoholic drunk. "Once he takes any alcohol whatever into his system something happens both in the bodily and mental sense which makes it virtually impossible for him to stop. The experience of any alcoholic will abundantly confirm this." *Alcoholics Anonymous* pp. 22-23...Telling an alcoholic to take a "last drink" to say good-bye to drinking is insane (as if he or she hasn't already done so many times) so it's obvious that Mr. Carr was not an alcoholic nor was his book meant as a way for alcoholics to quit drinking. A much better way to say goodbye to alcohol is picking up one of [these.](http://i.ebayimg.com/04/!B-4HyQBWk~$%28KGrHqF!h0EzLZUTCRiBM99y3G%28G!~~_35.JPG)..You're lucky you survived that and I'm glad you made it here. You never have to take another drink in your life if you don't want to.
