-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vixc5/day_10_feel_like_im_finally_getting_a_grasp_on/

I'm feeling great.  Clear-headed sleeping much better productive and cravings are much less powerful.  I just wanted to share that with you and see what similar experiences you might have had around your 10th day or so.  I've heard that there is potential for relapse around this time but I really want to make sure that doesn't happen.  I'd love for you to share your stories to help motivate me.
----------immediate responses--------

I hadn't heard the relapse around ten days thing. It seems like every time I hit another milestone I'm warned about another potential for relapse. Apparently I'm in the middle of a perfect storm here having just made six months and sitting in the half-year doldrums and in addition working on my moral inventory for AA a mostly embarrassing exercise that would make most people in their mid 40s want to drink. My advice is to ignore that stuff. Sometimes common wisdom is neither...What's generally describe as the pink cloud phase is basically your body's physiological response to the sudden withdrawal of alcohol from your system. Imagine that your body is a see-saw with booze on one end of the fulcrum and your brain on the other. Booze pushes down with depression and your brain responds by releasing happy making chemicals. Booze pushes back with lethargy and your body responds by providing extra energy from reserves. Suddenly booze jumps off the see-saw. Now you're left feeling more energetic than ever and so damn happy that you're practically giddy. This is the period where almost everyone cleans their house for some reason. I also signed up for about a dozen meetups started going to parks started getting back into reading started exercising. I'm sure you know the feeling...There will be a slight letdown as your body chemistry starts to settle in to its new circumstances. Some people refer to that as a crash but it's really just getting yourself back to center. You're still going to feel better than you did while you were drinking. Frankly I welcomed the lull: I was doing way too many things at once and was forgetting to stop and take a breath every once in a while.
The first month is full of ups and downs. Just stay strong. The cravings will significantly subside at some point just stick around.
Glad you're feeling great. ..If you really want to make sure it doesn't happen again it's a great idea to start talking to like-minded people. Have you considered talking to a counselor or attending some sort of recovery program?
Typically  we dont see relapses coming. If you are worried about relapse that is good. Just hangout here. Ask questions vent and dump worries. The key is being honest with yourself.
