-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vjili/tomorrow_morning_ill_wake_up_and_be_six_months/

Before I started this I was drinking every single night and even on nights that I told myself I wasn't going to drink I'd wind up at the corner store around 9:00 pm to get a couple 40s.  For the last 179 days I've woken up without a hangover without struggling to recall things I did last night in embarrassed panic.  I've braved social situations where in the past I would have thought "Well I can't NOT drink at that" I'm doing my school work on time and my GPA is at 3.7.  ..I don't post too often in here but I read your posts almost every day and you've been a huge help in this process.  Here's to six months going on a year of sobriety!  
----------immediate responses--------

Good work. It's a tough fight.
I hear the angels singing!  Doesn't it feel great? ..Congratulations. 
Sweet way to go! I soooo wish I would have gotten sober back in school now a BS in on my bucket list. You've got a lot to look forward to my friend.
Fuck yeah good job.
I'm so happy for you! Good work you're an inspiration.
Congratulations. I'll be there one day if I commit
So exciting :)..6 months was huge for me. I remember the exact day and what I was doing. ..Keep trucking.
Fucking epic yo! Keep up the good work!..I don't post here as often as I should either but I lurk the fuck out of this subreddit. ..Glad you have one more day sober. All it takes is willingness :) 
Nice! Congrats - that is pretty amazing. I am in the exact same boat as far as the 40s go. Thanks for inspiring us all.
Congrats! That's fantastic you've done it while in school you should be extremely proud of yourself. 
[deleted]
Congratulations. Keep it up and I hope to hit that milestone soon. 
I have this thing about not congratulating anyone if they're saying that in the future they'll have.....But now that 6/25/12 has arrived I'm going to assume you made it through the night and say CONGRATULATIONS!  I'm really glad you are staying sober one day at a time and that you're here at /r/stopdrinking regardless of how often you post...180 is great!  181 is really nice too...
