-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vkpsb/some_types_of_relapse/

I want to offer some thoughts on relapse "types" that I've noticed:  Note that none of this means that we ever actually have to take that first drink!  We don't.  Relapses happen to many of us but they don't have to KEEP happening.  (And by the way I had every type of relapse on the list at least once before putting together some sober time.)..And if you've been down one or more of these roads you have lots of company.  But to possibly help others from trying out every possible type of relapse here are some that seem to happen to quite a few of us:..* we feel that our boss/friend/spouse/boyfriend/girlfriend/parent has acted like a total ass and we "drink at them" (hurting ourselves instead)..* we decide that maybe we were making too much of our situation... that we don't actually have a problem with alcohol or it's "not as bad" as we had thought (that's often after a long history of proving that we can't drink in moderation at least can't do it with any consistency)..* we decide we'll just drink "this once" or "for a little while" and then get right back to recovery (sadly it sometimes ends up being months or years before we return if we return)..* we decide that eventually at some point in the future we're "going to drink anyway" so why not just do it now?  (that's self-fulfilling and negative thinking)..* we are around others who are drinking and if we're not in the proper frame of mind we can fall into a thinking pattern such as "Everyone else is drinking so why not?" or "They can drink... why can't I?"..* it seems we're not really thinking at all... we just decide to drink...There might be other types.  But the main point is that for people like me (unable to control our drinking if we start) none of these are good reasons for taking that first drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I just hit bullets 2 and 4 combined.  I have asked to have my badge reset; I haven't gotten past 2 weeks yet.
Good list...#1 = resentment: "Resentment is the 'number one' offender. It destroys more alcoholics than anything else."..#2 = insanity: "The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker."..#3 = powerlessness: "We are unable at certain times to bring into our consciousness with sufficient force the memory of the suffering and humiliation of even a week or a month ago. We are without defense against the first drink."..#4 = see #2..#5 = see #2 + self-pity...#6 = complacency ..There's also the "I was young when I quit and I'm much older and mature now. Surely now I can take a drink every now and then." Insanity + pride. I've seen that more times than I care to think about. It's always there patiently waiting.
This is a good list but let's go off on a bit of a philosophical tangent here.  You list of a bunch of things that may lead a person to relapse but what's the solution?  ..One approach would be to tackle each cause individually. You know like if you have negative feels &amp; start to think you want to drink you tackle those negative feelings. This would work but the problem is that there are 100's of things that might lead to relapse.  Sounds really hard to always be on the lookout for any one of 100's of things that may lead to relapse and then have a different plan for dealing with each one. ..Another approach would be to focus on the bottleneck. (See what I did there?) All of these things lead to a single action - our own arm pouring alcohol down our own throats. Seems to me that it'd be better to focus on that - no matter what happens as long as you never pick up a drink you'll never relapse.  I guess this is the "We don't drink no matter what" approach.  ..Of course you'd probably want a blend of the two to live a happy &amp; sober life. But the whole thing reminds me a bit of birth control - we don't bother trying to deactivate millions of sperm cells we instead focus on deactivating a single egg.  So much easier &amp; much more foolproof...What methods do you suggest for dealing with these relapseable situations?  I mean other than general well-meaning but often not-very-useful advice like "hit a meeting."  Hitting a meeting may be all fine &amp; dandy but if someone's going to suggest something like that I'd like to know what exactly it is about the meeting that they think will help.  You know for science.
Boom number 3 right here. Back on day 1. 
Put me down for #2 over and over.
Guilty on all counts before I found this sub and got clean.
I see myself headed towards #2 and hardman's addition.  I hate to admit it but those insane thoughts have been lingering longer and are occurring more frequently.  ..I'm looking for a teaching position.  My lease ends July 31st so I've got some anxiety about the future.  I'm also sponsorless and don't care to start a new relationship with a new sponsor only to get a job out of state in a month and do it all again.  ..On a better note I've discovered a beautiful place to swim and watch the sun set.  
