-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/w7vd1/reading_about_people_relapsing_makes_me_want/

I just made a month and I'm so happy!  I look forward to watching my star grow. :D..I want to talk about something that may seem uncomfortable.  Since I've been coming here I've seen so many stories about people relapsing.  I've noticed that it's usually people who haven't made it past the first 90 days. . .I'm glad people give sobriety another chance (we all make mistakes God knows I've made so many) but reading their stories actually motivates me to stay even farther away from alcohol...I'm at the point where I don't even eat in restaurants that serve alcohol.  I'm not saying it'll always be this way but until my sobriety is mature and backed by time I'll be avoiding situations and places where alcohol is available...Granted I'm wearing a court appointed monitor so I don't have the choice to drink for at least a few months but I'm using this time not only to find myself but to prepare myself for when this monitor comes off and I'm free to do as I please.  That's when tempation will kick in because I won't have any immediate consequences.  But I have faith that I'm going to make it...I just want to say that if you're thinking about taking a drink please take the time to think logically about it.  So often we rush into things and regret them right after...That drink isn't going to make you feel better.  It would make you feel worse.  What we have to do is face every day knowing that no matter how hard it gets we are doing the right thing by not drinking. It's morally right it's logically sound and it's the best step we can take towards happiness.
----------immediate responses--------

Whenever I feel in danger of relapsing I find it's not actually the urge to drink that is foremost in my mind.  It's the urge to say "Fuck it all I'm checking out today."  I can satisfy my urge for a cold carbonated beverage easily enough in any number of ways.  That's the physical side of it dealt with.  The emotional side is me just not wanting to deal with anything.  And the more I confront this desire honestly the less likely I am to give in to it.
I relapsed at 6 months and it was about emotional things...Now if I feel the desire to escape I just do it in other ways - play a game read a book watch a movie...
I know that relapse doesn't necessarily happen to everyone but I am nonetheless piss-my-pants terrified of what might happen to me if I ever stopped being vigilant over my sobriety. I'm not really an out with a bang kind of guy and in a way the thought of simply fading away into nothing is even sadder to me than the more spectacular alternatives...Like they said in The Sopranos you probably never hear the bullet that kills you. I know that drink is out there and I know I'm going to face it one day and I'm fairly certain that all my best thinking isn't going be enough to see me through. So for me my insurance policy consists of hitting my knees every morning saying thanks for the last day and promising to try to only do the right thing for the next 24 hours. It's really a small price to pay.
Before I leave the house to go where drinking is I read a bit on this subreddit think about how many days I've made it and tell someone: "I am amazed that I've made it __ days. This feels great!"...It is pretty difficult to tell myself failing someone else as well as myself will be fine. Even if I can lie to myself that I will be okay to drink I know that those around me who have noticed how much better I am without drink will be disappointed if I were to drink again. And honestly deep down I know that I would not be happy with myself the next day if I did drink even if it actually was "only one".
Someone once told me that one drink is too many and two is not enough.  This is me.  As long as I dont have that first drink I'm good.  As I get to points of thinking "a drink sounds good" I quickly step back and figure out whats driving that feeling.   Boredom?  Stress?  I then try to address the underlying feeling.  ..Luckily I've never had a "physical" feeling of needing that first drink it was always situational.  ..But I know that the first drink can easily lead to my last because of my inability to stop.  For the sake of my wife kids myself and the legacy I want to leave behind I choose sobriety from here on out. 
I agree totally! I don't go to meetings but I get on here every single day and read everyone's stories. Relapses scared beginnings success stories... they've all made a big impact on my perspective and goals. Thank you ALL for sharing it's so helpful!..Edit: Forgot to say congrats on 30 days!!! 
&gt; I want to talk about something that may seem uncomfortable...Me too. How did you end up with the monitor? Was it alcohol related?
Relapse to me means not understanding well enough the reasons you stopped... because whatever reasons they were in that moment you picked up a drink they were one reason too few. I'm not claiming to understand relapse for everyone and I understand there may be many other reasons it happens but that's what it means to me...I have a lot of pep talks to myself to keep me from picking up that first drink and the best one for me- the one that consistently makes me shut down the thought process of talking myself into it- is the idea that I am neglecting the urge inside me until it dies. There is only one thing that nurtures it: alcohol. And every time I deny it sustenance it gets a little weaker. It makes the act of saying no feel productive. I'm not delaying the inevitable; I accomplish something new and important every single time I say no.
