-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/w8ftc/survived_saturday_night_without_a_drink/

It's been 36 hours since my last drink but sitting in an empty home alone is starting to drawl me back to taking a shot of WT 101 to ease the pain. I'm really struggling here but I can do this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on 36 hours!  Would you really feel any better after a shot of Wild Turkey or would you just cause more pain?..You can do this!  You're almost up to two days!
[deleted]
One of the things alcoholics do is attach undue value to alcohol.  Like if someone hands you a drink you feel compelled to drink it lest you be "wasting" the alcohol.  ..Why haven't you dumped your alcohol yet?  It's hard I know.  But why not?  Aren't you serious about quitting?  Are you keeping it around "just in case?"  Do you think the alcohol has value?  Think about why you haven't dumped it. Not dumping it is holding you back.  You need to dump it and make this real...Much better to pour it down the sink than down your throat..
I agree with fragn0lia you should pour it out. It's not valuable. It's fermented poison in a bottle. I remember one time I took an entire pack of cigarettes and ran it under the sink until they were all soaked (I did that so I wouldn't even be tempted to dig them out of the trash). It was really hard but I felt amazing afterwards...What is your default going to be on these urges? Not just today but tomorrow. Have you decided? If you turn away from the craving it will fade. If you feed it it'll consume your night and be back again tomorrow to repeat the process...Edit: Oops just saw your response to OFT haha. Well done!!
Keep with it INAF. I'm going to be honest with you; this is going to get worse before it gets better. But you're just about half way through the worst of it. If you give in now you're just going to have to do these 36 over again...Congratulations on how far you've made it so far. Keep checking in with us. We're behind you. Don't let yourself forget why this has to happen. You're strong enough to do this. I know you are.
