-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/w8h21/just_gave_away_my_collection_glasses_flasks/

I am moving places just to change the scenery from what turned into my drinking den. My new place doesn't have room for my pool table so I gave it to a friend as long as he moved it. While he was there I made the decision to box up all of my shot glasses tumblers flasks; including my giant one which could hold a handle. I handed him the box and told him to take it. He tried to resist but I insisted. I knew he wanted me to keep it because he figured that I would relapse again soon but getting rid of that stuff was something I hadn't done before while trying to get sober and since my previous attempts failed I figured it was something I should do. ..Though I did keep three shot glasses and one sterling silver flasks that were given to me as gifts I plan to pack them away when I move. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a big step maybe bigger than you know. There are times I have to make changes in the external world before my inside world can change. One of the things I've heard in AA which is true for me is that I can't think my way to right action but I can act my way to right thinking. In other words if I do something different and keep doing it different I change. 
Well done and congratulations. I would prefer to get rid of all the wine glasses the magnificent beer glasses the shot glasses... all those lovely pieces that I so adored and haunt me now but we still have company and my boyfriend (very rarely) drinks...Instead I've been putting other liquids in them. Breaking the association re-purposing them changing the way I see them. I've been drinking all manner of beverages out of them- water grape juice soda milk. They're beginning to just look like glasses; the sick kind of reverence surrounding them is fading.
Breaking those associations with objects is really important. When I quit doing drugs I threw out my desk that I did all my drugs on for years. I think it really helped. Stay strong.
