-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/weqv2/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over!  How's it been going?..Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Tonight is going to be my first concert since stopping with booze and I'm cautiously looking forward to it.  To stop myself from drinking I'll be driving since I do not drink then drive and never have.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Wednesday back at ya! .What concert are you going to? Kudos to you for volunteering to be the DD. I think it's smart to find ways to make yourself be accountable and responsible. Have a lovely safe evening!
&gt;since I do not drink then drive and never have...Amen to that. That's one of the very few positive things I can say about my decade of drinking...I went to a concert a couple days ago as well. I guess my only advice would be if a craving hits know that it will pass. I was knee-deep in drinking people the entire night but after about an hour I was able to stop fixating on the fact and have fun...I've been off for five days in a row so today actually has the sad returning-to-work feel of a Sunday. At least it'll be Thursday already when I return but my work is probably stacked to the sky from my absence. &gt;.&lt;..I will try to go in optimistic.
[So I asked NoMoreBeersPlease  whatcha doin' tonight...](http://youtu.be/5XyQ8XDgUf4?t=35s)..Triumph:  I've succeeded in spending way too much time in the IRC chat room...Struggle: I am struggling with spending too much time in the IRC chat room...General nonsense:  Hey I might go on vacation for a few days starting this weekend. Woohoo! Depending on how good of a job I do of pulling myself away from the IRC chat room &amp; getting some stuff done that is.  So if you don't hear from me I'm probably not dead.  *Probably*. ..
Good: Started swimming again. Been four times this week after not going in months. Still a struggle to make myself go but I always feel good about it afterwards. Seems to be the case for a lot of things I've been doing in sobriety. But holy shit the Old Thompson whiskey &amp; PBR diet along with the "holy shit the liquor store closes in 10 minutes i have to sprint there" exercise regiment I've been subscribing to over the past few years has clearly taken its toll on me. Gotta start somewhere I guess. ..Bad: Still struggling with a lot of other self-discipline stuff especially regarding work. I'm self-employed in a freelance industry and have no one (other than the bill collectors) to really motivate me to get my shit done other than myself. Sleeping in way too late for no reason putting things off making lists of what I want to get done work-wise and then only getting through the easiest quickest things on the list - if that. Good habits are really hard to cultivate especially ones without immediate payoffs. ..Hope everyone's doing well. 
Today I found out my job position requires me to be co-chair of the notoriously boozy summer BBQ for work...At first I panicked.  I literally felt like running.  ..But I've had some time to think and maybe it won't be too bad.  I mean I'd have to show up to the BBQ no matter what (if nothing else just to make an appearance) - at least this way I get to make sure there are some awesome non-alcoholic drinks...... I'm thinking smoothies.  
tonight i took the wife out for dinner. iam always amazed how much money we save since we arent buying drinks. wife might have a glass of wine but when i was drinking it would be multiple drinks followed by a after dinner drink. now its pepsi/coke or coffee and i can stay awake for the 10 oclock news
[deleted]
Triumphs: Went to the concert and enjoyed it without a drop of booze...Struggles: All my friends were drinking and the beer was very tempting...General Chat: Drunk people are really annoying when you're sober and trying to watch and concert and they're in your face.
[deleted]
Triumph - Have started calling two people daily to avoid isolating.  They can't be the same people everyday so I'm forcing myself outside of that comfy box...Struggle - Not kicking people who tell me I need to start praying.  Being more patient and understanding about mental illness in others.
Triumph:  This week marks the longest I've been sober in 7 years...Struggle:  Tomorrow we have a wine tasting at work.  Regardless of my sobriety:  Wine is a beautiful triumph of agriculture and it kinda pisses me off that I'll be abstaining from (arguably) the best part.  My only saving grace is that I honestly enjoy the academics of regions varietals vintners etc.  The sober wine snob :/
Just keeping busy at work. Recent crisis there seems to have passed. The heat wave finally broke here it's wonderful. Trying to cut back on the carbs - I made broccoli instead of potatoes for a side dish with some beef. Digging the new live Jellyfish CD. Those guys should have been huge........TLDR: life is pretty good this week
Triumph:  4 weeks today!..Struggle: Massive stress at work definitely reminds me of that easy "off switch" that alcohol is.  Hanging tough through the cravings but that leads me to another triumph: the urges are getting shorter and less powerful - easier to deal with.  Good stuff.
I'm on day 4 and feel great. I've woken up early and done yoga three days in a row! I haven't been able to work out three days in a row in a long time. Feeling really good. Last time I tried to move on from alcohol to a better life I only made it halfway through day 5 so a bit nervous about that but I feel a lot better about my decision this time around. I love all the positivity here it helps me stay very motivated. Thanks guys.
Triumph - 7 days! Been at a bar wedding office dinner...just a steady diet of ice water..Struggles - There is a bit of anxiety whenever I go out because EVERYBODY is drinking. I catch myself wishing for one sometimes it's not easy...General Chat - it's only been a week but my body feels great and the mind is sharp. I've been putting in extra time with the guitar and staying awake during movies. Life is great
