-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wl6ke/struggling_doesnt_begin_to_cover_it/

I've found myself struggling quite a bit these days. I have lost everything since I quit drinking three months ago. Literally everything my job my car my house and it shows no sign of getting better. I spend a lot of time thinking about drinking about the carefree attitude alcohol gave me and how much better things were before I realized that I have a problem. I know now the problem was always me and I am taking steps to fix myself ... it's just taking longer than I had hoped I suppose. My father has been sober 17 years this month and I think about how far he has come and what trials he must have gone through and I feel so weak in comparison.  I know that quitting drinking is a lifetime of vigilance and that you never stop quitting. Guess I am in need of some support from you all today moreso than usual.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there.  I'm lurking in the IRC chat right now and probably for another hour if you want to stop by for some "company".  ..http://snoonet.com/webchat?channels=%23stopdrinking
The phrase "one day at a time" is vital to keep in mind.  Don't think about a lifetime of vigilance.  I certainly can't.  It's exhausting and depressing.  Try to focus instead just on what's happening right now in front of your nose in this moment.  Just breathe...As bad as things seem right now they would be far worse if you were still drinking.  
Man i have had the exact same thing happen to me - as soon as i started trying to get on the right track i lost EVERYTHING but it would have likely happened either way to us. Lets hope it turns around the way i see it is by changing this good things have to start happening at some point.
it took me a little over 2 years (in AA) to reach the point where i sincerely believe that i have taken my last drink. the obsession to find relief through drinking was astonishingly powerful and cunning. it would sneak through all my defenses given any bit of a chance and take me to the convenience or liquor store even when i didn't want to repeat that dead end scenario. ..i suggest you find an AA group that is well founded in the actual program of Alcoholics Anonymous that is written in the big book. they'll be listed as a "Big Book Study" meeting. the big book is designed to show a solution to living a happy and meaningful life without alcohol. it's more a program for living than for just not drinking. one member of my group who introduces himself as a recovered alcoholic recently related a wonderfully simple definition of recovery: "I no longer suffer from drinking and I no longer suffer from *not drinking*."..if you've tried AA and found yourself resisting the spiritual nature of the program (as i did) then i implore you to try again with a Big Book study meeting with an open mind since the Big Book is quite clear about not telling anyone what to believe regarding the nature of a power greater than yourself. (they use the word 'God' simply to have a common reference term that people have a general understanding of.) a solid Big Book study group will easily be able to guide you through those parts of the book and the program.
[deleted]
Sometimes things get worse before they get better. If you can maintain strength you will be all the more strong willed coming out the other side.
&gt;My father has been sober 17 years this month and I think about how far he has come and what trials he must have gone through and I feel so weak in comparison...I recently heard this referred to as comparing someone else's outside to your own inside. I would wager that if you were to share this thought with your dad he would laugh his ass off. Do people really look at him and see someone strong? Hilarious...There's something they tell you in backwoods camping and hiking: one mile in one mile out. Just can't simply decide you've had enough hiking and be transported back to your house. Not that it wouldn't be nice if you could; it's just not how it works. So you're on your trudge back to you car now. It's not as fun (or as fast!) as the walk in and you're probably a little worse for the wear. But you know this path gets you back toward home. Just keep following it. ..
Life continues whether we drink or not. But being sober we can work through these obstacles and come out the other side a little more wise than before...It's a journey my friend and the road is rocky but keep going.
There's often a lot of wreckage to clean up when alcoholics finally out down the drink. If you walk five miles into the woods you're going to have to walk five miles out. ..You're on the right path now though. Drinking wont bring any of these things back but hard work in sobriety can. ..One day at a time. If you're looking up someone with a lot of time see them as an example of hope that it's possible for you to get there yourself. Don't let it make you feel less than or weak. They had to and still are doing it one day at a time just like you. 
When things are hard  my experience us that time passes really slowly. A hard week feels endless. As much as you can remember that holding on a bit through some rough patches really will pay off. .Sometimes we forget or we don't even know yet how much easier staying sober becomes. It won't be harder for you at a year or three or ten it will be easier. Right now you are in the.toughest early part. Those first weeks including fast and furious life changes on top on inner confusion are wild. And yeah it can seem endless. Hang the fuck on; it really does change and shift..I'll be rooting for you. Sorry if phone mangled words.
I'm proud of you and I'm sorry you're going through a tough time right now. When you're going through hell keep going. There will be a day you look back on this and though you don't feel strong now future you will recognize (and be proud of) the strength in you now. If you can make it through this you can make it through anything.
