-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wr7j3/whats_up_wednesday/

Hey everyone it's Wednesday that means the week's half over! How's it been going?.Share your triumphs struggles or just general chat!..Triumph: Stayed sober during a pretty stressful day yesterday at work...Struggle:  This weekend I'm visiting a friend out of town and we usually end up having beers most of the weekend...General chat: I told my Mom last night about my problem she almost broke into tears and told me she's known for a long time.  I guess we alcoholics really are the last to know...Enjoy another beautiful sober day!
----------immediate responses--------

Had my frist little struggle yesterday since I moved on 10 days ago. Aunt was in town and took my wife and I out to dinner. Luckily she doesn't drink and my wife no longer does either wife doesn't have the struggles with it I do though. But I usually do have a drink or two when my aunt takes us out. They had $4 cocktails advertised and a huge bar the waitress was really pushing those cocktails too. I almost cracked I actually wanted to and probably would have if those two were not with me. After about 10 minutes though of really wanting a drink I chilled out and realized how incredibly happy I was that I didn't get one. The craving went away so fast. It was a bit scary but a really good experience. Now I know that if I can just wait it out and that feeling of freedom from alcohol will return. 
3 days post my Saturday night fiasco nothing on the horizon that will be a challenge. Working through the reasons why I failed and a plan for the next challenge. At least I know when a situation will be a challenge I have passed a few but I need to pass them all. I can't have one or two period end of story move on to another book.
Holy crap yesterday I had one of the more difficult encounters I have had since I quit!  I had to meet with a few other colleagues (both heavy drinkers) for a work-related meeting that spilled over into the bar next door.  I couldn't remove myself from the situation since there were still things I needed to hear and martinis were being ordered around me.  The initial temptation was incredibly strong but I staved it off with a diet coke.  After the important part of the meeting was over the bitch-fest about work began and after being pressured by a couple of different co-workers to "add a little rum to that diet coke" I was out of there unscathed my sobriety in tact.  I suppose the triumph small as it may be was that when I was being asked again and again if I wanted alcohol it became apparent to me that I was actually actively *not wanting* it.  Although the inner monologue that has gotten me into trouble many times kept saying "ahh one's okay.  Just do it to fit in" I didn't feel any physical desire to have any alcohol or be inebriated in any way.  That made it a million times easier to say no and eventually extricate myself from the situation.  When I got home I felt relieved that I han't caved and I wasn't left with that feeling of being left out or wanting a drink - just made my dinner cleaned up the house and watched TV.  As a bonus I got a great night's sleep and I only spent a total of $2.00 for the 2 sodas I drank.
[deleted]
My roommate came back from a camping trip with 2 boxes full of liquor and wine bottles. Some full some half empty. The old me would have lost it and binged...instead I asked him to put them somewhere else besides the counter. If I don't see them they aren't there. ;)..At 5-10 days into my sobriety this would have been a huge problem for me. Right now I think I can handle it. Just one more test of my resolve.
Triumph: I was discharged from hospital and was not made an involuntary patient (they said that if I tried to leave they would commit me but I spoke with my doctors and they were happy for me to come back home). .Struggle: I have had to resist the urge to buy and drink booze while living at home alone with few contacts who understand this problem. There are three bottle shops within a 1 kilometre radius from me and to resist has been extremely hard but very rewarding. .General chat: I was able to speak to my best friend tonight! She is holidaying in Europe and has been away for a month and I miss her like crazy. Skype FTW. She is my rock. &lt;3
Hungover as shit. I hate me.
Triumph:  Yesterday FINALLY admitting that I'm an alcoholic and can never drink like a normal person..Struggle:  Last night was one of the longest ever.  Nausea yesterday afternoon and this morning..General:  My wife is so pissed and cold to me.  My addictive voice tells me that's unfair but I know she can't get over that I was unresponsive in bed after leaving our baby out on the couch. I've destroyed her trust..
Today's struggle: having to make a bunch of phone calls to deal with student loan bureaucracy. I opened my mail late last night (you'd think I'd learn not to do that) and as a result didn't sleep well at all.  Ugh there is nothing else in my life today that can get me quite as twisted up as dealing with Sallie Mae...Today's triumph: I won't drink over it. I'll go to therapy and to a meeting. I know that dealing with this crap one step at a time will work. I just need to do the next right thing. ..I'm glad this subreddit is here. I get a lot out of it...Hope everybody has a great day or at least as good a one as possible. Look for one good thing and concentrate on it.
I am not a plushie and that is a good thing. ..About two hours from chairing my first AA meeting. Luckily it's a meditation meeting so there's 15 minutes out of the hour I don't have to concern myself with...Wanting to hit up the farmer's market later today. On the dinner menu: ham steak with redeye gravy grits and a tomato salad. Eatin' like a Southern boy!
Checking in! I'm now on Day 6...again. I've hit three meetings so far in this time and plan on going to another this evening. As a typical alcoholic let me say this: I'm done drinking. With all my heart I plan on staying away from the drink. Last night I watched *My Name is Bill W* and for once in a very long time I got a good idea of what my life was turning into. Thankfully I have this Sub to read and draw encouragement from.
I always hated hump day when I was drinking. It simultaneously reminded me that I still had half a week left until I could really cut lose but had already wasted the first half of the week recovering from last weekend. My triumph is just that I've already been productive this week and am fine with having half the week left before the weekend still much to do. 
Hey everyone! I'm hanging in there and feeling pretty good - I hope you are all having a great week :D
I am really struggling today. On Sunday morning my SO got so out-of-control physically angry during a a fight that i decided to move out for good so I am living in a hotel by the airport. Lonely and expensive. I am trying to look for housing online and I am trying to keep up with a really difficult summer class for my university that I have missed the last three days of because I can't sleep so I sleep past the class and then feel so guilty that I don't do my work. I just emailed by professor to let him know the situation but I feel so ashamed for getting behind. I have not had a drop of alcohol since moving into the hotel though and I will NOT reward myself with a trip down to the bar. I am trying. I am trying. It's really nice to read everyone else's stories.
[deleted]
Triumph: Still actively seeking new friends and communicating with other drunk ladies while dealing with moving to a new state.  Doing a good job of living life on life's terms while still being proactive in the job search...Struggle:  Lots of unknowns.  Changing what I can accepting what I can't and taking it one day at a time.  I just want to know where I'll be working and living in a couple weeks!!..General:  I have the greatest sponsor in the galaxy.  Be jealous.  Seriously though the lady is wise!  She has helped me tremendously in the past month.
