-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xd9rk/i_may_never_take_a_sip_of_alcohol_but_it_has/

My father has been a violent raging alcoholic for over 35 years and has made a hobby of making my life a living hell. I never knew how much alcohol could change a person. How evil they could become. I learned how evil alcohol could be at the age of four. Growing up i learned almost all of the men in my family have been alcoholics and most of the women. This meant i had a very high chance of becoming one myself...I'm a 17 year old daughter. With bruises scars depression and anxiety. I hope with all of my being that all of you break your addiction. I hope you will stay strong for yourself and for your loved ones. I **know** you can do it.
----------immediate responses--------

That is a sweet sentiment to express.  Look out for yourself too.
Their fate is not yours regardless if you become alcoholic or not...It breaks my heart to hear the devastation alcohol has caused you. ..Stay awhile hang out maybe it will give you some hope that recovery is possible.
You shouldn't have to live your life in fear. Fortunately you will be done with school soon and you can get the heck out of there.
Seconding tr3k- I moved a few states away from my family a week before I turned eighteen and it did wonders for my peace of mind to escape that environment. Not saying everyone in a bad situation should just bail but it's hard not to recommend a solution that helped me so much. I got out got free surrounded myself with good people started seeing a therapist and now I'm finally sober too...Thanks for sharing I hope things turn out okay for you.
This is unbelievably kind and altruistic. Thank you...You've been subjected to a bunch of bullshit I'm sorry. Many alcoholics share similar stories. I know I do. And many of us moved on to drinking to mask the pain or from not learning life skills or to alleviate depression and anxiety to feel loved.. the list goes on...Do whatever your heart tells you in life. Don't sell yourself out or waste time. Therapy group therapy exercise medications if needed... take care of yourself. Make sure your needs are met...
dear hockeybe iam sorry for the way alcohol has influenced your life. just like we are trying to heal ourselves you must do the same. going to a alnon meeting might be a first step in your recovery. 
That's tremendously kind of you Hockeybe. I wish you all the love in the world. Be well.
