-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xju7s/i_want_to_be_a_good_father/

Dammit I clicked the link for a random subreddit and I end up here. So I read a bunch of your posts and realized that I need help...I took the test on the sidebar got a 26. I've known for a long time that I've been drinking too much. Went to the doctor recently (hadn't been to see a doc in about 15 years) and he asked about my alcohol consumption. I told him that I have 4-5 drinks per day. In reality it is more like 6-8. This is about par for every day for the last 10 years or so if my memory serves (which it probably does not.)..I have a good job a great wife and a lovely daughter about to turn 3. I don't want her to grow up with a drunk for a dad. But every day after work I drink a bottle of wine and a couple of beers. On weekends I usually go through a fifth on top of that...I've struggled with depression and anxiety my whole life. I think the drinking started as a self-medication effort. But when I went to see the doc he put me on Lexapro and it has changed that. I no longer have horrible thoughts 24/7. I am actually able to enjoy things from time to time. I can sleep consistently for the first time in my life without waking up regularly in a panic. But I'm left with this addiction that I thought was just a side effect...I want to stop. I want to be healthy. I love wine and beer and liquor and the way it makes me feel but the downside is kicking me in the ass every day. ..I am open to all the advice you have to give me. ..**EDIT:** Thank you everybody your advice and encouragement is exactly what I need today. The time you took to reply was definitely worth it for me. THANKS...I'm a bit scared of cold turkey withdrawal so I'm thinking I will set a goal. Kind of a downward curve leading to zero alcohol consumption. I'll be back.
----------immediate responses--------

My daughter is seven.  I was in your place a few years ago.  I felt and thought about the same things you are saying.  I continued to drink while also taking antidepressants and other pills from time to time.  I recently lost access to her over a rather dramatic incident which she witnessed and was traumatized by.   This breaks my heart and is vastly worse than the legal and financial repercussions I'm facing.  Your little girl never has to see you drunk again and is young enough she won't probably remember anything she's seen so far.  Mine knows she's not seeing daddy because he drinks too much beer and it sucks worse than I can describe.  I miss her dearly.  I can't control my drinking and I can't stop without help.  I know that now and I'm reaching out for it because I also want to be a good father but I can't stop drinking alone.  I don't know what it will take for you but I sincerely hope you don't let it get as far as I have.  
Welcome boozyspool!.It seems like you've already identified what you need to do: stop drinking. There are many ways to succeed at this and I will allow someone more experienced (and successful) the chance to talk about them. I also have an issue with depression I have since I was a very young man. I CAN say with certainty that I hate being a drunk more than being sober. If I have to choose it should be obvious. Good luck with everything and I highly recommend the chat room to talk about just about anything. Edit: chat: http://webchat.snoonet.com/?channels=%23stopdrinking I'm there now!
Hiya chum:.We exist to support people who decide to quit or control drinking.  The control drinking thing has turned out to be a bunch of BS in most cases.  In my case if I have one drink I'm history.  Same is true for just about everyone on here.  I am an alcoholic and I have no control over my drinking.  So I just refuse to play the game with alcohol at all.  ..You sound very similar to me and many other people on here.  I would recommend searching through past posts and seeing what you can pick up.  Also message the mods if you want a badge...Quitting now would be a fantastic idea before things get really bad.  We won't push AA or any other specific means of recovery on you though many of us do use AA.  We will cheer you on when you succeed and we will call bullshit if we catch you lying to yourself.*..*This may have come across as a little more confrontational or negative than I intended.  What I mean is we have a habit of sensing when other members are rationalizing their self-harming behavior and we try to point it out to them.  That's all.  ..I firmly believe that this subreddit is changing a lot of lives and has probably saved a few lives.  Glad you could make it.
The drunk parenting thing is a huge issue for many people. I have two daughters and it killed me to think it's normal that daddy's breath smells like beer. The shame of not having the energy or mental abilities to play with them or teach them or provide a good example to them. However by themselves they were not enough to keep me sober. It was only when I started to see every part of my life slowly slip away; when I accepted the fact that I would never be able to drink normally (based on more than 2 decades of trying); and became so tired of living this way that I started to make progress. I like to regularly write down the undesirable behaviors and impacts directly caused by drinking the behaviors and impacts I would like in my life and the things I have that I am grateful for to keep me focused on why I don't drink. This helps keep me focused on why I don't/cannot drink.
Hi boozyspool. Thanks for posting. I think it's great this sub caught your attention. You could have just clicked away but you decided to face facts instead and that's admirable...Quitting is a pretty simple thing to do but it's not easy and it seems damn near impossible when you're in the middle of it. I know I felt stuck to the extent that I was actually relieved to hear from a doctor that I was on the verge of killing myself if I didn't stop drinking; somehow and I can't explain why his diagnosis gave me the permission I needed to finally put it down...I'm not sure where your permission is going to come from but I think you need to start looking for your excuse to give it up. If it's your daughter that's great. If it's a near certain humiliating and pathetic death like it was for me then that'll do as well. The important thing is that you not forget why you're doing this. Eventually you'll get enough of an appreciation for yourself that you'll be your own reason to stay sober.
Welcome. Maybe this isn't such a random thing after all...I'm going to assume that if you took the time to read through a bunch of posts here and actually took the test that you may not be completely happy with the way your life is going right now with respect to booze. You may have all the trappings of a successful life the career family wife and yet still not understand why you need to drink the way you do to feel normal to celebrate to stave off boredom to deal with stress and sadness etc. You may be confused as to why you actually need to drink but other people can take it or leave it and seem to to be fine...If that's all true then the good news is there's a simple explanation - you've become alcohol dependent. Over time successively larger doses of an extremely powerful drug have altered your brain chemistry physiology and ultimately your values and way of life. I say that's good news because there is a fairly simple solution - stop drinking. ..If you're like me just over a year ago a guy with great career and family but a slowly decaying quality of life and overall happiness the idea of giving up the one thing you know works - having a bunch of drinks to make yourself feel better - for the speculative unknown of what happens when you quit probably strikes fear into your heart. I know it did for me...I'm here to tell you though that you can't imagine the sense of peace the joy the empowerment that comes from leading an authentic life one free from alcohol and its pervasive destructive influence. You'll be a better father a better husband a better employee (or manager or owner). You'll be a better friend. You'll be around to see you daughter grow up get married. You'll be there to guide here through life because you'll be really there really present in her life. In a word you'll be happy...How can I guarantee this? Because happiness is the default state of humans when bullshit is removed from their life and replaced with things of value. It's likely more than just alcohol that will be removed probably more than just healthy habits that will be added. But stopping drinking will be the foundation of it all and you can start building that foundation any time you want. Good luck and let us know how it goes!
My two-and-a-half year old is a huge factor for me. Once when she was an infant and I was "on watch" while my wife went to bed early I had "a couple beers" and fell asleep on the sofa. Daughter was harmlessly sleeping next to me when my wife got up to retrieve her. No harm done but I get nauseous thinking about what could have happened. That was the first time I tried to "quit drinking" and it lasted 3 or 4 days before I decided I could moderate again. Nope.. .You're very lucky to have had this wake-up call before it is too late. Lots of great support here.
