-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xnd3x/so_ive_been_thinking_about_relapsing/

I hit 6 months yesterday and I'm not sure what it's gotten me. I hate this and I want to drink. Any reasons why I shouldn't? Don't give me any of the usual crap (e.g. "But you've worked so hard for this!"). ..Update: I don't know if anyone is still following this but I went to AA and then NA. I feel better now. I hated going to the AA meetings and I still do. The NA meeting helped me out a lot though because they seem to be going though the same things I am. Thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholism is progressive. It only gets worse...Just because you managed to quit once that doesn't guarantee that you'll be able to do it again. It's really not that easy to do.
If you're looking for permission to drink you don't need it from me. We each have the freedom to drink or not drink. I know what would happen to me if I did. If you aren't convinced you'd have a bad outcome eventually maybe you don't have to stop. Nobody but you can make that call. ..But like socksy says there's no guarantee that you'll be able to stop again if you need to. There's no guarantee you'll survive the night if you start drinking. In this case past experience is no guarantee of future performance. 
What is it that you hate about sobriety?
It gets worse. You may never be able to get into recovery again...Are you doing things to protect your sobriety like going to meetings or hanging out with other sober people?..People diss AA but then say they get bored and complacent and go out drinking again. I have sober friends who keep me sober and we have a shit load of fun without drugs and alcohol...You don't just get sober and things work out perfectly. It requires work. You need to put yourself outside of your "safety zone" and engage in the world...Work harder. You won't stay sober if you're bored and lonely.
Notwithstanding the trite sayings drinking just won't feel as good as it used to knowing that you probably should be sober. Once we know we should do something about our drinking our heads get messed up with guilt/regret/shame/anxiety/depression the more we don't. And once the alcohol stops working like it used to we're just left with a shitty solution to a shitty problem. Staying sober is a solution to that problem that lets me sleep peacefully at night.
If you drink you'll eventually be in a far worse position than you were before.
Just think about how bad you want something that's so destructive... how many people have proven that normal drinking is gone for us.
&gt;Don't give me any of the usual crap ..Are you serious?  "The usual crap" involves giving people reasons to choose life over death.  You're not interested in hearing that?  Seriously?  Seriously?..You know this is your addict speaking right?
It's fucking awful isn't it? I have moments just like yours. I'll start thinking about using and how good it would feel. And then it's like this obsession is growing inside of me and I can physically feel it. It consumes every and I can't stop it. And the kicker is that I don't want to relapse. I don't want to use drugs. I hate it. It makes no logical sense. I'll be sitting their thinking about how good it sounds and at the same time I'm saying to myself "this is such a stupid fucking idea".  I'm glad you got to a meeting and feel better. ..Just remember cravings are only temporary and you have a choice. You can choose not to use! You never have to use again!
It gets harder to walk back into the rooms every time I've relapsed because of one of my primary character defects is PRIDE.  Also it's progressive so it's harder to recognize the unmanagebility and physically also harder to detox.  I know because I've been there more than a couple times.  Relapse does not have to be part of recovery.
