-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xr6wp/i_just_reached_a_new_low/

...so I don't know if you remember me at all...but I've been struggling with alcohol for almost a year at this point. I have a few previous posts [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/wf7u5/id_like_to_make_an_announcementive_gone_24_hours/) and [this disgusting crap](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/vlvpf/my_drinking_is_spiraling_out_of_control_and_i/). Well I'm here to say that I've made no progress since those posts. Right now I am extremely drunk. I've drank probably...13 beers in the last....3 hours or so....but this is what I'm here to say. I spilled one of my beers...and rather than just clean it up I freaked out. I started ranting and raving...before getting down on my hands and knees at which point I began to suck beer out of the carpet into my mouth. I've never done anything this fucked up before. I can't stop drinking. I can't stop and I don't know what to do. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ask for help. Reach out. You know that you know that you can't do it on your own. Don't take no for an answer. Call a friend or family member. Even if you haven't spoken to whoever it is in a while. Even if they're busy. Reach out.
Okay.  So you've hit a point where you are horrified by how low you've sunk...Are you ready to admit that you are powerless over alcohol?..Are you ready to ask for help?..*PS I do remember your previous post and I'm glad to see you back.
What's going to happen if you do nothing? This kind of thing does not get better on its own you know. Help is out there - AA rehabs detox - but you have to take that first step of seeking it out. ..Good luck I feel for you. It's hell on earth living like you describe and feeling like there is no way out.
"Alcohol will violate your standards faster than you can lower them." .- Robin Williams..So are you done? Has it stopped being any kind of fun any sort of release more like a trap than an escape? ..If so why not get help in real life? Find a doctor call a family member look up your local detox center find your AA help line anything that adds up to more than you alone trying to do this. Get real help from real life people if just coming here and posting isn't working. Most of us have to actually do things IRL to stay sober and happy but we'll be here to cheer you on all along way. Go for it.
The only thing that worked for me was AA the steps and doing everything I was told.   They call a woman like me a 'last gasper' in either the big book or the 12 and 12. ..If it helps part of my drinking history includes drinking homemade rhubarb wine consisting of fruit flies and mold.  I needed it.  period.  Like you needed the beer in the carpet.   Sad disgusting but to my mind.....makes sense.  I know a woman who puked her wine up and then drank it down.  Last Gasper.   Pretty disgusting.  I loved her...she made me feel ....NORMAL. ..I used to drink a glass of water in the mornings and then shove my finger down my throat to puke it up so that when I drank the first drink of the morning I wouldn't puke that up.  Sometimes it worked sometimes it didn't.  But I NEEDED that alchohol to hit my blood and I didn't always have enough to waste it on puking. ..You my friend are going to find people who will find that your story makes sense to them.   Waste not. Want not. ..Try AA.   A whole life waits you that will give you the sense of peace that first drink used to bring you.   ..
I alcoholicTW. I do remember you quite well. I'm glad you're back...So let's dig in to what we've got in front of us. Right now you're a drunk. Your goal is to turn yourself into a completely different person - a person who doesn't drink. That's a radical transformation and one that you'll need to make absolutely and with no reservations. The drunk needs to go. Don't think that you can half-ass it and hang on to little bits of that person here and there; he has to die now...Do you think you can do that? More importantly do you *want* to do that? You've invested a lot of time in energy in that guy and it makes sense that you might be reluctant to kill him once and for all. But until you do kill him you're not going to have room to grow...What do you think? Does the drunk go?
It's good you wrote this down. You might not remember it otherwise. ..If you want to stop drinking AA can help. [Is AA for You?](http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=12)..I hope you get help now. Otherwise the wake-up calls will only get uglier and uglier..
What state do you live in? You can call the main number for intergroup (central area offices) and they will have someone for you to talk to 24 hours a day. 
Do you want to stop drinking?
I've done bad things before and I'm tired of living in fear of what's going to happen the next time I drink. ..Fuck that shit I'm never giving it a chance to happen again. 
Welcome back I am glad you made it back here and are still fighting. That fight is good. Everyone else posting here is right about seeking help. Having others help is not weak; finding a way to kill the drunk inside you before the drunk kills you is the weakness each alcoholic has to overcome...The drunk will lie to you and tell you you don't need help; or can't afford it; or are strong enough without help. Don't believe the drunk the drunk is the enemy. You are the alcoholic you are stronger then the drunk and you will win!..I remember reading your post; you post helped me stay sober as I was able to relate to your story. It gave me perspective for my own similar stories that happened in my life. It let me know I wasn't alone. You are also not alone. We are here; there is an AA near you housing people just waiting to help you; there are detox centers and doctors and friends and family. Some of these may work for you some may not but one will work and you will make it!..So again welcome back. I hope to see more of you around.
