-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xri41/my_relapse_never_really_ended/

I reset my badge 8 days ago with the intention of getting back on the wagon but I never did. I just kept drinking. It hasn't been a particularly scary relapse I haven't done anything stupid haven't even really got drunk or had a bad hangover but I have drank 4 to 6 beers a night every night and I don't think that fits into anyone's definition of moderation. Not that I was trying to moderate I really don't know what I was trying to do I just have a huge problem keeping my focus on sobriety for long spans of time. I don't know what else to say. I'm going to give not drinking another shot I guess that's all I can do but I'm starting to wonder if I'll ever be able to put together more than 30 or 40 sober days in a row.
----------immediate responses--------

Start with today. That voice telling you that you can't get long term sobriety? That's alcohol trying to bring you down trying to get you back to the bottle..."You can't do this forever you don't have the focus"..You know how I killed that voice? I gave it what it hates: small manageable pieces of time and living in the moment. Fuck 30 days from now for all we know a zombie apocalypse could happen in a week and sobriety might not be very important. Just today my friend. 
I'm in the same situation with pretty much the same timeframe as you. Want to help keep each other honest?..(and yes i do need to get my badge reset)
I'm with VictoriaElaine on this one. The reason you can't keep focus on long spans is because the human brain isn't designed to do that. Who the fuck *can* keep focus on long spans of time? Paleontologists? Cosmologists?..Instead of trying to do that let's keep focus on short spans of time. Keep it as short as you need to. Most people do it a day at a time but leave the door open to shorten that span. Tough days might require you to focus on the next two hours or the next 10 minutes. Sometimes just for fun I'll try to focus on a single breath. Once that one's done I'll move on to the next one. Basically whatever time span it takes...If you keep your focus on what you're doing rather than what you haven't yet done you'll find yourself much more equipped to stick with it. Hit that reset button as often as you have to in order to stay in the present. Today is the only day you need to concern yourself with. There plenty of time for tomorrow tomorrow.
Welcome back.  My last relapse lasted about a whole year...And remember all the best anyone here can do is to stay sober today.  That's it.  Only worry about today.
Your spans of 30 - 40 days of sobriety is 30 - 40 days more than if you didn't try. I have failed so many time I can't even count them. But I look at each step as a small success that build up to a big success of reaching my goal. Keep at it; you can do it. People here believe in you. You are doing good and you will get stronger and do better still!
