-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/y4pf1/going_camping_for_two_nights_could_use_a_couple/

Hey thanks for reading :)..I feel bad having made so many "help me" posts but the advice here is always great and it's nice to know I'm not alone in making this change or having the struggles I might have...Anyway I'm going camping for a couple days (leave Monday return Wednesday) with a couple friends and our dogs. I already anticipated this would be difficult for me because I knew there would be drinking but it's getting more difficult as I realize this is exactly the sort of time I would allow myself to have one or two beers...I don't however want to partake in ANY drinking this year because (1) I've made a 30 day commitment and (2) I haven't yet found out if drinking can be just one or two beers every few months--and stay that way forever...I guess what I'm asking is can anyone punch me in the face with some "you're making excuses" or "that's your addict" comments? Or perhaps just a word or two of encouragement..I realize I'm probably talking in circles or contradicting myself but as you all know this sort of things messes with your head...My plan is to write down a few things I've read thus far and take any advice from this post and bring it along physically with me on my trip. My hope is that reading what you all have had to say will remind me that even if I feel pressured to drink I have a group of people standing behind my conviction (and their own) to stay straight. ...Even if that sounds cheesy........EDIT: Thanks so much for replying! I'm in quite the hurry to get out but as soon as I'm back I'll let you know how everything went. I feel much more confident now! :)..EDIT TWO: Thank you to everyone--most everything reached me before I left and I am very happy (and relieved) to say I made it through the trip without a drop:) I wrote a few key notes down and repeated them in my head when things became questionable. On the second night I told my friends my resolution (the shorthand no drinking for 30 days part) and they respected that. Actually I wasn't even offered a drink once! :)..Thank you all again so much. Without this I don't know if I would have had the determination to keep it up on this trip. You and this entire subreddit are incredible.
----------immediate responses--------

You have a bigger nummber of people behind you than you know. Over 3 million recovered alcoholics behind you ;)..I know that the reason that I personally cannot drink is because I have so many people in my life who would be let down...that is a huge motivator for me and with my drinking there is no way it would remain a secret...the world would know as I lit it on fire...Alcoholism is PROGRESSIVE you know that if you're here. One never ends up being one and every time you relapse/drink it gets harder and harder to stop. Always keep that in mind and you will be fine ;)..Do your friends you are camping with know you are sober?
Insanity is repeating the same actions and expecting different results. Let me repeat that. **Insanity is repeating the same actions and expecting different results.** You've performed these actions before. What were the results? I know that I've personally proven to myself time and time again that I can't be satisfied with just a few beers. I have to drink to try and get a new "personal best"...Your inner addict will try to justify taking that first drink in all kinds of different ways. It's a crafty bastard like that but you can't have your 10th drink if you don't take your 1st. You're just a little less than halfway there to fulfilling your personal commitment of 30 days. Why throw that away? Grab some tonic water or some root beer and stress to your friends before you leave that you aren't going to be drinking this time around...Just take it one day at a time or even one minute at a time if you have to.
Just so you know I think writing things down is a great idea. That might just be because I do the same thing and I think all my ideas are great though...As far as avoiding temptation goes just keep reminding yourself of what happens when you drink. Sure it would be great to kick back and have a couple with your buddies but that's not what you do; you get shitfaced and end up getting yourself in trouble. It would be great if I could have a nice single-malt or a good homebrew but that's not what I do either; I drink massive amounts of shitty beer until I pass out...There's no sense fantasizing about things that seldom to never happened. I'm just not the moderate and sophisticated drinker I wish I was. In all likelihood you're not the laid back 'have a couple' kind of drinker you wish you were. You can call it all kinds of names and have all kinds of problems with it if you like but what you can't do is make it not be the case...If you had an allergy to nuts you might complain about it and you might be somewhat annoyed that you can't eat pecan pie. But what you wouldn't do is eat nuts even if that pie looked really good and everyone else was eating it. You can't. Because you have an allergy. End of story...Hope the circumstances are ok to let you have some fun out in nature. You can totally swing this if you're mindful. Make sure you have some place to go or something to do if your friends get drunk and boring. Enjoy your trip.
Don't know if this will reach you before you leave but just go into it with a plan and some defenses. I've been camping a couple of times with drinkers and nondrinkers since I stopped and it's been mostly enjoyable. The hardest part for me is usually right after hiking into our site and getting the fire going which is right when we used to kick things off. What works for me is keeping busy through dinner since being full makes any cravings fade away pretty quick. Gathering firewood playing with the dogs prepping/cooking food and setting tents up can all help get through the pressure. Plus getting up early with the sun and having a nonhungover hike out is pretty great. Just be careful though: it's not like a party that you can just ditch and drive home from if things go south. For better or worse you're stuck there with the personalities and alcohol they came with and so it's all up to you to take all the steps you can to not drink if that's your goal. Good luck!
Random advice: bring some top-of-the-line hot chocolate fancy rootbeers or coconut juice. Delicious and no hang over!
If you're an alcoholic one or two beers will never cut it. If you're not - great! My suggestions for the trip: Write stuff down; whatever your concept of a higher power is use it; if you have a sponsor or even a pal in the program or just an understanding friend call them. Don't know if you're in a program. But if you have a copy of any of the literature bring it and read it. You are not unique in this and there's lots of help out there if you work it. Good luck and enjoy yourself. At 2 weeks things should start to look different to you already!
