-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yq484/how_i_look_at_the_12_steps_as_an_atheist/

This is my version of the twelve steps. Like a lot of atheists I had a difficult accepting the idea of giving god the power to take control over my problems and then praying to him or it or whatever the hell. I don't believe in god so this idea was useless. While doing the steps I decided to look at them dig deeper and figure out a plan that would work for me. Not trying to push this on anyone just trying to show you what has been working for me this time around.  Some steps are unaltered; others are changed to make me more comfortable with them. This was/is after all about my sobriety. ..Step 1:.We admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable...	*Simple enough. ..Step 2: ..Came to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity..	.*I was lucky enough to have a sponsor who asked me that this power just needs to be something you consider stronger than your own will or physical prowess. My mind immediately shot to images of atomic bombs of getting pushed around in a crowd at a concert and just having to go with it and of being one person in a species of billions in a town county state country continent hemisphere planet solar system galaxy universe. I was fucking powerless and insignificant. In the long run it was not odd that I was powerless over alcohol as well. .	.But what magic thing was going to  restore me to sanity?  Group Think it is a well known sociological concept that I began to see play out in AA meetings all of the time. Essentially I figured that if I was around a group of people with the same ideas that wanted the same things for long enough then I will want them too. It is a group conscience that I have begun to become a part of. Peer pressure? Sure but it is fucking working. Wanting to be sober and not a red-faced loser all the time sounds sane anyways. ..Step 3:..Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him..	.*It is stated in the Back to Basics book that the word God was just used out of convenience. I can understand that though I find the constant god talk is annoying I also find that many members of the AA meetings I attend don't necessarily believe in a Christian god but have created their own idea of one. That's fine I guess but turning my life over to the care of an entity that I made up seemed stupid too. So I thought about this power greater than myself and I coined it as the chaos and natural order that is the world we live in and the nature of life in general. This isn't an entity it is just something that I can work to personally control while having to accept that some things are all together out of my hands. So in the end I have to accept that making things better is up to me while shit can still go sideways and I will have to deal with it. Step three is really more about growing the fuck up than anything else. ..Step 4:.Made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves..	.*Do this. ..Step 5:.Admitted to God to ourselves and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs..	.*Also known as getting shit off your chest. It is not good to keep things bottled up that's just common sense. If you have something that makes you feel guilty and you live with it every day without admitting it to someone else it is probably going to affect you negatively pretty simple really. But you know don't run and go admit that to the world just tell somebody else. ..Steps 6 & 7:.Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character./ Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings..	.*Admit you have some faults (obviously) and work on them. Just spend some real time looking into what those faults are. This is work you are going to have to do on your own there is no god to help you and the world doesn't care. If you can't figure out what some of your faults are ask someone who knows you and will give you an opinion; hint: ask someone who doesn't like you.  The way I see this working for people who asked their god to remove their shortcomings is simple; to ask for them to be removed they had to be aware of them in the first place. Therefore once you figure out some of the ways you suck as a person you are way more likely to avoid doing things of that nature....Steps 8 & 9:.Made a list of all persons we had harmed and became willing to make amends to them all./ Made direct amends to such people wherever possible except when to do so would injure them or others..	.*Being drunk all of the time and putting the need to be drunk before other people is childish. Being childish easily leads to being an asshole. One of the big signs of growing up as a person is that when you apologize you actually mean it. So be able to admit your mistakes and make amends it is part of being an adult and the feeling of relief that comes after is fucking awesome. This is a lot like telling another person about your mistakes it s always good to get that shit off your chest. ..Step 10:.Continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it..	.*Once again it is part of growing up. Try and take a minute any time something upsets you and think clearly about whether or not it might be your fault. When you know you fucked up or screwed someone over or hurt their feelings apologize. It is simple shit. If you think it is too hard you are being too much of a coward and cowardice has always led me to hitting the bottle again. Just saying ..Step 11:.Sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with God as we understood Him praying only for knowledge of His will for us and the power to carry that out..	.*Think shit out you don't need to talk to an imaginary god because no one (should) be answering you. If they are then you have a whole other set of problems to tackle  But seriously taking twenty minutes in the morning to think about your life and the things that matter to you will only make you a more focused person. Therefore you will be more effective in your daily life. ..Step 12:.Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps we tried to carry this message to alcoholics and to practice these principles in all our affairs..	.*Spiritual awakening? More like growing as a person. But if you see someone going through a problem that you have had and know a way to help them then don't be an asshole and help them out too. Seeing their struggle will only help reaffirm you of the power that booze can have seeing it mess up another's life can be a stark reminder of how it messed up yours. ..So that is it I know there are probably some holes in the way I look at things but for me this has been working. .
----------immediate responses--------

I know this thread is a little old but this is great for someone trying to work the AA program who isn't religious or doesn't necessarily believe in God in the way the book refers to him as. I was struggling with how I was going to work all of these steps but this just made it seem all the more possible...Thank you :)
Thank you. 
Sounds good.  :)..When I got sober I prayed to *god higher power higher self spirit of the universe.*  Now I just say "god" though I mean the rest of the stuff too.
[deleted]
&gt; probably some holes in the way I look at things but for me this has been working. ..This is true for everybody that's staying sober with the 12 steps...Good for you - and I hope your interpretation of the steps into a non-religious format helps others to stay sober - and that's what it's all about...We do together what we cannot accomplish alone.
Dang I've heard mention of this "12 step program" but had no idea.  I'm impressed with your tolerance if someone tried to sell this to me I'd probably get depressed and hit the bottle ;)
Thank you for this. I know too many people who are/were turned off by AA "pushing god". I am always sad that they are denying themselves the gift of recovery that I have found. ..You said it very well. Have you worked all of the steps with your sponsor yet?..
I think you will find it interesting to read the conception behind the 12 step program and the history behind it. You may then refine your approach and develop more self confidence from abstaining from drinking in your choice.  You will have to stomach more religion but I am confident you will not let that get in the way of the message based on this excellent critique and suggestions for Atheists.  ..Stay strong.
I really wish more atheists would consider AA as an option. I have seen many who have had their lives changed by the program. Unfortunately there is almost a hatred of AA in the atheist community claiming it is some cult designed to convert you...Yes there is much talk of higher power stuff and even God. And at some meetings you may even have to say the lord's prayer or serenity prayer. Many atheists I know in AA actually like the serenity prayer once you take the "God" off of the beginning. You have to just get over yourself and realize that dealing with these things is worth it to get your life back. If you are dedicated to becoming and remaining sober it really should not be that big of an obstacle...I wouldn't say I'm atheist because I do have spirituality and believe there is something greater than us out there just given how little we know about the universe (and beyond) as well as how crazy things get on the quantum level.The human body's physiology and biochemistry still amaze me. However I don't follow any organized religion (though I do agree with bits and pieces of many: for example the moral and ethical values presented in the bible). I have no comprehension of what that higher power is which is okay with me since if there is a God there is no way the human mind would be able to fathom it. ..Now if you really don't think there is anything else out there with no reason for existence other than existence itself the steps still apply. ..You covered most things pretty well but I'd like to add/expand on some stuff...Some additional things people use as higher powers:.The program and fellowship itself. And basically the fact that such a network of addicts helping each other exists. Once you've been to AA for awhile it is incredible to see how much true care and support there is for the complete stranger considering there is no obligation for them to do that. Other people choose their personal support networks such as family friends and loved ones. Or even the universe and its (mostly) contact laws...I liked your thing about insignificance. The powerless thing can simply mean realizing that in the grand scheme of the universe neither you nor any other entity can fully control what is going to happen today tomorrow or in a year. For all we know the universe could collapse on itself in an hour. Also the fact that humans cannot control or change the laws of physics or the universe nor the goings-on at the quantum level. We are powerless to many such scientifically validated things. ..And as you said you can turn your will over to the chaos of the universe once you see your will is not all powerful. There are chemicals out there that can shatter your will and cause changes in your brain that alter the way you think perceive and act. This alone and the fact that you have succumbed to such chemicals proves that there are things at play greater than your will that you cannot control...Step 5: You can basically just remove the word "God" from it and be good to go. Be honest with yourself and tell someone like your sponsor as well because just telling a 3rd party can help a ton...Step 6: You can just replace God with yourself. Work on being a better person and the person you want to be. You also have to realize that you cannot be perfect. As long as you are trying don't beat yourself up if you fail or do something wrong. You have to learn to forgive yourself. ..Step 11 for me would just be reflection and introspection on yourself as well as general pondering on life. Thinking about what is REALLY important to you and your happiness how at attain and keep these things and not worrying about the insignificant things; knowing that they will work themselves out in the course of life and long as you focus on the truely important stuff. Also trying to lead an honest and good life and helping others in the program as those before helped you. And of course helping people and being generous in general because that shit comes back...Step 12: I think of the spiritual awakening as serenity. Having your peace back and regaining control of your mind and life. Once again being able to enjoy and notice the little things that make life special. Regaining that appreciation and ability to have joy that alcohol had robbed from you. Realizing how much better things are in sobriety and reflecting on and appreciating the things you have gained and learned from the past. ..
I know this is old (found it by searching the sub for "athiest") but this is pretty much going to save me. Thanks!
