-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yu6gt/a_statement_of_purpose_and_intent/

So first time poster but a long-time reader of stories here. At first I never posted here because I kept relapsing and I just knew I'd begin to resent myself. Now though I post here as a statement of purpose and intent so that I can hold myself accountable. Hello my name is Brantley and I am an alcoholic. I'm 22 years old and I have a problem with alcohol. It alienates me from friends family and from myself. Drunk me doesn't care about classes or the responsibilities of my life. Drunk me doesn't care about the friends I've lost or the money or the time. Drunk me is a douche. I've finally decided to commit myself to a sober lifestyle. Thanks for the time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome TheMadSmith. Great way to introduce yourself. Glad you're here...Drunk you is going to have a lot of problems with your statement you know. Even more so drunk you is going to try to stop you from following through...Where are you on quitting right now? No judgement just wondering if you have a plan in place. Now that you're motivated is the time to start seeing what this really looks like in practice.
You my friend need a plan.  Just as you need a map to get somewhere you've never been you need a plan in order to accomplish something that you have not yet accomplished. it has been my experience that getting through a month or two of not drinking can even be quite exhilarating but getting beyond that can be a challenge even though it seems easy at first. This is an example of why do you need a plan. you need a plan for example of what to do when your roommates are drinking. It sounds as though you cannot change your living arrangements so you will need to have an idea of what to do when this opportunity presents itself so frequently. I agree with other posters at finding activities or pursuing activities that you already enjoy maybe a good alternative. You may find that you have other goals which would be hindered by continue drinking and therefore will keep you from relapsing.
Congratulations and welcome - you've taken the hardest step...Post here whenever you need to whether you're struggling or celebrating.  We're all the same here in at least one way.  And please don't hesitate in PMing myself if you need...Diet coke cheers to your first 24 hours of sobriety!
