-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yw0rb/question_about_hanging_out_with_normies/

Before I tell you about my issue I'll tell you a little bit about my sobriety. I'm seven months sober I'm on my eighth step. I pray daily go to about five meetings a week and usually feel pretty good...So here's my situation: I'm in law school and decided to get sober halfway through. I made a lot of very close normie/hard drinking friends before I stopped drinking. Even though I've been pretty active in AA making friends going to meetings working the steps taking advantage of service opportunities etc. I still hang out with my old normie friends (some of them that I used to drink with) often in places where they are drinking sometimes to excess...Today I was at a meeting and a guy I know starting talking about people relapsing. In my head I put myself in their place: I imagined that nightmarish scenario. I called my sponsor. I was feeling a little geeked out and uncomfortable. She told me she was tired and that we should talk tomorrow but I said it would be best for me to talk tonight. When I told her I was feeling a little squirrelly she started yelling at me and said basically that of course I was feeling that way because I'm still hanging out with normies going to the places they go and not hanging out exclusively with people in the program. I was angry and upset but I maintained composure and didn't yell back or argue. All night since we talked I've been really thinking critically about AA. I've been having some negative thoughts about it where I had never had any before...I didn't get sober to burn bridges with old friends: I got sober to be happy and integrate into society without acting like a fuckhead every time I drink. I got sober to improve my spiritual health to fill the void  that I tried so hard to fill with alcohol. I feel like shunning those friends would create just as much of a void for me...What are your thoughts /r/stopdrinking?  
----------immediate responses--------

When I quit drinking there were people that I knew I had to stop hanging out with. It wasn't all of them but there were some friends I had that allowed their "fun" to revolve around getting drunk. If someone told me that I was only allowed to hang out with people in the program in order to hold on to my sobriety I would have a big problem with that. Just because my friends can drink normally and I can't doesn't mean that I have to stop being friends with them. I don't really hang out with them if I know they're going to be drinking heavily though. ..Are you able to hang out with your hard drinking friends without having to involve alcohol? If they can't spend time with a friend without drinking then I personally wouldn't be able to spend time with them because it really would only be a matter of time before I was joining in with them. My friends who have a drink or two while we're out to dinner don't really bother me at all. That's fine. They can drink normally. If after dinner they wanted to go out and drink some more then it would become an issue.
You have done very well!..A few personal experiences/observations:..I don't think hard-drinkers are normies - they are drunks...I don't hang-out with drunks...We are all on our own path...On my path my sobriety is my number one priority...I hope this helps...EDIT: For clarity: when I drank I was the friendliest drunk alive :)
I'd stop calling people "normies" for starters.  People are people.  Some people drink some people don't. It's not a big deal. .
I think your sponsor may have had to cut off ties with all her old friends (which is what I did).  That could be the reason for her reaction in addition to her being tired.  IMO there's absolutely no reason to hang out exclusively with people in the program...You have to do what works for you.  If you want to keep ties with these people do so.  If you find that being around them while they drink is uncomfortable leave; and maybe see if next time you can do something else.  (If they're normies they won't mind not drinking if it will help you.)  And if need be - if you think being around them may potentially cause you to relapse - take a break from seeing them for awhile.
Why yelling? And any kind of "you must" or "should" doesn't sound right to me. Agree with you: Hanging out exclusively with program folks was not the point for me either. Everyone's sobriety is different. Follow your path. For me AA was the start. Went for about 2 years. Just passed my 24th year and haven't been to a meeting in 22 years. But work steps etc everyday. YMMV.
I feel ya... I'm navigating similar waters. The program-friends-only thing weirds me out too and is not what I was looking to get out of sobriety particularly since most of my "regular" friends rarely drink to excess. So far I've found some balance in two thoughts. One that sometimes in life I will be around people who are drinking/drunk that I can't control what they do and that I can leave whenever I feel uncomfortable. And two if friends don't want to meet me on my own sober turf for non-drinking activities they're probably not people I need in my life. Don't know if that helps but trust your common sense and you'll find your own path. Just make sure to keep sobriety first!
Sometimes we're simply not in a spiritual enough place and the humanness of our environment gets to us.  I get tired quickly of hanging out with people who are drinking to excess.  It's boring and annoying for me.  I'm fine if they just have a few.  But even then I don't hang in those situations often.  That's because I'm a bit of a chameleon therefor I take on the attitudes and actions of the people I'm around eventually.  That's why I predominately hang out with sober folk or "normies" who are really good people and fully understand my affliction...In your situation I think you played the tape all the way through during that meeting felt what you felt and wanted to talk about it.  Your sponsor was tired (the T in HALT) and probably didn't respond in the best manner he/she could have.  That's when it's good to have some more phone #s of decent recovering/recovered alcoholics to call.  ..For me 8 months in was too early to be spending much time with drinking/using people.  But I was really screwed up at 19 when I sobered up.  Once I did hang out in those situations I always did so with at least 1 other person in the program.  Even last Friday there was 3 of us bowling next to a lane of drinkers who we had a good time joking and talking with.  They couldn't get it through their heads that we didn't drink and the more they drank the more they kept asking us which bars we hung out at since they enjoyed our company it was kinda funny.
I think your sponsor acted irresponsibly by losing her temper with you. Part of the job of a sponsor is to be there to talk you down when you feel at risk. She's only human who knows what kind of day she had but I don't think she was being a great sponsor at that moment...I don't agree that you should isolate yourself from anyone who drinks it would be counterproductive and also damn near impossible. Most adults in the world drink. That said I agree that it is a bad idea to be in heavy drinking situations when you are newly sober. It can trigger a relapse it can make you very uncomfortable even if you aren't tempted to drink. I don't like being around very drunk people now and tend to dislike being in bars. ..My solution is to do things with my friends. Bowling movies dinner playing pool whatever. Most of those things allow drinking for those who drink but it isn't the sole focus of the evening. As long as there is something to do besides just watch them get drunk I do a lot better...TLDR: I don't think you have to break up with your drinking friends just don't hang out in bars with them.
I would point you in the direction of the AA pamphlet [A Member's Eye View of Alcoholics Anonymous](http://aa.org/lang/en/catalog.cfm?category=4&amp;product=16). Among other things the author discusses he talks about the defensiveness and fear that some in AA feel about the "normies."..This pamphlet is my single favorite piece of AA literature ever...At any rate there is absolutely no requirement for you to let go of your old friends: not for AA membership and not for staying sober. It might be worthwhile for you to talk to some people besides your sponsor about the squirrelly feeling. It could be about any number of things that only seem to be linked to your friendship with people who aren't in AA.  ..It can be hard to realize for the first time that other people in AA aren't perfect especially a sponsor. Try not to let it drive you out of the rooms. If you've earned your seat here then you deserve to stay. AA works but none of us are perfect. 
get a new sponsor. and lose the normies bollocks. if you want pm me and i'll be your temporary internet sponsor.
I dunno about this I'm still friends with those that drink... but not really friends with those that drink hard. Those that are hard drinkers I don't consider "normal" but I don't label them as anything just heavy drinkers.. .&gt;I feel like shunning those friends would create just as much of a void for me.. .Then don't shun them but don't ponder about it so much as what you are vs what they are because people are people.. .I just can't handle alcohol like other people can. From my sober observations there's a lot of people like that they just aren't aware of it themselves because they never stayed that sober.
