-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yw44y/i_wanted_to_share_something_that_really_helped_me/

As someone who struggled for years to quit cold turkey only to relapse again and again mainly because of the severe withdrawal symptoms that come with being a heavy daily drinker for more than a decade this is an approach that worked for me...I was prescribed 20 days of diazepam twice a day. For me this allowed my body to slowly adapt to not having alcohol in my system by acting as a sort of supplement for alcohol. It made the anxiety depression nausea insomnia and general discomfort and most importantly the alcohol cravings that come from withdrawal much more manageable especially in the first 10 days which are the worst...After the first 20 days I was then prescribed a very low dose of lorazepam for use only when needed or when I felt I needed to drink. I also attended AA for 60 days in a row and found that it was extremely helpful as well. I think for me the combination of having some pharmaceutical help to deal with the withdrawal plus the support that AA provides really worked and I wanted to share this as a possible strategy for anyone else who might be struggling. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is one of the reasons we are always telling people to see a doctor! This stuff works under medical supervision.
Thanks for posting this. I wish I had been honest with my doctor before quitting; something like this would have saved me some pretty awful withdrawal symptoms. Quitting is hard enough without having to do that detox. Great job and good tip for any concerned lurkers out there.
Hell yeah.  I detoxed with valium and vistral and while withdrawals are not completely non-existent I am positive my symptoms would have been faaar worse.
There were so many times where I wish I had valiums. The fear of withdrawal is a serious fucking fear. I don't know how many times I wanted to stop but couldn't face up to the symptoms again. ..I never want to go through that again. For me it only takes a few days of drinking for withdrawal to come back again just as bad as the last time. The addiction is progressive in its nature. 
