-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yw99y/relapse_at_71_days_and_my_take_on_the_matter/

Hello..I stayed alcohol free and sober for over two months (except for one single sip to taste a beverage for those that remember but definitely sober). I'm very proud of myself and I feel very good. I drank this weekend both friday night and saturday night. I drank until drunk with a mild hangover symptoms in the mornings. I would estimate my consumption at 3-4 pints on friday and 4-5 pints on saturday - beer 5.7% alc...This was more than just an alcohol relapse too. I smoked cigarettes for the first time in three years. Fri-sat...When I drank I followed my typical behavior of once starting to drink not stopping until my stomach had discomfort I felt drunk and drinking until I went to bed. Only then drinking some water and having the water with me until the morning...I have felt the improvement in my health after not drinking for two months and I don't want to loose that now. This has already been a setback which I cannot fully understand total impact it has had on my internal organs (and whole body)...I may still face some challenges ahead. But my badge is reset for now I don't plan to continue drinking regularly and would like to continue not drinking at all...I may not be the most successful recovering alcoholic out there but I'm still very happy with what I've accomplished thus far and am very optimistic about the future. Thank you all very much for giving me an outlet to discuss my journey. My failures and my successes. I wish you all the best of luck. And have a good night / day.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't stop! Wiggle! Wiggle!..Something about a horse and getting off applies here.
My goal is to be a non-drinker to whom alcohol is not an obsession and not a big factor in life.  I want sobriety that is perfect obviously but I'm willing to go through a lot of trouble to make a path toward that...For example I'd like to be able to hang out with my old drunk friends.  I'd like to serve beer and wine and I'd even like to taste the stuff and spit it out without it having any effect on me...Basically I want this thing gone from my life as completely as possible...I slapped the bottom with my nuts pretty hard.  It's disgusting but a good strong bottom can come in handy later in life.  To me the option to drink is so dangerous that the choice is now taken out of my hands entirely.  This makes me feel so utterly secure in sobriety.  I'm safer because of how bad it got...I don't know what to tell you.  I spent some time reading and writing about the problem I had.  When I realized I was blowing my brains out and was unable to manage the problem the whole thought of ever drinking again went out the window.  Now it's a matter of cleaning up the past and working toward a better life.
Journey is right! I was at 40 and some days earlier this year and slipped now I am back on the road with the last slip ups lessons learned. Let it teach you and move on in your journey.
Sorry to hear about the slip but good work on the two months. You know how to live sober so recommit to getting back in the horse. When you feel ok about it maybe try to identify some of the things that led to you drinking again. Bad feelings? Upset about people? Bored? Pressured? Doing a "post-mortem" on my relapses really helped me to prevent them from occurring again at least so far. Just don't drink today and you'll be ok.
[deleted]
Don't beat yourself up; you had two months that you wouldn't have otherwise!  The real danger lies ahead.  Don't use this as an excuse to drink again because you only have a couple of days on your new badge.  Remember why you decided to stop in the first place.
[deleted]
