-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/yyl8q/30_days_today_longest_ive_been_sober_since_1995/

Hello. Today is 30 days for me and like the title says it's the longest I've been without a drink since 1995...This month was challenging. Not only for the WD symptoms (no sleep irritability night sweats sugar cravings hungry ALL the time feeling SO TIRED all the time breaking out like a teenager crippling depression...) This month I:..1. lost my job.2. lost my 3+year relationship.3. lost many "friends" due to not going out and drinking (goes really well with depression) ..So here I am still sober after all of this. It is solely because of this subreddit. Seriously I got on this site and cried out for help EVERY TIME I needed it and people--strangers-- were there for me telling me to hold on that it will get better made me laugh comforted me didn't judge me no matter how "needy" I seemed to be which is more than  I can say for my IRL "friends". ..I am still new to sobriety. It is still very difficult. I still have cravings I still am tired depressed etc. But something really cool is beginning--JUST beginning to happen. The lows are not as lasting as they used to be. I find that I am not running away from my sadness my heartache my problems but beginning to deal with them head-on thus making them far less powerful than they used to be. ..So thank you to everyone on here. I read every post if I can. I still don't think I am in any position to give good advice just yet other than if I can do it truly anyone can. I drank every single day and integrated booze into EVERYTHING I did. Everything reminded me of drinking (even exercise I'm sad to say) and I got through it. I'm getting through it. Thank you to everyone here most especially the "regulars" in the chat room. Without you guys I most definitely would still be an active drunk. ..Just wanted to post my gratitude and hope someone else who is struggling takes full advantage of the amazing people in here. .THANK YOU!
----------immediate responses--------

can anyone see this post? (I don't see it anywhere on here)
Congratulations!  I can relate on so many levels.  I'm glad you're here and I'm looking forward to seeing you post on your 60 day anniversary!
&gt;I still don't think I am in any position to give good advice just yet other than if I can do it truly anyone can...Are you kidding me?  That's the best kind of advice...Everyone here whether they're on day 0 or day 5000  is qualified to give advice. All we do is share our stories. We share what worked for us and what didn't work for us. Sharing even just a few sentences about ourselves helps us and it helps others.  As long as you're breathing you're qualified...I'm glad you're here.
Did you go to a detox center or rehab type of thing or just cold turkey on your own?
Congratulations on your thirty days! You never ever have to do it again if you don't want to.
This is a major triumph.  I feel very happy right now.  :)
CONGRATS!!! So encouraging to hear. You have gone through some life changes and yet you held firm to your resolve. That is so awesome!
oh and by the way the book -Allen Carr's "Easy Way to Control Alcohol" was/is a huge factor for me with just NOT drinking. I saw the recommendation by the mods on the right hand side and it is definitely worth a read. Very helpful to me!
Congratulations!  And even if you don't know it your post could be inspiring someone who's just starting out.
I've had all those symptoms too. I wonder what the deal with breaking out is?
Man that's a lot to deal with in one month. You are a strong person.
Good job!
Thanks so much for sharing this soundanista. As an objective outsider I can tell you that what you've written above is the words of a wise person. ..1995 is about when I got rolling too if memory serves me which it probably doesn't...Congratulations. It gets even better. We love you.
I'm really proud of you Soundanista! Hearing about your success makes me so incredibly happy for you! Keep up the great work!
