-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/z3r07/im_sure_this_is_old_hat_to_everyone_but_i_need/

Hey everyone! So I just had my 30-day the other day and yay for me blah blah blah whatever. I'm REALLY struggling this week about how "worth it" this all is. I just want to drink. I just want to feel good--hell I'll take "just ok". Other than very fleeting bouts of "hey this is ok and I can do this" this crippling depression is well...crippling. I can't seem to do anything and I don't even WANT to --other than drink because if I can't enjoy anything then I may as well enjoy drinking before I die...AHHHHHHHH--this sucks! I'm guessing there is not really anything I can do about any of this. I guess I'm just really tired of fighting--for what? I'm fucking miserable. I'm tired of trying to fake this happiness until it "sticks" it's not sticking. I still appreciate all of the great people on here and the support that  I DID get-- I guess this is one more "hail mary". I hate this level of desperation. :(
----------immediate responses--------

hahaha--this probably went into the "spam" filter again--so appropriate for the way I feel now. 
On the one hand I want to say "There IS something you can do - wait it out."  Because 32 days is great and all but the good stuff hasn't started happening yet.  It takes a couple months for you to feel "normal."  Cycling between euphoria &amp; depression is still common at 32 days.  Give it time things will get better...But on the other hand part of me is thinking "It's not as simple as waiting you have to be active."  Get out &amp; exercise.  Start new hobbies.  Learn something. If you haven't started doing any intra-personal type work like learning to let go of regret do that.  It's important...So many people relapse around the 30-40 day mark. SO. FREAKING. MANY. I think you're finding out why. In other words *it's not just you*.  This is a normal part of the process.  Push through this.  You're almost there.
I went to the doctor and took an anti-depressant and an anti-psychotic after feeling depressed for about 4 months after quiting.  I note that I felt depressed for at least 2-3 years prior to this though so it's not like the depression was solely brought on by quitting just an overall shitty lifestyle.
It's your wet brain your soggy brain. The addict in you has been starving because you've been denying it just what it needs. ..And now it's hurting more than ever. You've weakened it so badly and it hurts right now. It's thirsty. ..But it's ugly that addict is. It's like the ugliest version of you and as if that weren't bad enough it also wants you dead. It's scared of you. ..Or something like that. Look it's been over a month. Getting drunk again is the last thing you should be doing. Especially if you suffer from depression which is quite the fucking roadblock. But it's a roadblock that you want to get around while clear-headed. Present and sober. ..But let's just say that you free your inner addict from its chains just for one night. You let it loose to wreak the havoc that it wreaks so efficiently. You get wasted. ..Do you really honestly in your secret heart think that you'll wake up in the condition that alcoholics regularly wake up in and think *I am so glad that I did that?* ..Go on and ask yourself. ..Go on. 
I think OTR has said all the good advice so I'll just send you a long-distance hug...Don't forget the IRC channel too - great when you need to send out a quick "help!"
You can change the way you feel and think about things.  In AA it's step 4.  It's cognitive behavioral therapy.  It's having feelings about your feelings get meta.  You can start to alter your thought patterns and behavior patterns until the whole mental health thing jumpstarts and takes off on its own...When I didn't know how to cope I drank and got over it.  When I didn't know how to have fun I drank and had a good time.  When my anxiety got to be too much I drank and relaxed.  Eventually I lost what little life skills I had to begin with and came to rely on alcohol for everything...Work on what it is that makes you want to drink.  Work the cure not the disease.
At about 30 days I was having all kinds of crazy feelings and wanted to drink. It was pointed out to me that just having feelings was something that I hadn't experienced while drinking. I drank to avoid the feelings because I did not know how to live with them. By working the 12 steps with my sponsor I learned a lot about that. Today I don't like all the feelings I have but I can have them and be curious about them and live with them and learn from them and not drink to smother them. I am grateful for even the painful feelings...I would guess that you have issues with AA given your Allen Carr comments but I find that there are enough people in AA who have issues with AA that it still works for me. ..Try sponsorship? Just a suggestion. It works for me. 
