-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/z50ek/90_days_some_realizations_about_moderation_in_my/

Three months ago I woke up hungover again after telling myself I would only have "a drink or two" for about the billionth time. I'd been struggling to control my drinking for more than 10 years. I was *miserable* and felt like a failure...I realized that some people can drink moderately some people can't and that I belonged in that 2nd category. I decided to stop trying to be something I'm not. It felt like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders... I quit drinking and have only rarely had a craving for it since I just don't think of myself as a drinker anymore. It feels great. ..A couple days ago I had another realization - it wasn't just alcohol that I had trouble moderating. It was everything:..- I didn't just play a video game for an hour - I would play all day if I didn't have to stop. .- I couldn't just read one chapter of a book - I'd read the whole thing in one sitting. .- I didn't smoke (back when I used to) I chain-smoked. .- I didn't eat until I was full - I ate until my plate was empty regardless. Or I starved myself...So in the last 90 days I've learned that I have a lot more to learn! And that's ok. *I'm proud of the last 90 days even though I have a lot more to work on.* For now I'm trying to tackle one personal challenge at a time. Started exercising 60 days ago and it's changed my confidence drastically. Wouldn't have happened if I was still drinking...I've come here every day for the last 3 months. Thanks everyone at /r/stopdrinking for sharing your stories setbacks and successes - they've made an impact on my life. I wish you all a safe and happy weekend!
----------immediate responses--------

way to go!!!! Proud of you!
The "all-or-nothing" impulse among alcoholics is something that it took me months to realize. Even today I pound club soda at a rate that freaks out normal drinkers. ..I've also learned that my impatience is a mark of an alcoholic as well; we want what we want now and can't really delay gratification. So I start things don't get an immediate reward then drop them for something I think might reward me more quickly. ..Final one: my ability to be personally offended by things that have absolutely nothing to do with me. Self-centeredness is never attractive but never so ridiculous as when I start to think the whole universe has it in for me...None of these are fun to realize but now that I know about them I think I do a better job than I used to of sidestepping them. I'm not ever going to be rid of these habits I think so all I can hope is that I can be mindful of them and hopefully nip them before I act on them. Sometimes that's all you can do.
I'm addicted to a lot of things: Video games cigarettes food sleeping coffee general laziness(that could be my new nickname) procrastination etc.
I agree on everything you say!..If i have a pint of anything in my hand be it beer or water I want to finish it as soon as possible before I change focus to the next "mission"...I always finish my meals before the company is even half trough theirs...If I have a bottle of bubble gums on my desk I add one every fifth minute (just cant stand letting the taste fade) without even thinking about until sitting there with a large ass bubble gum blob the size of a golf ball in my mouth.
