-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/z7wum/impending_doom_if_i_relapse_again/

Since I met my fianc  I have cut back from an insane ~100 drinks a week (the vast majority of them consumed alone) to <20 drinks a week... which wouldn't be too bad a problem if I wasn't day drinking them all at once so that she comes home from work to find me black-out drunk...We just moved to Toronto and I don't have a job yet so it might have something to do with me having too much time on my hands... but it has been a problem for a while...I have made a few half assed attempts at treatment... groups psychiatric assessment read "controlling your addiction" by Miller ordered Carr SMART stuff AA meetings (despite my irreligion but that "Days of Wine and Roses" flick was pretty good).  It is always the same: super dedicated for nearly a week then BAM reward myself with a little binge.  The longest I have stayed sober was 2 weeks but that was mostly because I had constant adult supervision... I wasn't even doing much of the treatment stuff...The week of supervision was my mother-in-law a sweet woman who came to stay with us and help shop for wedding dresses.  I stayed sober for one day after she left then binged the ring came off and I have been given my month's notice. The last straw I guess I had been warned she wouldn't put up with this any longer.  It has been days and she is still not talking to me... I can't really blame her I swore every time I was going to quit for real and never did.  That makes me a liar even if I was earnest at the time...So I am fucked.  My best friend and love of my life fucking hates me. No job and fuck-all savings in a foreign city were I know like 3 other people. We had a lot of fun plans for the long weekend (also my birthday) and I have barely even gotten off the couch.  MAYBE if I can stay sober for the rest of the month she might reconsider... she hasn't said as much. maybe it is too little too late...I must stay sober or my life is ruined
----------immediate responses--------

yes. I don't have much advice to offer because I've now only been sober for 1 day but I would like to share something with you...My dad died 3 years ago when I was 18 due to an accidental overdose but he was an addict an alcoholic who relapsed after 15 years sober and in a matter of 6 short years he was dead. the saddest thing for me prior to the death was when my mom finally separated from him and made him move out of our family home. he would call every day drunk or high or rarely sober but sometimes and cry and say he lost the most important people in his life. and would ask for us to let him come home. and we would have to say no. it killed me. I had to say no to the person I would have done anything for to be happy in this world. and then he died one night and I sometimes blame myself for not being able to help  for "leaving" him alone. ..stay strong for the ones you love please and for yourself.
Oh boy. For what it's worth my advice is that you need to find **your** reasons for being sober. I've tried doing it for someone else and while I didn't do too badly it was a constant struggle not to get drunk and I screwed up too many times. (That relationship is now ended although I wouldn't say booze was a *major* issue in the breakup.)..If you're stuck for ideas think about this:.&gt;reward myself with a little binge..What is the reward? What alternative rewards might interest you?..It strikes me that you're setting yourself up for a bender (*my fianc e dumped me and I'm all alone with no job*) that could last for *years*. Is that where you want to go with your life?
180 meetings in the next 90 days...I know I know fuckin' AA. But you don't have to sign up say anything read anything buy anything go do anything further. Just go sit and listen. Odds are you'll hear your story within the first week hopefully told by someone who is doing great...Good luck. 
Your life is in ruins already. Staying sober is fucking painful at first. I had to look at my path of destruction. But I didn't go there alone. My brain was a minefield a ghetto and I needed a guide to go through it...I wouldn't have stayed sober trying to do it by myself. You're in quite the pickle...Are you willing to do anything and everything to get sober?
If you want to stay sober for someone else it won't happen. I know because I've tried it. Find a higher power and do it because YOU want it not because someone else wants it.
&gt;I must stay sober or my life is ruined...This is true but not for the reason you're panicked about. Forget about your fiancee for a second. Forget about money friends a home. Because none of those is going to matter when you die of this disease. Unless something changes quick that's your next stop...Just so you know it's not a particularly cool death. I thought it might be but once I started heading down the path I saw that it was going to be slow pathetic and shameful...Just like you I quit in a panic. In my case it was because it became abundantly clear exactly how I was going to die. My panic got me into the doors of AA and the things I learned there have kept me. If your panic gets you somewhere good but don't expect that quitting for someone other that yourself is ever going to stick. You need to see the reasons for yourself to quit. They're there and you're important enough to consider in this deal. Now you need to put your own health and life ahead of everything else. It's that important and so are you.
Lots of AA meetings in TO.  Good chance to connect with other people who understand--then you'll know more than 3 people and the city won't feel so "foreign."  I found that hitting a noon meeting when I was unemployed and depressed helped me to structure my day.  Peace.
[deleted]
