-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/zc26d/cunning_baffling_and_powerful_stinkin_thinkin_at/

I had a rough weekend.  My girlfriend was all over me late last week in a very bad way and we've been having a rough time.  I put her through hell when I was drinking (verbal/mental abuse) and the damage has not been forgotten.  We'll have fights regarding something I've done a month or even six months in the past.  The past is not staying put.. .At any rate these fights and the feeling of disconnect with her triggered a series of thoughts.  *"Maybe I'm not an alcoholic?  The only reason I was drinking at work was because she wouldn't let me drink at home.  I was managing my drinking for a long time before I even met her."* . .I wallowed in my self-pity and did not call my sponsor for three days.  I went to only one meeting on Saturday and didn't go to any meetings on Sunday. Typically I go to at least two meetings per day.  . .I fantasized about getting a new apartment and even shopped some places online.  I told myself that I would continue to go to AA if I got this new apartment but I *knew* that I was lying to myself.  .  .This is the cunning nature of this disease.  If I let my guard down the same destructive old habits will resurface.  My brain doesn't care that I have 35 days without a drink.  It's been chemically programmed to want the alcohol and it's going to rationalize and do whatever it can to put me in the best position possible to keep the addiction alive and thriving.. .I revisited what my sponsor had me write down for my first step and I also reread my [intro post ](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/xu2us/i_stood_in_the_closet_unzipped_my_fly_grabbed_my/).  Doing so helped me remember my true nature.  .  .Yesterday the office and the streets were empty (Labor Day in the U.S.) but both of the AA meetings that I attended were full.  It was good to see the same familiar faces (and many new ones) and it was good to know that they're going through the same struggle I am.  Many of them have over 20 years of sobriety but it doesn't mean they don't struggle.  One only has to let his guard down -- if only for a brief moment -- to return to that old lifestyle.  Picking up that first drink will unleash a waterfall of misery.  How long will the next drunk last?  Days weeks months years?  Until death?  I've had far too many second chances to bet against the house again.  If one gambles long enough the house always wins.  The odds are in its favor..  .Last night I had a long talk with my girlfriend and we made a lot of progress.  We're not the shining example of a loving couple but we're doing better now than we were a month ago.  We've got some ways to go and time will tell if we can make it work.  . .In the meantime I made it through a holiday weekend; my first in countless years.  I'm sober today and grateful for another day without drinking.  One day at a time fellas.  . .Thanks for listening..
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing progress. This is totally normal by the way. I go through periods of self-pity and not attending meetings. We're ok!
wow i admire your strength and resolve not to pick that first drink up. i think the holiday weekends fuck with me because partly it throws off my routine. i went to my usual meeting last night and was relieved to get back in my usual schedule. also having company added to the stress of the weekend. i hope you and your girlfriend continue to make progress
This is really great. Even in the midst of trouble you're still seeing promise. That's damn admirable. Your honesty is impressive. Really good job putting this down for us. I like it.
Good job!!! Keep it up! and be nice to your girl!:)
I want to echo what VE said - this sounds very normal to me. The important thing is not drinking first and foremost. It isn't going to be graceful or easy for a while and even then probably only in spurts. But it's absolutely worth it. If you earned your seat in AA then do what you gotta do to keep it. ..Thanks for sharing what you did. And give yourself some credit for thinking clearly about the situation and for making it through the weekend.
Way to go on the holiday weekend! I'm going through my year of "sober firsts" also and the holidays are definitely starting to get easier to deal with sober if that's any consolation...Like others have said don't stress yourself over getting out of whack for a day or two. It happens to everyone. The important thing is to realize it give it some space and get back to where you were when you can. But don't drink no matter what! Self-pity passes and a month later you will be so glad you made it through without drinking. And then you'll be one more month closer towards that great new apartment whenever that's right for you...Keep it up you're doing great!
