-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/zqg8w/relapsed_a_month_ago_need_help/

Hey everyone its nice to see this subreddit again. I relapsed at the start of august after ~5 months of sobriety. I felt a relapse coming on and I couldn't shake it and then I just drank. I was able to do it moderately and only with meals when i first started drinking again but then the last two weekends have gotten ridiculous. It all culminated in me drinking all day on sunday (beer and wine) until I blacked out. Somehow I was still able to cook dinner for my wife and I brush my teeth start the dishwasher etc etc while I was blacked out..I woke up in the morning and felt like I was still drunk so I took out my breathalizer and I blew a 0.029. Immedietely I started feeling horrible shame and anxiety enough to make me cry. When I went to school the shame and anxiety was eating me up so much it warped into a full scale panic attack and I thought I was going to pass out. I've had a history of panic attacks but nothing in 6 years. When I went home I had access to some xanax (which I havent taken in several years) and that killed the anxiety attack and I had a nap made dinner for my wife then went to sleep...Today I'm feeling fine anxiety wise but I have this horrible sense of depression about myself and my situation. My wife simply DOESN'T UNDERSTAND alcoholism and keeps thinking that if we invent new "rules" like no hard alcohol dont drink before 4pm etc etc it will stop me from going overboard and blacking out. She can drink moderately and desperately doesn't want me to stop because she thinks it will ruin our social life. My experience from being sober 5 months is it did indeed ruin our social life. I tried to make it as fun as possible without alcohol but to be honest I just couldn't figure out how to do it. Her idea of fun is going out and wining and dining and she can stop when she needs to..We don't have kids yet and I can see it being a lot easier to subscribe to the sober lifestyle when we do have kids and can't go out all the time though so I'm kind of looking forward to that...In any event I have no idea what I should do now. I'm truly at a loss. I know I need to stop drinking but if i do I'm worried that its going to damage my marriage and my relationship with my wife.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;My experience from being sober 5 months is it did indeed ruin our social life...Your wife needs to understand that your sobriety has to come before everything just like the quote says in the sidebar.  Alcoholics cannot moderate.  If she's bummed that your social life is "ruined" then imagine how she's going to feel when your entire life is ruined...Your social life hasn't been ruined by the way.  It's just going to take some time to change patterns.  Meanwhile it's best to lay low and take things slow and I might suggest that she start attending Al-Anon meetings.  Her support and understand is going to be key for your marriage.
Hi there finally_bored. Welcome back. Glad to hear you're in one piece...The situation with your wife seems difficult but I don't see it as a long term threat. There are instances where relationships break up over matters of sobriety but those tend to be ones that were held together by drinking to begin with...Your wife not getting alcoholism has got to be tremendously frustrating. If you could get her to sit down and read a couple of things it might be helpful. The Big Book describes alcoholics in a pretty straight forward manner. You don't have to believe in their program to recognize their description of the alcoholic. You can find the book online [here](http://www.aa.org/bbonline/). The part I'm referring starts at the middle of page 20 and goes on to about 25...I hope you'll continue to post.  We're always here to talk and listen. Please do the same and be well.
Have her read this...http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/en_bigbook_chapt8.pdf..Wouldn't hurt you to read this..http://www.aa.org/bigbookonline/..and this..http://www.aa.org/1212/..
