-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/4le9eb/finally_got_a_sponsor/

Got out of 30-day rehab in January. Did my 90-in-90 but never got a sponsor. Relapsed recently and called a guy I met at a meeting my first day out of rehab and asked him to be my sponsor. He's got a solid 10+ years of sobriety and got genuinely teary-eyed when explaining to me what the 12 steps have done for him. I'm a little terrified about sponsorship since I'm not a "feelings" person especially with other men but I'm also a little excited about this next chapter in my quest for sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your decision to get a sponsor.  Being a little terrified is normal natural and shows that you are doing it right.  If you want results that you have never had before you are going to need to do things you have never done before...Sponsorship is an amazing journey.  On both ends.  I have been a sponsee and actually followed the suggestions given to me (Yeah crazy isn't it?) and the results were far beyond what I expected.  I have sponsored people in recovery and again the results of doing so were far beyond my expectations.  And I have been in recovery long enough to completely blow off the suggestions made to me by my sponsor make myself completely miserable without ever picking up a drink and survived to tell the tale...So don't worry about those 'feelings' as they will come of their own accord and learning to live love and form true bonds of fellowship with others will have undreamed-of rewards for you not the least of which will be sobriety...This might be more than a chapter it might be the whole book.
Bravo! Working the steps had a profound positive impact on my life. The purpose of a sponsor is to guide you through the steps not be a therapist so you only have to share what you are comfortable with. Take it one step one day at a time. 
Your relationship with your sponsor will change and grow over time too.  At first it should feel odd to share and trust someone you really don't know.  For me it was hard to even say if what I had was a friendship or what I thought of ad a mentor.  Being guided through the steps is a unique journey though one unlike anything I had ever experienced or been challenged by before.  I always remember what my sponsor told me: all the work is worth it because we ARE worth it.  
I think one of the strengths of the AA steps is that they are a program of action. It makes you deal with some skeletons in the closet to be sure. But it is primarily a set of things to do. They were designed by and for primarily socially awkward people to start learning to be fully functional humans. The point I am awkwardly trying to make is that it is perfect for someone who isn't a feelings person...Good luck and be well.
Way to go!  You are well on your way.
Here's a good workshop on sponsorship if anyone is interested...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqsUKWkScpA
