-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/5zx3cd/is_aa_or_na_right_for_me/

Struggling with cocaine opiate and alcohol abuse. 
----------immediate responses--------

The only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking.  The same goes for NA.  Desire is the key word.  If you are on the fence about anything I would suggest finding "Open" meetings to try out in which all are welcome.  I have attended AA NA and Al-Anon.  I personally get the most out of AA of which I am very active and alcohol always seemed to lead into my drug use.  There are also groups for your specific drugs of choice.  There is always someone willing to listen.  The most important thing to remember is that you are never completely alone.
every group is different :) NA tends to have a bit of a younger demographic and a more rock n roll edge to it if you like that- it might be your thing. AA swings older though young peoples meetings are plentiful and I find older people don't always have the same experiences of multiple-addictions. It doesn't matter though- the feelings are what stick out in the stories and I've had women without any drug use experience approach me for when they want a speaker who does- so wherever you choose you'll find a supportive community and social network which makes sobriety a little less lonely...When I share at an AA meeting I tend to focus on alcohol but for me my addictions exist with each other and I work the steps for all of them. 
I attend both - usually depending on my mood...Alcohol was never my DOC so I usually prefer NA meetings but I will attend AA and while there just stick to my issues with alcohol.  I like that at NA they consider alcohol a drug so it's basically just another DOC...AA tends towards and older crowd also they liberally use the word God in the 12-steps and traditions.  There is typically the serenity prayer and the lords prayer.  There are usually lots of people with lots of sober time hanging around...NA tends toward a younger crowd there isn't as many "long timers" in the rooms.  They use the word "higher power" instead of God.  Not as many prayers.  There does seem to be a lot of in and out in NA people die in the community more often and that can be emotionally wearing...I say go to as many different meetings as possible and look for the best fit.
Yeah sure. Everyone in AA generally has a drug in their story too. I use AA because the meetings work more for me than the NA ones in my area.
Thanks everyone!
Wherever you feel more connected.  If you are in a big city you will have more options. I was in a town of 8k people so it was pretty much only AA. 
Only you can decide that. I went to every meeting in my city. It took about 6 months to get round them all until I decided. Then I settled on ONE home group and quit playing musical fellowships...
It depends on the area.  In some places AA or at least some of the people most active in it are adamant about stating your story in terms of alcohol.  You will hear people substitute the word alcohol in place of their DOC out of respect for tradition.  Where I am there arent really such people so I know plenty of people with every other kind of DOC but alcohol.  Really it depends on you though.  Are you comfortable sharing your experience? Do you expect others to have jad comparable drug experiences for their experiences to hold weight for you?  The worst you could do is not try.  
bear in mind some AA meetings are really strict about only talking about drinking.  while at other meetings half the people will identify as alcoholic/addict.  ..when you go to AA.  I find out what type of group it is.  Then share/identify appropriately.  remember group unity is paramount.  so many people get caught up in this issues.  they want to make all groups be one way...If you just let each group be how it is then you can save yourself tons of misery. 
