-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/6ux6e9/why_isnt_there_an_emphasis_on_exercise_in_the/

Why isn't there more talk about the benefits of exercise in AA?  It's been proven that exercise  helps with substance abuse and reduces he risk of Relapse.  Exercise release endorphins which helps manage stress.  In Bill's story in the big book he said exercise helped him in his stay in a treatment center...When I go to meetings I see people drinking coffee and smoking cigars and cigarettes and eating cookies.  Frankly there are a lot of fat people in AA meetings (I'm not saying this to be an asshole)...Instead of telling people to go to a meeting everyday or go to 90 meetings and 90 days why don't we tell people to walk or run or lift weights?  Exercise has tremendous benefits.  ..An old timer told me to do 20/20/20 every morning.  He said wake up an hour earlier to read for 20 minutes pray/meditate for 20 minutes and walk or run for 20 minutes.  That way you are treating the physical mental and spiritual disease of alcoholism everyday.  ..But exercise is rarely talked about and people don't seem open to it and they will keep smoking drinking coffee eating cookies  and reman fat .
----------immediate responses--------

The AA program is about living one day at a time without alcohol. AA has no opinion on outside issues. There are a lot of things that people can do to improve their health. It is up to each individual to choose what they do with their life. 
Find the right sponsor.  There are people in the program who have had a psychic change as a result of working the steps.  The problem with the program is you don't have to work that hard at it to stay sober you do have to work hard at it to gain the psychic change.  ..The first 10 steps really just get you ready for the 11th and that's where the magic is.  The "holy trinity" isn't father son and holy ghost it's mind spirit body.  It took me a while to find the path and find the truth.  You won't get it from the fat guy (or girl) who has 20 years and still goes to 7 meetings a week.  Usually the person who shows up occasionally and doesn't volunteer to provide answers is the one with the answers...I stopped trying to change AA.  They seem happy to go to meetings and aren't all that interested in being "responsible members of society."  I show up occasionally to provide something to those people who are ready and want more.  There are those folks near you too but you have to look for them...As a way to find them offer up the topics you've mentioned.  Ask for guidance. Make it a tag meeting so you don't have "unfit" people changing the topic on you.
Not buying that "your physical health is an outside issue."  How in the world is the "AA name" going to be dragged into "public controversy" because a member or members aren't taking care of their physical well being? Here's another elephant in the room.  I would argue you can't smoke and love yourself.  Thus you really achieve your spiritual potential if you are actively engaged in self loathing or addictive behavior.  Food and cigarettes are crutches.
My sponsor and another old timer friend is huge on exercise. He says that by exercising its facilitating a chemical change in the brain. An acronym I've heard is take your MEDS Meetings Exercise Diet Steps.
lol
Going to 90 meetings in 90 days will be much more helpful than not going to enough meetings an exercising. People counting days really just need to focus on staying sober one day at a time...Getting a basic amount of exercise is a requirement for overall health as is eating a good diet getting enough sleep and brushing your teeth. But the primary focus of AA is to help people achieve sobriety. A fat sedentary two-pack-a day smoker who is sober is a lot better than a fit drunk.
Depends who's talking and who's listening I suppose. A fit person can certainly speak about the importance of regular exercise and a healthy diet to their recovery. It might even be inspirational to some listeners who are concerned about their weight and arterial health and have been just waiting for the subject to be discussed in detail in their AA meetings. Others attending the meeting may not have eaten regularly enough when drinking to get fat and have different pressing issues that are of more immediate interest to them. ..If I was fat I might take offense at a slim person speaking on the importance of keeping his/her weight down and consider it bragging or that they were being critical of fat people or that they were wildly off-topic. I might even wonder if I'd stepped into an OA meeting instead of AA...Since I've never not been fit I'd turn the fitness guru off and consider the minutes of the meeting they spoke on that subject a waste of my time...If working out helps your recovery it's perfectly fine to state the benefits you've realized. If people want to know more they'll ask.
Prayer and meditation - for me exercise is half of step 11..But in the early days I'd meditate with a cigarette...I was advised to take care of the alligator closest the boat first when I first started coming to AA. Which was do anything to keep away from that first drink. After 2 years of sobriety I quit smoking and put on 100lbs over the next 2 years. Then I lost all the weight...Incidentally I've never seen anything in any of the AA literature to go to 90 meetings in 90 days. I think that's something Judges do isn't it? I do remember thought there is a whole chapter in the book "Living Sober" on getting active including exercise...We buried a friend of mine last month. He had been 18 years sober until he started drinking again in January. After 6 months on a diet of just Vodka and potato chips he died of a heart attack about 100lbs under weight. I think I'd rather be fat than dead like that.
Over time I have heard that yoga meditation running and the list goes on forever . . . are essential to folks in their recovery.  For example now I bike anywhere from 50 - 70 miles per week...But for me here is the key.  I vividly recall laying in a detox bed in 1984 and only wanting to be able to function in today's society - to hold a job have relationships and whatever.  I learned right off that staying sober was the number one priority.  I remember playing volleyball at the detox center sober and thinking how much fun it was.  I bowled for my first year of sobriety on a bowling league.  But the key was staying sober...The longer I stayed sober the more interested I became in other aspects of my life.  Like going to school.  After one year I went back to college with my pre sobriety 0.7 GPA ultimately graduated with a PhD and a successful career from which I recently retired...After about 10 years of sobriety I quit smoking through a 12-Step program and in the past 10 years have begun dealing with my compulsive overeating again through the 12-Steps.   ..Over the years I wondered if the detox center had not allowed smoking and all of that sugar perhaps I would have dealt with those issues earlier. Today I really don't worry about those issues.  ..I do firmly hold the AA suggestion of not making major decisions in the first year and just let the sobriety take hold in your life.  After that first year and regularly thereafter consider all of the other aspects of your life - whether cigarettes food exercise relationships education or so many other things that we can now make choices around.  In my sobriety I have found a wide range of other ways to walk down the recovery road through biking meditation friends and the list goes on and on.  But what I first needed to do was get sober. I believe if one does that and sticks with the winners find someone who seems to have the kind of life they want in recovery and ask them how they do it all other things will fall into place.  For me sobriety has been a 33 year adventure for which I am forever grateful to AA and the 12-Steps for launching me on.
We focus on working a program of recovery. I put my recovery first because without my recovery I would not have anything let alone the time motivation or drive to work out.
Awesome post OP I will do this tomorrow 
