-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/6wdmfq/101_days_and/

Struggling day today.  Feel like I'm counting the days too hard.  Trouble being grateful.  I'd built this weekly routine that has worked great for 3 months and now life is starting to impose it's will on me and it's fucking pissing me off.  Work  bills family.  Sponsor says to focus on things i can change and my feelings will catch up but I'm having trouble identifying a single thing i can change.  Trouble with being powerless.  I sleep as much as possible because i don't want to be awake.  Still getting to a meeting every day but the last 4 i haven't been able to speak (format  not entirely for lack of trying) so i just need to vent. have to work in 15 minutes and i think it will help having a reply ding in here every now and then.  Just talked to sponsor and he helped me remember "I can't CHANGE how I'm feeling." I'll be praying thanks for listening oh and I'm greg and I'm an alcoholic
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I'm Jill also an alcoholic. It sounds like you're doing what you're supposed to be doing and thats it. Thats all you can do. When it changed for me was when I started helping others in any way. Not just at mtgs just in the world in general. So I wouldn't think about my fn self for a change. Around 90 days is a really big deal to overcome so just keep doing what youre doing and pray your butt off! 
What have you been taught that you're powerless over ?
You're working the steps I assume based on what you wrote. Where are you with the steps?..I relate to you. I felt that same way at 100 days. The 3-4 month time was the hardest outside of the first 30 days. In retrospect I had NO IDEA how to live without alcohol and also my physical body was adjusting to no alcohol no benzos etc...It's gotten consistently better but usually I only notice that long after it's better or when someone else mentions it to me. It got REALLY GOOD at about 2-2.5 years. ..I will say however I work the steps in all aspects of my life. That's been a massive part of the change from depressed to happy. I tried quitting drinking without working the steps and I was more depressed than I'd ever been in my life (also had therapists during that time). So I went back to drinking...Anyway I can relate what's happening is normal and one day at a time my friend.
