-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8xxgvr/applying_to_law_school_advice/

So I'm applying to law school and based on my text scores and undergraduate school I have solid chance of getting into a tier 1 school. The problem is twofold 1. I don't know if it's a good idea to mention my struggles with sobriety in my application though I am sober now (who honestly knows what may happen tomorrow but I have almost a year of solid time coming up). 2. I only managed to get one letter of recommendation from a professor while I was college and need another one. Problem is there is a gap in my resume of about a year where I wasn't doing anything particularly academically impressive because I was focusing on overcoming my disease..Any advice by people who have successfully gone through this process or may know anything about it? Am trying to rebuild my life piece by piece and this year is my last chance to apply to a competitive law school and expect at least a chance of admission..Apologizes if this isn't what this forum is for..
----------immediate responses--------

I am now working a solid job and could ask for a rec from my boss or a mentor figure from a church I'm pretty actively involved. Idk how well those would come off tho :/ there are some really old contacts I could rustle up but I really wonder how useful they may be.
Hi! I'm a law school graduate and I think it might be cool to add that to your personal statement. In that way you could explain the resume gap in a deeper more inspirational way. There is a whole lot of alcohol abuse in law school and I think administrators and admissions people would probably be refreshed by your honesty and potential good influence. I was a complete alcoholic in law school and I wish I had some sober peers at the time. Good luck with everything and congrats on your sobriety!
I wouldn't mention anything about addiction/alcoholism. It's a well know fact that most people have relapses and go back out therefore people can use that as a negative about you. Unless working or applying to work in the addictions field I personally would not mention it
I personally wouldn't recommend sobriety on a school application or job application...I have a growing gap in employment but will include "extended medical leave (absence)" in my cover letters.  It's probably illegal for anyone to ask questions about someone's medical history...My alcoholism really ramped up when I went to grad school.  I worked hard and drank hard and this continued into my first job...Try to get another letter from any professor.  Grad school applications usually have 2-3 minimum letters as an application requirement.  Reviewers look for any reason to reject applications to make the selection less difficult.
