-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8yygup/hi_my_names_ashby_and_im_an_alcoholic/

It's been 20 days without a drink and 9 days fully sober. I want to drink so bad in this moment. It's palpable- my whole body is craving it. Right now I'm questioning my choice to be sober. My disease keeps telling me I don't have a problem that I can just get drunk tonight and it'll be okay. I know that it won't but I'm really really struggling. The cravings have been super strong for the past two days. I. Want. A. Beer. Or a vodka soda. Anything to take this fucking edge off. I'm really just kind of sitting in my shit right now. I called someone from AA and they didn't answer and am feeling pretty defeated. I don't know how to devote myself to this. I go to meetings every day I have a sponsor and I'm starting to work the steps. I know t works. I've seen it work. But right now I'm feeling pretty angry and hopeless. ..Cunning baffling powerful. ..I just had to get this off my chest. ..Thanks for letting me share. 
----------immediate responses--------

We're here with you. You're right - the disease is cunning baffling and powerful. I drank even when I didn't want to. ..The cravings lasted a few weeks for me. Going to meetings and keeping my time occupied was helpful but then there's the weekends when we have more free time than usual. It takes a couple weekends to adjust. Mostly I was like  what do I do with all this time on my hands?   ..Just remember that if you don't pick up today you're closer to the cravings subsiding. 
Keep going. I remember those feelings and they will pass. Play the tape through to the end how you will feel tomorrow etc... When I had those feelings I prayed ( even though I didn't know where I was on the higher power thing) I called people and I would occupy myself with other stuff ( watching a favorite show or movie go for a walk whatever) and go to meetings. I felt just like you do and now a little way farther down the road it is so much better. ..I love being sober and I don't have any regrets or questions about it. It won't always be like what your going through. People say that sobriety and A.A gives you a life you never imagined. Well I can testify to that for sure and I am only about 6 months in... Keep going sobriety is nothing like I thought it would be and I am so excited about it and life. 
Sounds like if you have a sponsor are working the steps and are going to meetings you are devoted to the program.  ..My first sponsor gave me some good advice right after I asked him to be my sponsor.  He said he would and said  but you'd better find a power greater than yourself to keep you sober because you might call me and I'll be drunk.    Later I realized he was referring to the part of the book that no human power can relieve us of our alcoholism...Early on I got down on my knees and asked my higher power to remove the compulsion to drink.  That worked for me.  It's important to note that I've never seen anywhere  nowhere in the book where it says you have to get on your knees; that's just what I did. 
We have a disease that wants us dead. Plain and simple. It will do anything and everything to convince us that one drink won't hurt. I'm with you right now. I'm 91 days sober. I've embraced the program go to a meeting everyday working the steps with a great sponsor and my life has made a 180. But some nights I still get a craving that takes me to my knees. It's nights like tonight I gotta dig deep and pray and even beg god to help see me through. I will read my big book and meditate on how I can help someone else. The cravings are fewer and further between and working the steps have made it a easier to combat this illness. But I have faith that my higher power has put me here for a reason and will see me through. We can do this
It gets easier Ashby just know that! Just for today...
Pray and keep calling people.  I know it's hard but it will pass. It will get easier
And do get phone numbers of women at your meetings.  This is just the thing to call them about.  Reddit is great but even bette when it's someone you can meet for coffee irl.  And never feel like you are bothering others. When one alcoholic calls another they are providing an opportunity for service to the other member that will keep them sober.
Don't pick up no matter what. Sorry to hear that your desire to drink is still very present it definitely helps others to hear what you are going through. What helps me is to sit with my feelings when I have a thought related to drinking. If I can be present in the uncomfortability then there is a good chance that I can find a way to see myself through it. It's when I turn away because it's painful or I think I know better that my disease has a chance to come back in full force.  One day at a time  has always helped as well take care!
we do develop a compulsion to drink - a physical need. Lots satisfy that by switching to sparkling waters juices etc. 
Hey Ashby I'm An addict to a few things and this piece of advice isn't in the book but I'm sure many here will agree with how absolutely valuable exercise is especially in early recovery. I know that having a way to burn off the anxiety stress craving and energy was very important in my recovery.
It gets better - for me it's keeping it simple: meetings &amp; sponsor &amp; work the steps &amp; rinse &amp; repeat 
You'll have bad days and good days but over time you'll have more and more good days and the bad days will be easier to get through. Just don't pick up a drink. No amount of alcohol will ever be enough to quiet those cravings.
Thanks for sharing. When I sobered up this last time 8 yrs ago after countless attempts I instantly started helping others. I did service work drove people to meetings cleaned up cigarettes butts etc. I did that as well as 1 to 3 meetings a day big book steps and a shit load of praying! By helping others it seemed to help me stop obsessing about myself and my problems. They say the root of our problem is fear selfish and self centered Ness. The best way to overcome these is to pray and act in the opposite. Fear to faith..... Selfish to selfless.... Self centered to think of others first.... It didn't make any sense in the beginning but I did it anyways and it worked        
Checking in on you.  How are doing today?
Congratulations! The only drink to avoid is the disastrous first drink. ..Remember "our problems are of our own making"... which means everything you think is a "problem" is only a matter of perspective. Keep working the steps and things will begin to slip away. It's a wonderful thing. 
Stay strong. We've all been there and it does get better. I wish there was an easy button or a quick solution. My personal experience was that getting out of the house and working out was the best approach. Even going for a walk helped me get through those cravings early on. IWNDWYT. 
Get more phone numbers. Call other people if your sponsor isn't available. I've started giving my number to newbies. While I do not sponsor people I am willing to give a hand up to anyone in need. ..If I had relied solely on sponsors over the last few years I may be where they are now relapses and back in the program. I choose to hang out with people with good sobriety. And hopefully I may be a conduit to newcomers to help them develop a good sobriety. ..Next meeting get some numbers that you can use when your sponsor is unavailable. ..Also head over to stopdrinking and read posts there. I find that incredibly helpful when I cannot get ahold of a real human being in recovery. ..Hope you are feeling better by the time you read this. 
Every day it gets a little easier. It's hard to notice in the beginning. At around day 90 the compulsion is cut by at least 50% and you don't dwell on it near as long. At 6 months the compulsion was maybe once a week for me and it was not longer than a minute as opposed to a couple of hours. After a year I had to consciously think about it. And it didn't trigger any craving. More like WTF was that and then just went on about my business. Today...it's been years since I thought about a drink even though I have had it around me on a lot of occasions. 
I found the EFT tapping method(you can google it) and CBT helped for cravings and getting the edge off.
