-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8yyjz5/need_help_with_a_question_i_would_ask_my_sponsor/

   Hi my name is Sadie and I'm an alcoholic!..I recently attended a 6 week stint in inpatient rehab continued on to an outpatient program and made it to 124 days of sobriety before relapsing. The outpatient program allowed me to continue but only if I completed a 3 day detox program. The rehab stint was a result of me presenting at a meeting while intoxicated and the return to detox was a result of missing an entire week of work without contacting HR. Luckily (quite frankly shockingly) I have been allowed a third strike but as an stipulation to my return they have imposed a strict non-negotiable schedule for me to ensure I am in the office doing work while other coworkers can be there to supervise my actions. However this schedule is going to make it difficult for me to get to AA meetings (not going to meetings is what I believe caused my relapse) or my other counseling sessions. ..I feel like I'm in a really tough spot. If I can't make consistent AA/counseling meetings my sobriety is going to be at risk. However I feel uncomfortable about asking them for anything at this point because they've put up with me.  Before I relapsed I had been considering applying for a new job anyway and now I feel like it might be a good idea to find a job that will offer me more time flexibility. But is it too early in my new sobriety to do that?
----------immediate responses--------

There are always meetings going on. Try hard to find one that fits your schedule. Might be early morning or mid day? Your job has been pretty understanding I think so I'd do what you can to work with them on this. 
I don't really know what to say but a friend in the program told me  anything you put before AA you will lose . She felt that she couldn't go to meetings because she had to take care of her son then she relapsed and lost custody of him. She's now 5 months sober but still battling in court to get shared custody back. ..Maybe that won't be your case but is it worth the risk? ..Do your employers know about the AA program and how it works? Have you talked to them about why you need meetings? I know it's hard to talk about and a lot of people don't understand but if you're considering quitting anyway it might be worth trying to negotiate with them. There's the big book chapter on employers that they might find helpful in understanding why you need this if you're going to be an effective employee again. It sounds like they think you're worth keeping around if you can stay sober so it might work.
There are phone meetings online meetings and thousands of podcasts you can listen to while working or when at home. While these are not as good as a face to face meeting I find they often get me through until I can get an actual meeting. It's true in my experience that anything you put before your sobriety you will lose. However there are tons of options out there for those with busy schedules. Hell there's a story in the first (maybe second?) edition of the Big Book of a guy in India who got sober in the 40s by reading the big book and communicating with other AAs through the mail. If you work your program to the best of your ability it will work. Just keep giving it your HONEST best effort.
Depending on where you live there are meetings 24 hours a day. There are online meetings email meetings text meetings and you can always visit the recovery subs on reddit and ask anything you want. There are people who cannot make meetings called loners who live in unpopulated areas or have jobs that take them far from civilization and they manage to stay sober. You can stay sober too meetings or no meetings but it has to be your No. 1 priority. I assume you're an adult of legal age; being inconvenienced by not being able to go to your favorite meeting is not an excuse for relapsing. I would also suggest you get a sponsor and don't procrastinate because you want the perfect sponsor. Almost anyone (female) with more sobriety than you would be better than no sponsor.
The big book and 12x12 are free online and streaming audio at AA.org.  You don't need to wait for a sponsor to start reading the literature.
Ok - you know your company so you need to figure how to play it. If you pitch AA as a medical appointment there may be some room. ..If your medical needs were a daily visit (dialysis therapy) companies would accomodate. Same thing. ..At this point you might have not much to lose by asking. You have 4 years with them. Gonna be easier here than a new place. Congrats on the promotion. they like you and want to see you succeed. You putting more work (meetings / therapy) into your success is what they want too. ..HR does this all the time (employee assistance programs) and also are somewhat bound by laws and guidelines (reasonable accomodations). ..Might want to dig a little deeper on this front. It's not forever (although could be) - just until you are on a solid footing. a year maybe. ..HR may even be impressed / glad your are asking. I fucked up myself in younger years - tried to hide from HR / bite off more than I could chew. If I played it differently they would have too. ..
Changing jobs in early sobriety isn't recommended.  You have an understanding employer lucky you.  
Meetings are not the answer! This is a perfect example of why the saying  meeting makers make it  is harmful. There will be times in life when you will not be able to get to meetings. That's why we need to work the steps with a sponsor. My sobriety is not dependent on making meetings. It's dependent on continuing to help others wherever possible and maintaining a relationship with a higher power. That is achieved through working the steps with a sponsor. So please get out to a meeting ASAP and find someone who will help you.
Thank you for your post.  Great example why sponsorship is so important.  When I sponsor myself (ISM) I am in serious trouble.
Despite your difficulties sounds like your workplace values you - maybe just ask them for some support with your recovery. All the best
