-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8yyrux/my_name_is_x_and_im_an_alcoholic_by_the_grace_of/

I live in an area where the title to this post is a common accepted opening to sharing during a meeting. Phrasing may differ but stating your dry date is common protocol in local meetings. I understand why giving newcomers hope for multiple years of sobriety would be a positive. I also see an issue by making saying your sobriety date standard protocol how you create resentment fear and other issues with newcomers or others who relapse...What is the practice in your area as to stating your sobriety date before sharing? Do you issues saying it as protocol prior to sharing verses some random flowing mention of your sobriety date while sharing?
----------immediate responses--------

Different meetings do it differently in my area. I've been to some where you state your sobriety date (although you don't have to) and some where you just say your name and alcoholic. 
We do not have this in our area but some do share their sobriety date. In this type of scenario I think a powerful message would be for someone with long sobriety to say "my name is X I'm an alcoholic and I haven't had a drink today." If newcomers have been to a few meetings and know this person has long sobriety it reminds them it's about today. 
At the meetings I go to if it's mentioned it is in context of the share.   If you don't think it is helpful to the newcomer then you can share how best you think will be helpful.  The purpose is to carry the message with our personal experience strength and hope.
It is not expected where I am at. I think that stating your sobriety date can actually be a good thing but perhaps not when everyone is stating theirs all the time.. When you hear someone state an actual date it gives a definitive piece of information. Sometimes when a newcomer is feeling that they are being bombarded with  concepts  and ideas that are foreign to them perhaps simply hearing and understanding that a sober person of any good length of sobriety has an actual date when they stopped can make them feel like it is an important part of who they are and it is! If we include our sobriety date it can give others an opportunity to think about where they were in their own sobriety when we were starting out.
We don't do it.  Occasionally I discover someone I've known for a while is 20 or 30+ years only because they're picking up a anniversary chip. ..I understand why others do it each to their own. 
I have rarely seen this in my regular areas.  Since its up to the group conscience I don't see an issue with the practice because sharing of any type is voluntary.
In my area people generally do not share their sobriety date.  We're constantly reminded that there's no seniority in sobriety.  People applaud as much for a 24-hour token as they do for a 20 year token...I have mixed feelings about newcomers meetings.  Newcomers often have social anxiety and may not want to be the center of attention.  However at my first meeting it was helpful that people took turns telling their story in hopes that I would identify with something someone said.  I remember leaving my first meeting thinking "Yup I'm an alcoholic and that's ok.  I finally found a group of people that understand me."
I've never heard that at my meetings. When sharing it's not unusual to bring up how long you've been sober when it's relevant and of course there are chips and birthdays but no one says their sobriety date at every meeting.
The best hope for the newcomer is HOPE FOR TODAY. I don't have to drink today because I know I'm never alone again.
There's no rule about it around my area that I've ever heard of. Some people say it or something similar some don't. I personally choose not to (and don't count days for my own benefit either). I collected a white chip to mark my day one and have a good idea of when my last use was but having made my amends and worked through my past issues I am focused on the here and now and being the best person I can be going forward which includes not drinking and using today. That's what works best for me but I encourage everyone to do what works best for them!.Regarding your thoughts on that it could create resentment fear etc I believe there is some merit to that but I think it's really just natural that those new to meetings/recovery feel that pressure and apprehension to begin with. It can be a difficult thing to just realize that one needs only to take it day by day rather than the scary "you mean I can NEVER drink again my whole LIFE?" way of thinking that shakes many alcoholics/addicts to the core. Most of the people in my home group and other groups that I have attended usually only share a day count in the context of a share if it's relevant or it becomes known as a ballpark figure when we pass out chips at the end of the meeting.
Do people really have resentments to other people being able to stay sober? You're telling me that people who have done the right thing and followed suggestions should not be proud and share their sobriety date because it might intimidate or offend someone who is struggling? I'm all about the newcomer but I'm not about that.
It's not something over noticed in my area of the UK buy people do mention it in their shares sometimes. When I was first around I found it a bit overwhelming when people shared that they had been sober for 10 20 30 years etc but people sharing that they had been sober for a month or two filled me with hope so I was grateful for that and made a point of letting newcomers know that I'd not been around long either. At the end of the day though we are all just doing this one day at a time. 
I go to meetings in two neighboring cities. In one it's "I'm &lt;first and last name&gt;. I'm an alcoholic. By the grace of God  sponsorship and actions taken in AA I haven't had a drink since month day year." In the other city it's just  "I'm x I'm an alcoholic. "..I moved here at 4 years sober. Took me like 10 months to 'conform' I don't know why they do it that way but they do. ..I prefer the less specific way. I was never asked to do it differently. Eventually I just started to. I still think it's strange. 
