-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8zavpw/relapsed/

I recently relapsed and everything spiralled out of control again. I went to the ER yesterday completely hopeless. Lowpoint of my life to call an ambulance for my drunk ass. They offered me a spot in rehab but I'm a small business owner and I just can't afford that much time off...Going back to AA tonight. It's been too long and I look forward to seeing them again...Just needed to share.
----------immediate responses--------

What are you going to do differently this time 
I had the exact same thing happen to me. I couldn't keep water down and kept throwing up. I knew I needed to go to the ER. I feel for you I'm with you. You can do this  
The only thing that will take us back to the disastrous first drink is our obsessed ego. ..The way to remove the obsessed ego is to give ourselves to the program with the spirit of Surrender.
Been there yeah it sucks. I appreciate your honesty. I was offered rehab the last time the nurse said  you don't need it  what you need is to cut the shit and get honest. Wow  didn't expect that. She was right though. Damn  that was over 16 years ago. Go kick ass  get busy  make coffee  shake hands. Just don't drink. It really isn't rocket science. I'll think good thoughts for you. 
Your friends will be happy to see you back sober. 
I had to make AA my number 1 priority in order to get sober. I put  AA/sobriety before my business wife dog and even my baby girl because if I didn't I would most certainly lose all of those things and even my life. Today AA /sobriety has to be number one in my life it kind of sucks sometimes but so does cancer at least with Alcoholism we have a solution other terminal diseases do not for that I am grateful
I'm a small business owner. To get sober after 6 years in business I had to make sobriety a priority. At first I was scared but someone said to me "God doesn't let a sober person starve". And it's amazing how much better my business has done after the last year being sober. I have been going to 1 meeting a day pretty consistently and spending a lot of time with people in the fellowship and it has worked for me. And like I said my business has doubled. ..So to recap: ..1. Not in AA -&gt; Business doing whatever Me doing alcoholic things.2. In AA -&gt; Me doing AA things a lot business doubled. ..
As I've been told when I got drunk again...I have a Step one problem. If I don't get that step 100% right I will drink again. That and the other steps require a sponsor and their are a lot of crazy people in AA. I found someone with some time under their belt happy a good job and didn't ask to borrow money off me. If someone has five years sober and they can't manage their finance or keep a job? I don't care how good they sound who all they know and have sex with. They have nothing I want and if I hang around them taking their advice...I might as well be drunk.  
I wasn't able to go to rehab either and I just celebrated 2 years! You can certainly do it without rehab. I got very involved in fellowship which worked for a while. The game changer was when I worked my steps with a sponsor I trusted and thoroughly cleaned house of all the reasons for my alcoholic behavior. If you ever need anyone my inbox is open :)
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
