-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8zwc56/on_sponsees/

I've had some very bad experiences with previous sponsors and I just need to get this off my chest. I am not saying every sponsor is like this; most-or-many are not.   ...But.  ...You guys. Seriously.   ...Your sponsees don't owe you anything. They don't owe you friendship or sex they don't owe you their time or energy. They don't owe you a downline on your MLM. They don't owe you conversion to your religion. They don't owe you obedience unquestioning or otherwise. They don't owe you anything aside from the basic respect we all owe one another as people existing together on this planet. If you start thinking of your sponsees in terms of "I've done so much for them THEY HAVE TO-" sit yourself down with your own sponsor and talk over that shit because if you can't let that go you shouldn't be sponsoring people.  ...Don't force them to pray if they're not religious. Don't force them to spend their days off going to meetings with you. Don't force them to do anything ever because if you're using emotional force to get someone to do something you're doing it wrong and frankly dangerously. You can't push anyone anywhere but away.   ...They are \*suggestions\*. They are not orders. If you find yourself getting angry that your sponsees are not following your suggestions yelling at them comparing them negatively to other sponsees berating nagging or manipulating them is not the answer. If you're suggesting things and they're not following your suggestions that might mean that they're not doing what they're supposed to be doing! That might be true! It might also mean that it's not a good fit or their approach is different from your own or they thought it over and decided it wasn't for them. \*And that is okay\*. It is okay. It doesn't mean they're bad or you're bad there is no bad in this situation there's just people doing the best they can with what they have.   ...That's not to say that sponsees don't fail because of course they do. Sometimes they make the wrong decisions becasue \*sometimes we all make the wrong decisions\*. That is our right as sentient beings and if that means they fall back into drinking? There is nothing you could have done to prevent that. They would have done it anyway.  ...This series of thoughts have been running through my head over and over and over again for awhile now partially due to resentment I desperately want to work through partially because I genuinely feel it's something a lot of sponsors struggle with and I just want to say hey I sympathize but. I can't really talk about it in any of the groups in the area because it would be indirectly 'calling out' the sponsors who have behaved this way and I don't want to do that. So I came here. Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

My sponsor always taught me never to chase them ALWAYS be happy to hear from them no matter how long since they've called and if they want to thank you the best way is to do it for someone else. I see a lot of old time/big time sponsors doing a lot of what you mentioned in OP  talking program at the meeting but then being completely antithetical in their relationship with sponsees. ..It's up to us to speak up for the newcomer in these cases. 
Here here. I was fairly shocked when my sponsors would beg me for money etc. Made it hard to be in the Program. ..13th stepping is not just a male/female issue. 
My sponsor has what I believe is the right approach.  ..It's pretty clear that he doesn't care if I don't follow his suggestions and he's happy not to let me waste his time.  I just the same approach summarized by a friend of mine "All we can do is deliver the pizza to the doorstep.  It's up to them to pick it up.  That sentiment is right out of the book.
If it's not in the book it's an opinion.
My first sponsor hit on me he's gay I'm straight. Second one still owes me $20. .Nowhere in the actual AA program does it say to get a sponsor and let some other fucked up dope addict drunk run our lives. It actually quite Cleary says the opposite again and again that no human power could relieve our alcoholism. Lots of "sponsors" think they are God but they are not. .That being said why would you even get a sponsor of you don't want to take his suggestions? If you want to run your own show go for it. I don't have a sponsor I just follow the EXACT directions in the big book. I have close friends in the program I can do step 5s with and work with but they are not my boss or director. .If you refuse to pray the AA program is not for you and you don't need a sponsor anyways. 
I would say that I would agree with some of what you have to say but don't you think perhaps you are imposing your will on others by making such a statement or holding such feelings?  I say this to help not to say that you are wrong.  
I think a lot of people both sponsors and sponsees have a distorted view on sponsorship. A sponsor is first and foremost a fellow alcoholic albeit one that has a length of sobriety that is considered  healthy  and a knowledge of how to work the steps in their own lives. I think a lot of sponsees expect a sponsor to  fix  them and a lot of sponsors expect sponsees to  follow  them a lot of issues seem to arise from this dynamic. In my experience the best sponsor is one that can guide someone and suggest things. I know that alcoholics are very hard headed and at first we sometimes need a strong push in the right direction but once we start on our recovery a sponsor becomes less of a teacher and more of a guide as we navigate our own recovery using their own experience as a lens that we can look at ourselves through. But every time I see a sponsee drawing away from sponsorship it's usually because they feel like they have to do something because their sobriety will depend on it if they don't.
generally i agree with you. as a sponsor i never get angry or even upset with my sponsees. if they don't do what i say let's say they keep missing a deadline on wrapping up a step i don't get mad i just share my experience which is that i've seen a lot of people relapse by not completing step X in a timely fashion. not trying to control via fear or anything just sharing my experience. same applies to any other suggestions i make it's just what has worked for me and what i've seen work for others. it might not be what the sponsee needs...i make it clear that everyone's process is different everyone goes on a different journey in recovery but we do have this program laid out and while maybe every bit of it isn't for every sponsee it certainly isn't a bad idea to go to meetings do your fifth step make that amends etc. ..the role of a sponsor is to (a) take you through the steps and (b) maybe provide a little bit of accountability. that's it. as such a sponsor should keep their commitments be where they say they are going to be when they say they are going to be there answer the phone or return calls etc. A sponsor isn't a parent or even a friend although oftentimes friendships develop...Having said all that I know some sponsees benefit from firmer or more involved sponsorship than I am able to provide. I won't answer the phone after 10pm. I often won't be able to answer the phone during business hours but I'll call you back as soon as possible. I will not be available to hangout with you at all times you can't just drop by my house and hangout for 12 hours on Saturday I have a family I love to spend time with and I need my downtime as well. I make this clear to my sponsees up front if they are looking for a 24/7 buddy that's not me. And I'm not judging people who sponsor others in that way it's just not my style...In short everyone sponsee isn't for every sponsor and vice versa. And if a sponsor ever asks you for money or sex run away.
I've heard of sponsors getting paid to go through the BB and steps. The thought of pushing a MLM pyramid scheme on to a sponsee sounds so sick and terrible...Also I have heard that some super religious sponsors throw jesus at their sponsees on their 3rd step. Talk about a betrayal of trust and AA...Glad my experience has been a pure and true approach to living sober.
My counselors recommend your sponsor be:.a) having 2-5 years of sobriety.b) having had previous sponsees.c) someone you feel extremely comfortable with (being honest to and working with).d) same sex (to avoid 13th step) 
The only thing I ever asked of my sponsee was communication and honesty and that is a two agreement.
LOL.  Sorry guess it's not funny.  I NEVER want to sponsor someone.  I have and do sponsor but I have never applied for the task--just willing when asked.  Anybody who WANTS to be a sponsor is doing it for the wrong reasons.
Thanks for sharing this post. It has led to some enlightening comments. I'm approaching 8 months and on step 8. I want to help others and be available as a sponsor when the time is right and I'll save this post to reflect back on some day I'm sure.
The AA pamphlet 'Questions and Answers on Sponsorship'.
I heard a guy with 42 years of sobriety who I respect share this in sharing on the steps.   He didn't write it  but it is spot on....A man in a hot air balloon realized he was lost. He saw a person on the ground and yelled down to him  Can you help me? I don't know where I am.  The man replied  Sure I'll help you. You are in a hot air balloon hovering 30 feet above the ground...between 40 and 41 degrees North latitude and between 59 &amp; 60 degrees West longitude. .. Wow you must be an AA sponsor  said the man in the balloon.  I am  said the man  but what gave me away? .. Well  answered the balloonist  everything you told me is technically right but I am still lost. Frankly you're not much help at all and you might even have delayed my trip. .. You must be an AA sponsee  replied the man. The man in the balloon was amazed and said  I am but how did you know?  ..The man on the ground said  Well you don't know where you are or where you're going. You have risen to where you are due to a lot of hot air. You are expecting other people to solve your problems and the fact is that you are in exactly the same position you were in before we met but somehow now IT'S MY FAULT  !
Resentments are dangerous for me.  I work through them with Steps 4 and 5.  The key is finding my part in it that I can do something about because I am powerless over other people.
My sponsee owes me. A couple of years ago he was sober a few months and was whining about not having a guitar so I sold him mine and an amp for cheap threw in a bike too. ..Back new this year (doing his 3rd Friday) he mentioned the debt for the first time and his desire to clear it over a few month period. I'd figured he'd pawned the stuff long ago. I thought it was $20 we'd agreed to he's sure it's $80. ..If it helps him get responsible I'll take his $ and use it as a newcomer fund.
I had a sponsee that lived with a known drug dealer.  She would call me to complain about her boyfriend and when I picked her up for a meeting or coffee she would  nod out  SWEARING she was not under the influence.  I knew she was.  .I gave her reading material that she never opened and she literally told me she'll  be ok  after every single suggestion I made. Even if it was just to read the chapter on acceptance or say the serenity prayer. ..I didn't feel entitled in any way that she should do what I tell her all the time.  It's just that SHE DID NOTHING I TOLD HER TO. ..She was the most frustrating sponsee I've ever had.  I felt I was doing her so much injustice because she wasn't getting better.  But i knew it was all up to her.  That she had to want it bad enough.  ..And events unfolded and life got really hard for her. ..I pray she's ok. 
I've been blessed with a great sponsor. I'm newly sober and still learning the program. I try to stick around the healthy people and the people who are working a solid program. I really liked what you said about noticing when you are starting to feel angry about someone not following something you say.- your sponsors words to you are suggestions. I try to follow them to the best of my ability and so far it's kept me sober but I think that's something important to keep in mind. Thanks for the information!
If a sponsor is offering anything other than his/her experience strength and hope then it's time to find another one.   We (me) need help with Steps 4 and 5 in particular because they can seem complex.   And a sponsor can call  bullshit  on sponsees if warranted.  But through the years I have watched from a distance sponsors acting like marriage counselors financial advisors religious gurus and all sort of  out of bounds  behavior...I am a PhD Psychologist although I have never stated that in a meeting over decades in AA.  I am not there to treat people I am there to stay sober.   I do various sorts of service (H&amp;I Intergroup rep group secretary) but I tend to avoid sponsoring for several reasons.  First I don't want to mix my professional stuff and opinions with the 12 Steps which I believe work quite well  as is .   Second I have not had the smoothest or prettiest program although I have stayed sober.  Some of my AA friends are much better sponsors  than me.   But I never refuse to help if asked...And then there are motives.   I am dead against 13th Stepping and have never done it.  But at times I have sure thought about it.  That is not odd since I like women and AA takes up most of my social time.  I never dated women from work or AA so that leaves little margin for error.   My reason for being absolutely against 13th Stepping is my awareness of what a mess I made out of relationships way back in my drinking days or in sobriety.  I just don't do relationships well.  And to me the CARDINAL rule of sponsorship is to do no harm.    It is the worst of offenses for any of us in AA to drive a fellow AA to drink..
My first sponsor bragged about how he speaks to his sponsor everyday on the phone.  He would call me once a week and get mad if I didn't answer or call him back immediately.  It's like he wanted me to have a lot of trouble with sobriety so that I would call him all the time and ask for advice.  He's also given me some straight up bad advice.  I'm an agnostic and he's asked me to pray more than once...I did not like the master-apprentice approach he used.  He is also very preachy at the tables and quotes the Big Books as if it's scripture.
