-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9029sx/moved_cross_country_can_i_stay_with_my_sponsor/

Hi. I haven't talked to anyone about this because I am embarrassed. I feel like talking about it is like cheating. .I love my sponsor. I miss my sponsor. I lucked out. I asked the first person in the first meeting when I came back from rehab. .I haven't asked her what the standard procedure is. .i.e. Is long distance sponsorship frowned upon?.She has had me for a year in two months. After two relapses I now have a little over four months. .Any advice?.I know I should just talk to her about it but I think I am also uncomfortable with how much she means to me and sharing that. I know how silly that is I know she knows how thankful I am I just think that this is more in line with some of my defects that deal with my inability to rock the boat and speak my mind and as I process and go to meetings in my new home I know I will talk to her about it I just want to hear some experience strength and hope. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sure there's a guy in my home group whose sponsor lives a couple states away. They just talk on the phone.
Def talk to her about it but maybe consider keeping her until you find someone in the local area? She can't see you so she can't tell what's up with you when things aren't going so well.
Yup do whatever works for you... 
I did this and it's been working out really well for six months! ..I call my sponsor every day to make sure we maintain our connection. We also both agreed that if the time came we could amicably part ways and I could get a sponsor in my new state if I relapsed or needed that in-person connection. 
I'm a little surprised your sponsor hasn't mentioned it already.  I have a sponsee that is moving in a couple of months and she knows that she will need to find a new sponsor when she gets there.  I will always be here for her if she needs me and I will stay with her until she finds someone new but we've discussed it openly and that really is priority number 1 when she moves.  I've told her to find a new home group and a new sponsor right away.  ..I don't think there's any harm in staying with your current sponsor long-distance but you should feel comfortable communicating all of this with her.  
I see no reason why not. I personally would make it temporary - but that is just me. 
I see no problem with a long distance sponsorship. You can always FaceTime when needed. If that doesn't work after a while just find a new sponsor in your new location. That also gives you time to feel out the people in your new group and find someone you have a connection with. 
All a sponsor is is a guide thru the steps. Do you have a phone email FaceTime? Geography shouldn't have to be an issue. I live in NYS &amp; my sponsor lived in Florida. Ebby the guy who brought the message to Bill W. had his sponsor in Texas while Ebby lived in upstate NY. Earl T. who was one of the original 100 who lived in Chicago had his sponsor in Akron Ohio same with Archie T from Michigan had sponsor in Akron. Sylvia K who helped bring AA to Chicago had sponsors in Cleveland Ohio. ..Your guide on this journey has to be only as close as your phone or computer. 
