-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/90630o/one_alcoholic_helping_another/

I wanted to share a little story that may encourage someone here. ..I've just recently passed 7 months sober and I have fought it every step of the way. I recently have been so down and miserable that it's been difficult to remain sober. Nothing really going on except typical every day life. No major issues nothing dramatic happening... just feeling down. .I've been planning my relapse. Angry frustrated bored feeling like... "is this really all there is?" ..I have gone to meetings kept in touch with my sponsor working my current step talking with other people in the program etc. All the things that are suggested to me. Still I just felt unfulfilled. Angry that I'm trapped in the monotony of life sober. ..Tuesday was the day I was going to blow it all. Hand hovering over that "fuck it" button. Went to the noon meeting as usual and left with a shitty attitude. I had a few appointments for work so I begrudgingly got back to work and hit the appointments. Both appointments I went to the client had the Serenity prayer posted on their desk. I shit you not. It's never happened before. So of course with my bad attitude I blew it off and kept on trucking even after a nice conversation with client #1 about her 21 year chip. ..By the Grace of God I didn't drink that night. My phone calls for a couple of pain pills fell through and I just powered through the evening with my family and went to sleep. Still angry. But that little voice in my head was like... "interesting coincidence huh?" ..Wednesday noon meeting is generally my favorite. I fought going and tried to avoid the meeting altogether. Hoped I didn't get called on to share and of course I did. So I shared. Told the truth. Me being angry isn't new to anyone. I'm always honest with my meetings because it doesn't serve me any purpose to repeat. "I'm just grateful to be here. I'm grateful to be sober." Because generally I'm not grateful to be sober. I'm downright mad about it. ..I tried to scoot out of there quickly didn't happen. Kept hearing "you're doing it right" "always love your shares" "keep it up" "so proud of you." I'm always so embarrassed after I share because I feel like the asshole. I feel like I just don't get it and eventually everyone is gonna get sick and tired of my bad attitude. ..Had a great conversation with a couple of women they really validated me. Loved me. encouraged me. Left feeling much better... but still lingering on that "fuck it" button. ..On my way home from work I got a call from another girl in the program. She hadn't been at that meeting and she's never called me before. She was hysterical. Sobbing. Miserable. She needed me and I was not about to let her down. I shit you not I was listening to her talk and cry and I had this deep understanding that this phone call was a gift for me. It was just what I needed to get the hell out of myself for a minute. After our conversation she thanked me and told me she felt so much better and I was so grateful. In turn I called a friend who has been here for me recently and shared what happened. ..We were all encouraged and managed to make it through the day. That's the miracle. That's the gift. Simple sometimes elusive and so rewarding. Thank you to all of you for sticking around to love us unlovables through our mess.  
----------immediate responses--------

Wonderful story. Just what I needed to read this morning. Having a restless irritable and discontent week obsessing about politics in disharmony with people at work and with my partner lying in bed this morning not wanting to get out of it and go to work I was thinking  what will get me out of bed?  .Read  on awakening  and the daily reflection. Not doing it. Then I read your post. Bingo. Helpful. Think I can get up and be present and accounted for. Or at least try..Thanks.
Great post thank you for sharing. The old-timers at my meeting hall always remind me that calling someone in the program helps them as much as it helps me. My sponsor even with 20 years under his belt always ended our one-on-one book reading time by thanking ME saying how much it helped him out to spend time with me. I didn't get that until I'd experienced it for myself (like a lot of this program I'm coming to find). This whole thing is a two-way street there's no way I could have gotten sober by myself. One alcoholic helping another that's really what it's all about...Thank you!
Love hearing this this is the reward that keeps us going.  Thank you for sharing.
Thanks for taking the time to share this. I too find myself blowing off little coincidences that are mos
awesome story !!
Awesome example of sharing your experience strength and hope.   Thank you.
Sometimes we get what we need and not what we want. I need to learn to be more grateful and appreciative of this. Thank you for the reminder.  
Thanks so much for sharing! It's so good to reminded why I'm sober today. I very much rensented the program and my sobriety for a good few months in the beginning and I really felt like I was faking it until I made it after a year and a half. You being so honest is very inspiring; I hope it only gets better from here for you. Congrats on being sober another day. 
God is working for you. There's the proof. ^^^^
