-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9080oq/step_2_and_three_issues/

I use to believe in God but if he is there he abandoned me for years when I was crying out for him and needed him most why would he help me now? ..I've never experienced any proof of any existence or anything either...I dont see any hope in surrendering my will and care to him when I cried out so many times before to get thrown down deeper into the shitter. Placing my hope and reliance on something that has only been disappointment in the past is like going back to a cheating wife and placing trust in her time and time again. Why? ..This is my first time sober and the book says I can't do it without God but god has literally disappeared every time I've cried out for him so why would I even believe that? As long as I stay in contact with others in the program I feel I will stay sober. Relying on something that has never come through for me seems like relying on magic. I know this has saved lives so I dont want to offend. Just how I feel. My sponsor is having me pray the step 3 prayer every day "and try to mean it". But in struggling with that.
----------immediate responses--------

I have a relationship with a higher power today thanks to the steps. This is after an entire lifetime of being actively opposed to the idea of god. When I say I have a relationship I do not mean that I go to my higher power only when times are tough asking to get me better. What my relationship looks like is thanking my higher power for what I have and where I'm at. Even when things seem bad to me because I do not know what's in store. Another thing I do is I pray for other people. I rarely pray for myself and the times that I do it's too ask for help in understanding how to help another person or asking to help me see where I can be of use to someone else...There has been times where my relationship was basically non existent except for when I would be asking to be taken out of misery and into a contented life. The thing is I was asking for that but then not doing anything to get there...My higher power does not grant wishes. My higher power helps me to see and to be aware. 
It takes time. Your concept of God will develop over the course of your sobriety. The issue with us alcoholics is that our self centeredness and vain attempts to run our lives based on self will prevents us from letting God into our lives. Self will run riot is the root of many of our problems including the separation from God. Stick with it! Read the big book and get a sponsor. 
Sounds like you have always asked God for what he can do for you. In the program we seek out God's will for us and do HIS work that's what keeps us sober and removes the obsession to drink. To ask God for this or that is playing God and thinking you know better than him/it/her/whatever. He knows what you need you don't. Seek his will and forget about yourself. Read chapter 4 we agnostics in the big book. 
As an atheist myself I rejected the program for a long time because of Step 2 and the many references to god in the Big Book. But over time alcohol beat me down to a point where I just knew I had to quit. But then when I wanted to quit I couldn't seem to do it alone. So I started going to meetings and talking to other alcoholics and I realized that for me the fellowship and community within the group was something I could identify as my own higher power. It made logical sense to me that a group of people was stronger than one person alone and that was all I personally needed to get over my objections to Step 2...You said "As long as I stay in contact with others in the program I feel I will stay sober." I feel the same way (though I'd say I *can* stay sober and not *will* stay sober since I can't predict the future). Perhaps you could consider your home group to be your higher power. "G.O.D." stands for "Group Of Drunks." It worked for me and it's worked for others...I refused to pray for my first three months until I just tried it out one day when I was feeling especially desperate. It somehow calmed me down helped me feel more centered and focused. So I still say my morning and evening prayers every day now -- though I don't believe they're going up to any big guy in the sky I find them a nice calming reminder of my place in things and a good way to meditate/check in with myself. I still say the Our Father at the close of meetings even though I don't believe in it literally to show I stand with and support my fellow alcoholics. This program is a program of action and sometimes the whole "fake it til you make it" cliche is just the right thing to do...I've heard it said that there is nobody too stupid for this program but there sure are a lot of people too smart for it. I am a classic overthinker and I can do mental gymnastics all day long to try and get myself out of doing what I'm told to try and prove in advance that something won't work so why even bother starting? But by practicing the stuff I hear from others by just taking action first and then thinking about it later by just trying something out before I make my judgments my life has become a whole lot better and sobriety has become a whole lot more rewarding. For me Steps 2 and 3 were a lot like that...You don't have to believe in god you just have to believe that you're not god. The rest can come into focus later. Keep on doing what you're doing!
I'm an atheist and still benefited from AA. I accept that I don't know everything and am open to help from others. 
&gt; Relying on something that has never come through for me seems like relying on magic...You realize that if you expect it to work like magic your expectations are the problem right?..All those years you were crying out for God to help were you doing your part?  In my experience and the experiences I hear around the rooms God does his part but we have to do our part too...Either way the program works just fine without "God" as your higher power...When I first arrived the group was my higher power and I wasn't sure there was a God.  6 years later I am religious even - and not Christianity (as so many people will have the world believe AA is a "Christian Cult").  AA introduced me to my higher power and as I explored that more and more I found a religion that clicked perfectly with what I thought felt and believed and now I practice it daily.  This is not the path everyone takes but it is one way things can go if you take it one step at a time and let things grow naturally.  Alternatively you can end up one of those 30 years sober people who likes to make it REALLY REALLY clear to EVERYONE that they DO NOT BELIEVE IN A HIGHER POWER.  lol.  Whatever floats your boat and keeps you sober.  :)
I grew up in a pretty dysfunctional religion/church with a lot of emotional abuse so using the term 'God' was not something I could do now as an adult. I started browsing different ways of viewing a higher power. Native American Buddhist Energy/Universe etc. and trying to find what worked for me. Once I was able to relate to my own definition of a HP as I understood him then that really helped unlock the door. I've also heard of people who use 'God" as "group of drunks" and they put the faith in the group dynamic. Magic and connection happens in the AA rooms and that is definitely a power greater than any one of us individually. ..Hope it works out for you it's great you are sober! 
I'm an atheist and I really wanted to quit drinking and thought maybe I couldn't do it because of the G word.  I talked to a lot of people in the first few weeks about their understanding.  My first aha moment was when I trusted the fellowship when they said if I put down the bottle my only remaining tool for dealing with life they would teach me a new set of tools.  That trust was faith  that the program would work.  The program and fellowship are a power greater than myself. I kept doing the suggested actions and here I am 2 years later sober and in service to others.  ..I don't have to have all the answers to all the existential questions of life to find sufficient faith to work the steps and stay sober.
