-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/90q2s8/really_struggling_to_sleep/

Usually I just pass out from drinking too much.. Day 3 sober and I'm awake at 1.30am again.... any tips on getting to sleep without alcohol? ..I went to the gym today so a big session so exercise hasn't seemed to help... 
----------immediate responses--------

How's your caffeine intake? That could be a factor. ..What do you do just before bed? I find  a story  from tv or a book helps get my brain in the mood for dreaming. 
It's probably frowned upon in AA but I take a couple of benadryl.
First week or so is really rough in regards to sleep. I found that melatonin helps a bit but for the most part you are going to have to tough it out. Don't worry it gets much better after about 10 days just for the love of god don't drink thinking it will help you sleep...
Having problems sleeping is normal in early sobriety. There are OTC medications that are not addicting and can help with sleep. Ask your pharmacist. 
It gets better after about a week I had insomnia for about 6 days. Nothing over the counter worked 
Day 3 you are going through withdrawal which definitely affect sleep. It will get better
This is normal. It'll balance out.
Early recovery SUCKS.  It gets easier...It gets easier.
My mind came up with many excuses to drink early on. I know now that's how our minds work. Big book talks about  phenomenon of craving ..I realize now that if I drink I can die. So I have to be ok with being uncomfortable sometimes. 
A common symptom of withdrawal.  It takes time to heal.  I had disordered sleeping during my drinking.  Early in recovery after a couple months dry I began to sleep really well.  My sponsor told me insomnia was a self-correcting problem and he was right.
My first few days sober after long term daily excessive alcohol use has involved poor sleep in part because of REM rebound. Sleep was still problematic for about two weeks. I found letting myself take naps was helpful for maintaining sanity during the poor sleep periods...Good news after about two weeks sober I was sleeping better than I had in many years :)
Hi 1 week in here...I had a similar issue this week. I bought an over-the-counter sleep aid from 7-11 and it really helped. It doesn't make me overly drowsy but it puts me in that  man I'm ready for bed  mood and I sleep really well. Maybe try that.
Cool down your body temp.  An ice pack helps.
doctor. exercise. consistent sleep schedule. ..some use melatonin (over the counter) but did not help me. ..this is normal when you quit and will pass. 
I'd recommend guided meditations for getting yourself relaxed and ready for sleep. It's normal to have trouble sleeping when you've trained your body to sleep only when you've been drinking. It's also really hard to sleep when you're worrying about not getting enough sleep. Try to focus on how good it is that you're sober instead of how bad it is to be awake that late. The sleep you do get will be higher quality than drunken sleep anyway. It WILL get better. Your body will learn to drift off without chemical help over time. 
Read the stories in the back of the big book..At the beginning those suckers put me to sleeeeep so fast!!!! ..(Once you learn the deal and the program  that will change tho hahaha) 
