-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/90x41e/do_i_have_a_problem/

I have been looking at this community for a while created an account yesterday. I'm only 18 and I think I might have a problem with alcohol. I can't control myself I put myself in very bad states a lot and I have extreme anxiety the day after drinking (I know that hangovers do that to people who already struggle with anxiety). .I've said many many many times "I'm gonna stop drinking" or "tonight i won't drink" but I never do it. I drink drink and drink. Sometimes I drink to the point where i don't remember. I do things that I would NEVER do sober I had sex with my toxic ex boyfriend kissed random guys cried... I know it's not crazy but it's not me. .I feel "dirty" I can't shake off that feeling I don't understand what's going on with my. Could i have a problem? Sorry for the long post 
----------immediate responses--------

One sign of addiction is continuing to use alcohol despite the negative consequences.  Normally we avoid things that cause us pain.  But addiction hijacks our brain and we keep going back to something that is bad for us.  If you are worried I would suggest going to an AA meeting.  It is scary at first and takes great courage but it will help you decide for yourself if you have a problem.
You described my behavior exactly. The unfortunate thing is that I carried on that way for many years. Yuck. If you are asking the question about having a problem then likely you do. But only you can know for sure. I went to an aa meeting and discovered that others were in the same boat and there is a way out. I did it (and still fo) the aa way and it worked for me! Is there a meeting near you you could try out?
I have a hunch that normal drinkers never wonder if they have a problem.  I kept on drinking for 10+ years after I realized I had a problem and my life got worse and worse until suicide seemed like the only escape.  Finally I decided to give AA a real chance.  Working the steps is so much easier than continuing to drink and working the steps took away my obsession with drinking.  I still think about it but 99%  ok 90% of the time the thought of drinking literal upsets my stomach.  There is a solution  you deserve to be healthy and to have real happiness in your life. 
Thank you for sharing! Accepting that I was an alcoholic was huge for me. Then I still suffered for a couple of years until it was unbearable. Reaching out and accepting I needed help is still the best decision I've ever made. There is a solution to this madness..One thing I've found in sobriety is that with the help of others I'm developing a great set of tools for living. Problems are still there and life keeps moving but we don't need the extra issues that alcohol brings..Reach out to people if not in person there are online meetings. It is hard but then again all major decisions are and they take a little bit of adjustment. .Best of luck and please continue to reach out on this board. We are all here to share our experience and help in any way we can. 
Do you have access to a AA Big Book? Read it at least till page 60. From the very first page and try to go to a meeting or two. You are the only one that can diagnose yourself as an Alcoholic. Really really read the Big Book put your mind into it.
Call your local AA office and ask about young people in AA (YPAA) meetings. Lots and lots of people your age in recovery nowadays. 
Kudos to you for recognizing this at such a young age. I wish I was as smart as you when I was 18. Alcohol is poison to people like us. 
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
