-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/91coft/dealing_with_relapse/

So up until last night I had almost 8 months of sobriety  I drank some kava thinking I could control it and wound up drinking the whole bag of powder I bought and getting pretty messed up. I even felt the phenomenon of craving set in after every drink. I feel so awful and disappointed in myself. I worked hard to get where I was. I just recently moved to an island in the pascific  and I don't know hardly anyone. I really need advice /support 
----------immediate responses--------

Go to a meeting make the best of it nobody will judge you. Don't drink for the next 24hrs. Keep coming back!!! Please open that door and talk to someone. 
Having a slip can be a learning experience in sobriety if you are careful to not let it develop into self-loathing or self-hate. We're alcoholics it's what we do but now that you have had some time clean under your belt you know what you can do to remedy the situation! Make sure you get to some meetings and talk about what you're going through. If you don't have someone you can talk to one on one or a sponsor find someone! But don't let if sit inside you and take over. Nobody's perfect but it's what we do with our mistakes that is important.
how is drinking kava a relapse?
Thank you for sharing that knowledge with me I don't know much about NA. I think I fall somewhere in the middle I have the obsession for more and I also drink/use to fit in to be comfortable in my own skin. I don't do it to escape life I do it so I can feel like a part of it. I would much rather have the ability to sit down and have a good conversation with anyone and speak my mind than any amount of money. I just want to be myself I just don't know how. 
When I relapsed in 2017 after a long period of sobriety it was from pain killers after a tooth extraction. I never had an issue with them before but like others have said I was addicted to  more ...I didn't go out seeking more painkillers but I took more than the recommended dose and likened that feeling of numbness and false euphoria to the drink. I felt very ashamed and stayed away from the rooms. I got complacent in my recovery a few months prior to that so I was doomed before I even had my tooth pulled. At that point I was just sober. That's a very dangerous place for any alcoholic or addict to be. Not even a week later after the extraction I convinced myself I could drink again. I was out for 9 months and like it always happens things got worse and not better. For this alcoholic it took one moment of consuming a mind-altering substance for the phenomena of craving and being out of the rooms for it to all come crashing down to a bottom I've never experienced spiritually. I lost a lot in the process because I could not be HONEST about what I was doing. Seems like you are very honest about this experience which is what AA asks of you from the very start. I have 4 months now after being out there but I'm convinced that there was something down there at this bottom that I was meant to find. Best of luck to you! Stay inside the circle and props for asking for help. It's a hard thing to do. 
