-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/91f3et/just_hit_my_2_months_2_days_ago_threw_it_down_the/

Have been feeling extremely depressed lately. My meds and therapy are not helping. I just got tired of hating myself. I pushed the love of my life away because of how much ihate myself. So iwent to the bar and drank 3 tall glasses. I went into the car and burned myself with my cigarette twice. I went to target and bought dog leashes so that i can hang myself and i tried. My second suicide attempt in two months. I feel like a failure for my relapse. I feel so disgusting and drinking did not numb my feelings it only amplified them and ifeel so nauseous like my body is rejecting it. Im safe now with loved ones ready to start again. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's day one again tomorrow. You got this!
You mentioned meds and therapy.  I suggest you contact your professionals and be honest about your suicide attempts.  A more intensive level of treatment may be available to you.  In addition to AA getting connected with NAMI in your area may be of helpful.  There is always hope.  Best to you.
Dont be at yourself up over your relapse let it be a lesson learned not a depressive thing you beat yourself up over I k oe it's easier said than done. And for your meds its important to communicate effectively with a psychologist. 
Whatever your past you will find people in Aa who have had it just as bad and just as many terrible things and they were able to learn to forgive themselves one day at a time. I'm an example. I hurt lots of people in my drinking days and was a participant in abuse growing up and I drank over it all constantly. I checked myself into the hospital because I was going to kill myself and I then went to an Aa meeting. After doing a 5th step with a sponsor I have found an amazing life free of the guilt and shame of my past. 
You can feel better and will just by following suggestions. Stay open willing and honest. You can do this!
I could never just stop drinking and stay stopped.  I had to get involved in the program and work the steps.  Now my obsession is gone. I have a tendency towards severe suicidal depression too.  If it worked for me I'm certain it can work for you.  Let us know how you're doing?
Definitely speak to your psychiatrist about the meds there are a whole bunch of different combos and it's not one size fits all. I was hesitant to mention my past suicide attempts because I was scared that if I had attempted before and I said the wrong thing to my therapist she would have me involuntarily hospitalized. It doesn't work that way so definitely be up front and honest. ..Don't beat yourself up for it. Sobriety isn't a contest you don't win a special prize for however long you've been sober. If you fall you just dust yourself off and keep on going you only fail if you stop trying. 
"we stood at the turning point we asked his (God) protection and care with complete abandon". Alcoholics Anonymous.. .For me that turning point was either killing myself or putting down all drugs (legal and illegal) the booze and seeking and doing God's will and completely giving myself to AA and the big book and doing what they did in the book. It worked I got sober I made friends I built a whole new life from nothing in AA. Yes its time to Start again but killing yourself is not the answer. 
Two months of success is still two months of success. Now you know you can do at least that much next time. Be a badass don't give up.
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
