-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9232bf/calm_on_the_outside_screaming_on_the_inside/

Today I am 21 days sober..I'm decided to become sober at the encouragement of my fiance. During that time the temptation and struggle has been real. I went sober before a vacation. 3 bars and a restaurant didn't used to seem like a big deal until people start drinking and then realizing you can't have any. .A week ago I asked my fiance to help me and not drink for a month with me. My therapist thought it would help and he usually gives solid advice..But yesterday she made plans for us to go out to a classy bar with a few friends. Now she's mad because she feels like I'm the asshole that won't let her drink (to be fair yes but also no). I don't think she gets why this is so hard for me..I don't know what to do. Rn I just want someone who understands to listen.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks to working the steps and continuing to live them and having a relationship with a higher power I am able to go anywhere I want including bars and be around people who are drinking without having the thought of drinking myself. It takes effort but to get to a point where I don't even consider alcohol when it's right in front of me is totally worth the work...You can be at that point too. Also remember you're the one with the alcohol problem not your wife. Yeah it would be great if she'd stop drinking when you did. But you can't control her. And you can't let your sobriety depend on whether or not she drinks. I strongly suggest you get a sponsor and start workin g the steps ASAP 
Let her go drink who cares. If she can safely drink alcohol then go let her. On that same note if you don't feel comfortable around it don't go. Both of you need to respect each other's boundaries and what's best for each of you. If she demands you go to a bar and you say your worried you'll drink and she isn't OK with that that's pretty fucked selfish and unsupportive. If you tell her she can't drink now because you don't same thing selfish... 
It sounds to me like you're doing all the right things. Go to meetings work the steps get a sponsor keep coming back. That's what they told me so that's what I begrudgingly did. ..I did things I didn't believe ended up getting results I couldn't deny.
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
