-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/92hr56/i_had_a_relapse_need_advice/

Sobering up and feeling horrible. I missed a whole week's work and I need to tell my boss something to save my job
----------immediate responses--------

The truth
After missing a whole week I feel like asking for help would be your only option. Or lie and say your grandma died.
I sure am glad I don't have to make up bullshit excuses anymore. If you're looking for help with a lie hopefully you've come to the wrong place. You're on your own with that. If you want to get honest and sober then we can help 
You keeping hitting the sauce for week long binges your problem with your job won't seem like much. Listen to the other man we'll help get ya sober. There must be a sub for bullshitting your boss. 
You missed a week of work because you were drinking. Take responsibility for your actions. Stop looking for the easy way out. This will just keep happening if you don't put in the effort to change. Seek help and be honest. Anyone who helps you come up with some excuse is not helping you. They are enabling you...If you think potentially losing your job is too bad of a consequence for you to accept then you better do whatever you can to find lasting sobriety. I can tell you with absolute certainty that the consequences get much much worse than just losing a job.  
There is a part in the Big Boo about a guy who was afraid he would ruin his life if he told the truth."He saw that he had to place the outcome in God's hands or he would soon start drinking again and all would be lost anyhow.".Big Book page 80
It is possible that you can get a medical excuse from a physician.  Your boss does not need to know the details.  I also want to apologize for some of the sanctimonious answers you have gotten here.  
I took FMLA leave to get sober. I needed to. I couldn't do both at the same time. You may try seeing your doctor and telling them about your problem and seeing if they can recommend you go on leave. ..I'm sorry you're struggling with this. I am so lucky I didn't lose my job while drinking. Try to take one thing at a time. Maybe calling the doctor tomorrow to see when you can get in. If you're going through withdrawals and the doctor's office is closed for the weekend please go to the ER. 
You do know this is not a sub to make up excuses for you don't you? Tell him you were sick. It's the truth. Then get ready to get handed your last check. He probably already knows anyway.
I made up excuses for missing work when I was drunk/hungover. Didn't help me in the long run. I ended up losing my job anyway. I think if I had been honest about my problem sooner I might have gotten help sooner.
I think the best solution for your problem is to get a sponsor and work the steps.  
 It sounds like you've been pretty sick.  Does your employer need to know more than that?
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
