-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/92ql7y/ill_let_myself_drink_tomorrow/

37 days in and I've been feeling good.  Connected to self and community and most important to those mysteries I stopped worrying about so long ago.   I've been handling myself alright in sobriety yet I find myself tested right now.   . Flying to SF on Monday and have to finalize a significant amount of research before then.   Feeling behind.  Feeling stressed.   Feeling this absurd notion that despite these looming deadlines and obligations that if I just knock this out push it today then I can get a drunk in tonight sleep it off tomorrow and be ready by Monday.   Can't shake that thought.    ...As I often hear though it's alright.  I'll let myself drink tomorrow.  Just not today.    ...I don't \*need\* anything from this group per se.  Nor am I really asking for any advice.  I just know there's something simple and powerful about sharing the struggle with a group of people that know exactly what you're going through.
----------immediate responses--------

Right on even just typing out your thoughts can be therapeutic. One thing that helps me is to  play the tape through . Once I can remember where that first drink leads and remind myself (constructively) of what happens when I take it I can usually find where I'm being dishonest or selfish. .Once I can get myself to that point it's just a matter of looking at the facts. Take care!
Keep coming here sharing and listening. You're going do great!
I remember having that exact same thought more like an obsession of the mind. I gave into the obsession (obsession is a thought that outweighs any other thought to the contrary) and ended up in the hospital for 4 days I almost died from liver failure. I often ask God a question then randomly open up the big book to any page and read a passage. This is the passage I read in the hospital that day..... . ."Once an alcoholic always an alcoholic. Commencing to drink after a period of sobriety we are in a short time as bad as ever. If we are planning to stop drinking there must be no reservation of any kind nor any lurking notion that someday we will be immune to alcohol.". .  .I always thought we just quit for one day at a time and maybe I'll drink tomorrow this passage made it clear to r that I couldn't entertain that thought. I then made a plan to quit drinking for good and I would do that one day one hour or even one minute at a time. I threw myself into the steps/big book started always helping others and I got sober and the obsession to drink was removed..... It didn't magically get removed I put in 3 to 4 hours a day into AA steps literature calling members service work and anything else I could do..... Service work and helping others helped remove that obsession more so than anything else.... "this too shall pass it does getting easier my friend...provided you take certain steps.    .
This sub is so helpful!
&gt;I'll let myself drink tomorrow. Just not today. ..I've made it almost two years with that mindset.  I don't think about drinking that often but I do tend to question whether or not I am an alcoholic.  Because if I am not maybe I can drink again.  And I always just tell myself 'I'll figure it out tomorrow.'  
Being so real and honest is what keeps us sober imo. The ones who act like everything is dandy all the time are the ones who relapse. One day at a time man. Thanks for sharing. 
I told my sponsor that the urge or the thought that I could go have some drinks so easily pops up sometimes and it almost feels not worth mentioning bc I know that at least for today I'm not going to do it but it's bothering me. She said it never fully goes away for most of us and it helps to ask yourself why and remember- oh yeah duh because I'm an alcoholic!  
