-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/92sk13/i_got_a_notified_on_my_phone_of_my_4_months_just/


----------immediate responses--------

This is an interesting ad. 
Relapses by fellow alcoholics help me stay sober. I learn from their lessons. Missed meetings no big big not working steps no homeroom and most of all...not helping other alcoholics. Rarely do those who do the work suffer go back out. Learn and grow. Congrats on another day!
Congrats. Unfortunately I am one of those that relapsed but thankfully I'm back now. It was very hard to swallow my pride and start over. One of my first meeting back I was surprised to see like 5 regulars at the meeting I usually go to all share that they had gone back out as well. A few of them had over 3 years. This disease does crazy things to our minds and wants us dead. Great job on 4 months. Keep it up. 
Your sobriety and recovery are your first priority. Your success should not feel bittersweet due to ithers decisions IMO.
I love it when people have the courage to come to meetings and share their relapses. The fact that he shared with you shows the unique bond between recovering humans...On another note I was just watching the finish of the Tour De France and remembered the amazing AA meetings I went to just round the corner from the Arc D'Triomphe when I was in Paris last July. ..I love this fellowship #Grateful #Sober 
Congrats! I feel you on this. I had gotten to be AA-friends with this lady. She'd give me rides home we did service together. She had over 10 years as I recall. Called her up on my 1 year to ask if she was gonna be there bc she'd missed a week or two.  She told me in a tearful voice that she relapsed and I could hear the slur over the phone. Never saw her again. ..8 years now and I've seen people die people go out people come back and lots stay and get 8 more years along with me. Keep at it!
Way to go! Remember to take it one day at a time. Keep coming back it works if you work it.
