-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/92uqhz/1_year_today/

Just waking up today sober. 365 one days at a time. ..Here is what helped me the most...Being completely desperate to stop drinking. I was truly done this time. I can't describe it. Totally hopeless...Being told to look for similarities with others not differences...I didn't stress about getting the perfect sponsor I just picked a few guys and stuck with the one that resonated with me. ..I read the big book and 12 and 12 with people even though I wasn't sure what I would learn. Came to truly see myself as alcoholic. Came to see that I will never be able to drink safely. Before like many had a part of me that still thought  well maybe after I get better...  ..Made sobriety my number one life goal and job after someone said  god won't let a sober man starve  this turned out to be true for me. One time I thought for sure I was going to go broke and I owed money to someone as amends. I wanted to keep the money but my sponsor said to pay it and be frugal the next month. So I did and I had no money for about a week and I felt uncomfortable but I had enough to survive. But I felt so good about myself for doing the right thing that I nailed an interview later that week and got paid...Made friends with people who are nothing like me other than this fellowship. 36 year old man and my best friends right now in program are a 72 year old man and a 71 year old woman. I love helping them with their phones and giving them rides. ..One day at a time. The stress of 24 hours. So many disasters I predicted never came if I just trusted god and did the next right thing ..Love everyone here especially those struggling. Go to a real meeting if you can and get in the flesh this thing is a disease of perception and relationships. .
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks you!
Wow. Day three here. Can't imagine 1yr. ..Congrats
Congrats. That's awesome. I started a year and a half ago but went back out after 6 months a couple times. 1 week today. Good job. 
Congratulations.   Ive been On and off the wagon over the last many years.  Once you fall of the wagon  I feel it's so hard to get back on.  Thank you for posting and motivating us all to be the best we can be.  Maybe today will be a new start for me. 
Great post thank you!  
Congrats and thanks for sharing. I remember always hearing from others that the second year is a lot harder than the first. I asked my sponsor and he told me to go ask all those people if they did what they did on the first year in their second year. None of them did. My sponsor said if I do what I did in my first year in my second I'd get the same result. I did and he was right that's why he does I. His 28th year what he did in the first. We are not cured of alcoholism what we really have is a daily reprieve based on our spiritual condition. This is something I need to always remember. That first year cake is so awesome though enjoy the gifts! 
So great. Hard work sure pays off!!
Congratulations! Just remember relapse does NOT have to be part of recovery despite what you often read here. Don't get caught in the revolving door. ..We often hear "Keep Coming Back" at meetings. I've been to my share of funerals for those who couldn't come back because they chose to pick up. Your recovery is precious KEEP IT and don't throw it away because you believed the lie that you could always just keep coming back. Many thousands have needlessly died because they drank that kool aid. 
Congratulations. I really loved this post and everything you wrote. So stoked for you! Keep up the good work!
Wooot!!!!
Congratulations  
Thank you for your message strength 
This made me cry and feel hope at the same time thanks
