-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/92x0c6/living_in_fear_is_not_good_that_is_known_but_what/

I have been in meetings about fear and we always say face your fears and and get over them. I also hear many people using fear to stay sober for today fear of going back to hit rock bottom again telling stories of health problems telling stories to scare others to not drink. ..Fear of the disease always erks me I believe in inspiration. In our book if the story is 10 pages long we see 9 pages of a story about drinking and hitting rock bottom and 1 page about inspiration about how things got better. I know how to hit rock bottom. I know how to drink. Why not believe in focusing on victory. Why not see the disease as smaller than us and God because if God is with us who is against us? I grew up hating tattoos but what changed my mind was a tattoo that just looked like blocks so I asked him what it was he said focus on the light not the dark it said Jesus in the light. I am not a Jesus person but you see the metaphor. If you focus on the solution the problem gets smaller. ..So why would one use fear to drive someone to stay sober? Firstly it doesnt work for me so I dont understand it. I'm new to sobriety so I'm just bringing this up as a topic.
----------immediate responses--------

Jails institutions and death are only mentioned in the book a few times. The rest of the book is filled with promises of a beautiful life with no fear. Fear based sobriety never lasts. 
I see this as a matter of balance. A fear of relapse can be useful for encouraging us not to underestimate our disease. The whole program is predicated on the idea we need to take some drastic action to stay sober long-term. All the talk of half-measures vs thoroughly taking the steps comes after a woeful depiction of the dooming nature of alcoholism. ..But I agree with your assessment that fear alone isn't the best motivator. That's why we need to emphasize what we are like now and what newcomers have to look forward to after that precarious first year or so. A healthy fear borne of years of failure got me to keep up my treatment give step work my utmost and commit myself to my meetings. But the bettering of my life far beyond my meager expectations is what keeps me involved and makes me want to repay what I was given. 
The fear and memories of where drinking took me always fade. My recovery can not be based on fear. There needs to be real depth. Through working the steps I recover from alcoholism. That means if I continuously live a spiritual life then drinking will not be an issue for me. If I base my recovery on helping others and a relationship with a higher power then I don't need to fear alcohol. And I don't. I just don't think about. 
Your post made me think of the line in Bill's story "fear sobered me for a bit" and he was drunk in the next sentence.  ..I also like the line in the Doctors Opinion " Frothy emotional appeal seldom suffices. The message which can interest and hold these alcoholic people must have depth and weight. "  People used to lecture me all the time about how I was gonna kill someone or die or go to prison or have my face freeze that way or blah blah blah if I kept drinking; that included cops when I was under arrest.  It was meaningless i just got a bad break I was going to do things differently next time.  It never changed.  ..What me willing to do the work was the way I felt inside I just couldn't keep feeling  the way I was feeling.  It was clear that people in AA once felt like I did but didn't anymore.  I did the work and things changed for me too.  
Do the steps. After I did my first set of steps I realized that every person has fears selfishness dishonesty etc. For me as an alcoholic I seemed to have an excessive amount of these "character defects" and the steps brought them back down to a normal level. It is completely normal and healthy to have a fear of something that will kill you like potentially a relapse. It is not normal to be so afraid that you don't ever leave your house. 
Individuals expressing their fears and anxieties is good in my opinion. My reservations about some meetings is that fear of relapse and the powerlessness of the disease get to much emphasis. Maybe that's exactly what some people need. It isn't what I need so when a meeting is frequently very fear based I find a different meeting.
I personally can't live in fear of a relapse. I have other things to worry about like family job finances and improving my golf game. I don't drink and its not an option for me just as I don't smoke do drugs or stick my finger in an electronic outlet. In life there just are certain things you don't do. This attitude has worked 3.5 years for me since the first day I set foot in AA. 
This is why I call myself a recovered alcoholic instead of a recovering alcoholic. I no longer fear alcohol. The mental obsession to drink has been removed and I know I never have to and never will take that first drink. I call myself recovered because I want newcomers to know there is a solution.
The AA Basic Text gives us directions on how to tell our story: our stories disclose in a GENERAL WAY what we USED TO BE LIKE (experience) WHAT HAPPENED ( strength) and WHAT WE ARE LIKE NOW (hope). ..One third about our drinking and two thirds about what happened getting sober and then living sober. If you read AA's Basic Text it is all about release from fear about recovery and about the joy of living. ..This whole fear-based psychobabble heard in the rooms today is the antithesis of the design for living in AA's Basic Text. It all comes from the treatment industry &amp; from other fellowships who use fear to keep members. ..There is no alcohol boogeyman hiding under the bed. No "disease" doing push-ups in the parking lot or hiding around the corner waiting to pounce. The beginning of the AA book states that it contains the story of how many thousands have recovered from alcoholism. ..Despite what you hear in the rooms or read in here relapse does not have to be part of recovery UNLESS you choose to pick up a drink. Continuous sobriety without the fear of relapse is possible and has happened to many. Don't let fear-based recovery ruin the amazing journey. 
I think you're giving a classic and clinical example of brain washing. Sounds like The Borg on Star trek where resistance is futile you will be assimilated. ..Dr. Bob talked about love and tolerance being AA's code. Sounds more intolerant cult than the AA the original founding members envisioned. 
People put their stories out there in hope that someone else will see something they can relate to and identify with. It's common that people don't think they are alcoholics and take a long time to really get the point that they are. 
I'm so glad that AA's Basic Text said the fact is that MOST alcoholics and not ALL alcoholics. ..People who have recovered from a bullet wound doesn't make them bulletproof. 
I have to look back on what Bob P. said at the 1986 General Service Conference about AA's greatest enemy and what may eventually destroy AA. That enemy would be rigidity. ..Bob used to be the General Manager at AA's General Service Office (GSO) and his story "AA Taught Him How To Handle Sobriety" is in the 3rd &amp; 4th Editions of AA's Basic Text. ..The rigidity of a fear-based recovery is the antithesis of  the Design for Living espoused in AA's Basic Text. Bob said that AA will falter and/or fail because it will be "we have too much fear and rigidity and not enough trust and common sense."..Another Bob Dr. Bob said let's not screw this thing up and that Love and Tolerance are AA's Code. My sponsor always said that an alcoholic can screw up a two car funeral. We done did it!..If you look at the facts about AA's membership growth in comparison to actual population growth since the 1970s it shows that in the real world AA's membership has greatly declined and not kept up with the ever growing number of Alcoholics over the past almost 50 years. In reality in comparison to population growth AA's membership has been greatly declining. ..The Responsibility Pledge read at many meetings says each of us are responsible for the hand of AA to always be there for future generations. Rigidity will ensure that Pledge won't be able to be kept by an ever decreasing number of AA members vs an ever increasing number of alcoholics. The Law of Diminishing Returns is already in play. ..To me the real fear here is not whether or not I have a choice to pick up a drink or the BS debate about what a Real alcoholic is or isn't. The fear for me is that a shrinking fear-based and rigid AA is greatly destroying a way of life that has saved my life and the lives of countless others. What I fear is that future generations of people like me alcoholics won't have AA to go to. At least not the AA as outlined in our Basic Text and envisioned by our founding members. ..And for that I AM RESPONSIBLE! 
I think you answered your own question. Let me write it a different way..."Living in fear is not good. I have a fear of relapse."..Since I do have a fear of relapse I'll add what I can add from my perspective:.."I'm not living in that fear. What action can I take today that is contrary to that fear? I can hit a meeting. Check in online. Ask for it to be removed and my attention be directed to what it should be at the present moment."..Having a generalized fear isn't unhealthy. Fear is a standard issue emotion in the human experience. What I do with that fear is important. Do i wallow in it? Do I let it drive my every action? Can I be present at work or with my family when that fear is pervading every thought?..What do I do instead? Write it down. Share it with someone. Ask for it to be removed. Then i can turn my attention to what I am to be instead of what I'm afraid of becoming....
Meetings are primarily for the newcomer. It might be their first meeting and they know nothing about alcoholism. That is why step 1 gets hammered home so heavily in the rooms. We have to stress how unmanageable our lives were and how we were completely powerless over alcohol...Until we tap into a Power greater than ourselves we are doomed to relapse...These stories are then usually followed by someone saying how they worked the steps and everything changed. They cleaned up their side of the street and connected with God (or whatever they call their Power)...That part might be brief because to be honest its almost indescribable what happens. Some people are better at explaining it than others. I struggle with that part and usually just refer to the newcomer doing the steps and experiencing it for themselves...Once you reach that point though (having gone through a set of steps) and you are maintaining your spiritual condition (working with others service etc...) then the fear of drinking really does go away. Just read P.85 of the Big Book to see what They say:..".We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it. We are not fighting it neither are we avoiding temptation. We feel as though we had been placed in a position of neutrality - safe and protected. We have not even sworn off. Instead the problem has been removed. It does not exist for us. We are neither cocky nor are we afraid. That is our experience. That is how we react so long as we keep in fit spiritual condition.."..
