-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/93u05h/im_struggling_with_my_alcohol_addiction/

So I've been abusing beer and progressively gotten worse since since last August. I was in a loveless marriage which came to an end when she left took everything including my dogs and car when I was in Florida for a week. I drank beer to numb the pain. Work was super stressful (restaurant manager) for quite a while and I would drink after work every night to deal with it. The pressure to clean a void apartment move into a new one furbish it and go to work 6 days a week was unbearably stressful. I started to drink beer before work 1 or 2 cans to tolerate it. Then I started drinking at work whenever something overwhelmed me..sometimes I'd be completely drunk at work and have to close it down. I lost that job last week and now I'm scrambling to find another to pay my rent. As I write this I am completely hung over with anxiety and churning stomach. I haven't hit rock bottom yet but I'm close. I'm not myself and keep hiding this horrible habit from everyone. I want to feel like me again and really enjoy my life. I'm reaching out and admitting I'm an alcoholic. I want my life back. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Have you looked for AA meetings near you? That would be a good first step. You can change and we can help.
A recipe that seems to work well is to go to 90 meetings in 90 days get a sponsor and start working the steps. .You might not be ready yet given that you say you haven't hit bottom. I had to live a year in a car to get willing to the above recipe.  It worked like a charm for me. 
I'm a former restaurant worker as well. Definitely a great industry for an alcoholic to drink every night fairly consequence free. Unfortunately rock bottom doesn't get anyone sober if it motivates you to do AA full out then yes but if rock bottom got people sober there would be no skid row. If fact I think once you get that low alcohol becomes the only reason to live and almost impossible to stop. .I did 20 years in the industry I had to drink on shift to calm my nerves and shaking trying to deliver a tray of martinis or shots hung over was impossible. I went to AA 10 years did the deal full out. Went back into the industry achieved the top position at the top hotel (f&amp;b manager of a massive hotel) got a wide kid dog house bank account and on and on and on..... I feel your pain I was there but remember this... You can get off the elevator at any floor you don't have to go all the way to the bottom...... AA not only saved my life it gave me a life beyond my wildest dreams... Hope you find your way.... 
What do you think about total abstinence just for today? 
My sponsor told me a story about a friend of his who said he hadn't hit rock bottom. The friend wouldn't go to AA because he hadn't hit a hard enough bottom. A week later he died driving drunk...that was his bottom. 
This can be your bottom you know. You don't have to let it get any worse.
Even the dogs??? Fkin ruthless bitch!..
The part about keeping it a secret reminded me of me. That was torture. The thing about AA is you are free and safe to tell all. And what a relief that can be!  Removes the burden. When you've had enough of this life you're living step into an AA meeting. Are you willing to do something differently?
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
