-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/948jts/anyone_attend_alanon_meetings_too/

I've been in the rooms for 10+ years and owe my whole life to AA - I know exactly what tools to use when dealing with myself but I'm currently struggling with dealing with my fianc  who is also in the rooms. ..He's been sober for years but has recently been slacking on his program and his "true alcoholic" behaviors/actions are coming out which are effecting me and our relationship. I spoke with an Al-Anon member who encouraged me to attend their meetings to get the support I desire. ..Wanted to hear some of your experiences with being the alcoholic in a room full of non-alcoholics and whether or not you found it helpful. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I have. And yes VERY helpful. It's hard for me to explain but let me sum it up by saying there's a lot we don't know. And it will open your eyes to new ways of dealing with things. I encourage you to give it a try. It's a program many people can use to benefit them in relationships and personal growth.
And you may find you're not the only alcoholic in the room! But it really doesn't enter the conversation anyway.
I attend both regularly. There's a lot of overlap in my area between the two. My sponsor is in both. Lots of people do both. Right now I am working al anon harder than aa because my wife is still drinking and I have to come to grips with the fact that she doesn't want to do sobriety with me. 
I read your comment again. I wanted to respond deeper to Re: the room full of non alcoholics - I find there is more overlap than you think. I would guess that 50% of al anons in my city are double winners. And there are people who do al anon exclusively and don't drink. It's not like you are the wolf in sheeps clothing. The people in there will love you whether you are alcoholic and they aren't or not. And they really try hard to focus on themselves in al anon not the alcoholic. And they teach treating alcoholic with love not judgement. 
I went to both AA and Alanon meetings and found it very helpful. My purpose in going to Alanon meetings was different than when I went to AA meetings. In both AA and Alanon I had much in common with others at the meetings. 
Yes I have attended many with my SO and I find them very humbling and useful.  I remember witnessing an Al-Anon breakdown into a quivering pile of emotions and wondering if my drinking could have caused similars problems for my ex-wife.  As a son and father of an alcoholic I qualify.
its a great idea!  youtube aa seven selves. ..CBT and emotional sobriety tips.
