-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/94uxju/sponsor_pressure/

I am 38 days sober (this time) and this is my 4th attempt at the program my 2nd REAL attempt. This is also my 2nd sponsor. First was super short lived as she and her boyfriend broke up in the beginning of our involvement and told me that she couldn't have a sponsor because she wasn't handling the breakup. Ok. ..Fast forward 2 years and I am tired of trying to do this thing alone. I KNOW I need help. I have my issues with the program but I am willing to oversee them and even to turn myself over to something greater than me. Even if I don't know what that is yet. Even if my higher power is just the fact that I am so insignificant in comparison to the vastness of the ocean and space. The Universe is so much more than my problems. ..Anyhow things have been going great with this current sponsor. We meet weekly I check in daily and we read and do work in the BB. I enjoy it. ..Or so I thought. ..I am struggling to get to meetings. In my short time sober I have gotten a new job. It is very demanding with difficult hours. I work 40+hours a week and I have 2 preschool-aged children. I have no car. I am off 2 days a week which are spent entirely attending to the needs of my family and household that I neglect the rest of the week. Shopping cleaning laundry (I have to take the bus to the laundromat with my kids). I am so unbelievably exhausted. ..However I am sober. I am doing the best that I possibly can. I am active in this and other subs for recovery. In fact the is the only thing I do in my very limited free time. ..This is very obviously not good enough according to my sponsor. I called to check in yesterday and she rudely interrupts me to say she has 5 mins (it had only been 5 mins) to say what she needs to say. She is never this pushy. So she asks how many meetings I have been to this week. I tell her the truth; NONE. She is well aware if my current circumstances. She proceeds to tell me she understands it is difficult but if I can't get to more meetings then "it won't work". It felt like a knife through my gut. ..I have been really really upset since this happened almost 24 hours ago. After she and I spoke (I was on the bus) I got off to walk to my job and there was a liquor store. How easy could it have been to take my defeated emotions and given in to them. I didn't. I didn't even consider it or want to. ..I did however feel all the insecure and inadequate emotions that led me to my abusive drinking in the past. I am feeling them now as I write this. I feel like I am not doing enough even though I am doing my best. I feel pressured. Ironically these are my biggest triggers. I had my first relapse dream this morning. It was so real and terrible.. ..I want to drop out of aa again at the very least drop this sponsor. What is the point? If I am not doing enough and what I am doing is earnestly my absolute best for right now what is the use? Thanks for hearing out this rant. I just feel pretty lost and am looking for guidance from people who may have experience with something similar. 
----------immediate responses--------

Dial up another in the program. Don't focus on what your sponsor said or did rather focus on your recovery
I don't rely on any human power to keep me sober. No matter how good a sponsor is they will never live up to my expectations and I will resent them which is super dangerous for me as an alcoholic..  I did the steps with the joe and Charlie big book study audio and worksheets. Study the book no where does it say to get some arrogant egotistical drunk or dope addict to run your life..... Far from it it says to take these steps and go find someone you can help... I tried all the he said she said bullshit in the rooms.... Then I finally just did exactly what the book said to do and I got sober. Any judgmental idiot comes up to me and tells me what to do I instantly ask them where it says that in the book??.... If it's not in the book I don't do it if it is in the book I do it to the very best of my ability!            
When AA started we didn't have meetings. We had one alcoholic working with another taking them through the steps and telling them to go out and do the same. ..Meetings are a wonderful part of our toolkit in the program but meetings alone wouldn't have kept me sober. The steps my connection to my higher power and contact with my sponsor has. ..I'm sorry you're experiencing this with your sponsor. I want to tell you that I am so incredibly impressed by you being able to take care of your family and doing all that without your own transportation. People don't realize how hard it is to not have a car. Forget something at the grocery store? You're fucked. Kid has to go to the doctor? That could be a couple bus transfers with a sick kiddo. Work schedule changes? You have to hope there is a bus route that accommodates. ..I would suggest you try to find another sponsor. Explain your situation to them and make sure they know you really are ready to do the work but have some restrictions with meetings. I've sponsored women who have had similar restrictions and I suggest additional reading and we spend more time together when we work steps. It's possible just needs some adjustments. There are people in the rooms who are willing to accommodate. 
Get another sponsor or don't have one at all. I don't have one. I don't need one. Whatever works for you. I would seriously at the very least tell your sponsor to take a hike. So many egos in this program. So many sponsors that have other motives past "trying to help".
The only person responsible for my sobriety is me. I may have a sponsor  but I'm responsible for my entire life. They may have an ideal map of how my plan of recovery should go down. I am responsible for my kids  bills  and all that other shit called my life. Balancing all of that with sobriety is not easy. If your sponsor dictates to you what to do like your den mother  tell her to take a hike and find a sponsor that remembers what it was really like in early sobriety when life sucked. There are women who will help you  not boss you around. You don't need that shit. Now I'm  an old guy but I know bullshit. You hold on tight there are women out there who will help you. 
You need meetings but it appears to me that you need help with your day-to-day life also. Given what you told us about your history in and out of the program I can't imagine how you could think that taking a drink would help matters. I suggest you look for some type of social program that could help you with your children. Or ask for some ideas from your sponsor and your group. I know pre-schoolers are a full-time job. Whatever you do please don't take a drink. This situation can only get better if you stay sober.
The following are facts not an opinion:...You're restless irritable and discontent. And we AA have solution; it's the stepwork described in the book. ..It's the 12 steps friend don't you see it? Work the program. In the answer is in the steps. ..Think about this: The stepwork has helped millions rid of the suffering you experience. You can't even help yourself with your own will. Stop working YOUR program and work the 12 step program that has helped millions.
Find another sponsor.  Being early in sobriety with an infant daughter was the hardest.  Had to ask for help / find a baby sitter so I could get to at least some meetings.   Are there any meetings in your area that also provide childcare?  ..A church in my area provides recovery meetings and dinner and childcare.  Anyway you can to get what you need...It may not help right now but they do grow up.  You are doing the right thing for your kids by showing them what sober parenting looks like.  Keep up the good work.
Doing things your way has produced unsatisfactory results. What she has done and continues to do has paid off for her...Choice between the two possible paths needs to be made by you. Her comment to you indicates there isn't a middle ground choice where you can do things a bit her way and a bit your way. She gets points for being direct...that's of value to you.
The B.B. doesn't say anything about how many meetings you ought to go to. Many of the clubs around the world have gotten side tracked by all these extra things  go to x amount of meetings don't date in the first year or else finish the steps in x amount of time...etc  My philosophy is that if it isn't in the book ignore it. Reading and doing what the book suggests worked for so many before we started adding all this ridiculous crap. Find a sponsor who is going to help you understand the big book and is actively living that out in their life. Your higher power will take care of you while you look for a new sponsor and for the rest of your life. They have taken care of you thus far and I don't see a reason why they would stop. 
That is an extreme example and not even remotely close to the original problem stated. It's easy to go to meetings and come up with reasons that someone isn't a good sponsor it isn't a good meeting etc. it take willingness honesty and openness to pick a sponsor they are all temporary and take direction. First question I ask all potential sponsees is  are you willing to take direction 
Keep doing what you're doing and work toward being able to be more involved.  The thinking behind this is that you can't stay sober without meetings and if you don't go to meetings you'll lose everything due to your disease.  The truth is you CAN stay sober as long as you have the willingness to do so followed by the action of not drinking.  Sure it would be better if you could get to more meetings but AA doesn't pay your bills your employer does.  AA doesn't give out cars when you decide to get sober so you'll have to earn enough money for one of those too.  My advice is to do the very best you can to build a good financial foundation while staying as plugged into the program as you can.  If your current sponsor won't understand this get a new one.  Try making some other friends in the program too and use them to bounce ideas off of.  The program is the STEPS which can be worked without ever setting foot in a meeting.  Maybe you can find someone willing to work the steps with you over the phone.  Lastly keep using internet resources.  You might try this YouTube channel too it's helped me a ton https://www.youtube.com/user/WeDoRecover12.  Remember this is YOUR sobriety program and life.  Good luck!!
To play devil's advocate your sponsor can only sponsor you out of her experience. If her experience is that at least 4 meetings a week work for her that's why she recommends that. Face to face meetings are extremely important but if that is impossible in the most literal meaning there are many speaker tapes to be found by just going to YouTube and searching  AA speakers . Also when I can't get to the number of meetings I go to in a week I double down in other areas such as prayer and meditation reading the BB calling people in the program to ask about their day etc. 
One thing that I always forget is that my sponsor is human too. Sometimes she has bad days once she told me of a time that she was struggling working with a sponsee because it was reminding her so much of herself she wasn't handling it correctly. That being said it might not be a good fit. I would take what you can from what she offered (are you going to any lengths? what can you do to get more recovery in your days right now?) and talk to her about where you are and if it is or is not a good fit anymore. I have to be careful myself though I have sometimes made the sponsor into the bad guy because she has said something I don't want to hear and then gone sponsor shopping. That usually led me to a drink. 
Hello and good job reaching out ...You have every right to feel upset.   You're carrying a huge load (I have two kids) and trying to stay sober.  ...I'm going to suggest you use this as a growing experience.  Your reaction to your sponsors advice is worthy of evaluation.  ...Firstly you did not like the tone she used with you.  It caused hurt and resentment.  And sent you spiraling into alcoholic thinking.  ...Is it possible she was having a stressful day and simply spoke sharply to you unfairly?  She's not perfect.   .And if so isn't the healthy course of action to forgive her and get on with your day?  Not internalize her stress on to yourself.  ....Secondly you and she have the same goal.  Getting you to meetings.  You're angry she didn't have empathy for your difficult schedule; but that's not her job. Her job is to help you learn to live sober.  ...Instead of getting upset with her why not see what can be done to allow you at least a meeting a week?  ...Can someone watch the kids for you one evening?   Have you asked anyone in your AA group for a lift to and fro?  Are their lunchtime meetings near your office?   Etc. ...You do have my empathy.  When mine where both in pre-school I was a walking zombie; thankfully there was a lunch meeting near my office. ...But at the same time your sponsor is right.  You must put your sobriety as number one priority. And not carving out a couple of hours a week to go to meetings is risky.  ...My recommendation is to speak your mind and tell your sponsor how you're feeling.  That in itself will be good for you.  ...And then take another hard look at your schedule.  If you're in central NJ I'll gladly drive you to a meeting. ...All the best.  ...
I am a few days less into my sobriety than you and only have a few f2f meetings in my pocket.  What I came across when I first decided to become sober has been awesome in helping me with my recovery.  I found an online AA community that does about 3 meetings a day plus has an active chat room for people who need or want to talk in between meetings.  Google online AA chat dischord. It's through the dischord app that you'll have to download.  I  was able to get a sponsor through it.  Check it out. 
I wish I could do more than just offer my digital support. Hang in there. 
**I FORGOT TO MENTION**..When my sponsor interrupted me I was telling her about how I wrote my step brother who is in rehab for alcohol a very inspiring letter telling him about the group that I go to where I met said sponsor. In this letter I was gently suggesting that we should go together. I was being in service. What a blow to my heart. 
Honestly I've had the same issues of not having time for meetings. It's part of the reason I had 2 relapses for around a year then six months. For me I've just had to make time and attend a minimum of 2 or ideally 3 a week. I know it's difficult with other things but I've always found that the meetings are integral to be able to keep me focused and surrounded by like minded people. Give your sponsor a chance though we all have bad days. I owe a lot to my previous sponsors and my current one!
Honestly I've had the same issues of not having time for meetings. It's part of the reason I had 2 relapses for around a year then six months. For me I've just had to make time and attend a minimum of 2 or ideally 3 a week. I know it's difficult with other things but I've always found that the meetings are integral to be able to keep me focused and surrounded by like minded people. Give your sponsor a chance though we all have bad days. I owe a lot to my previous sponsors and my current one!
I'll bet you know this but the pressuring comes from concern that you are heading for relapse - at least I'm willing to bet that's where she's coming from. This is an all too common story: after 1-2 years life gets good we get busy pull back from AA until we're totally out and some of us who do that will relapse. But sponsorship IMHO is about guidance through the steps primarily. Some sponsors take it upon themselves to  guide  other aspects of your recovery/life. While some sponsees welcome this others don't respond so well to it and it sounds like you are in the latter camp. Either take her help the way she knows how to give it or find a sponsor who is more compatible with the style of recovery you want to rock. And if what you want is friendship and accountability outside of meetings that can be done but it might take more effort to maintain those connections...Not everyone does the sponsorship for life thing. There is a longstanding school of thought that sponsorship essentially ends once you've gone through the steps to be replaced by a mutually supportive friendship (I think this is talked about in *Living Sober*; can someone correct me?).
I just want to say Congratulations on the 39 days as of today. ..I am in a similar boat as far as not being able to make meetings. I have a toddler and he seems to be the most out of control when I try to go to a meeting. Things that have worked for me at home are listening to AA speakers on an app I downloaded (AA Speakers Free) Praying &amp; meditating every morning nightly inventory talking to at least one other person a day (preferably in recovery service work (doing something for someone else doesn't have to be AA related) read the Big Book/Twelve and Twelve etc. Just use the tools outlined in the Big Book. ..As far as your sponsor goes....you CAN always fire them and get a new one. I do not suggest trying to work this program without one. ..If you need anything feel free to message me on here. :)
I get it. My sponsor is always on me to get to more meetings. I work 2 preschool kids etc...Working the program is paramount. If you can't get to face to face meetings there are meetings online. Like real time ones. I'd look into that. Intherooms.org is a good place to start. 
You know what you call an alcoholic who doesn't go to meetings? Drunk usually...
God bless you. I'm glad you're sober it's awesome. I've been sober for 6769 days and go to a meeting every day. ..Some of the most compassionate things I have had said to me were not what I agreed with or wanted to hear but were what I needed to hear. I am grateful for the men and women who had the courage to say them. ..You are correct the meetings aren't the program the book is. I'd also suggest you dig up rule 62!..Good luck I'm cheering for you. 
