-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/96ay3w/been_sober_a_while_struggling_with_my_fit_lately/

I've been struggling lately on my fit in AA. I've traveled a lot and moved a lot in sobriety (I've been sober 5+ years) but lately the places that I go to meetings in my area seem to be just for alcoholics. There are a few folks who have the other substance history that I do but not many. I find a deeper connection with the people that can chuckle when I tell the stories about my sick logic as it relates to both drugs *and* alcohol.   ...For me alcohol was always there. drugs came first but for me it was always whatever was in front of me that would get me loaded. I would try anything (at some point I prided myself on that) and it didn't matter what it was. Once it became legal for me to drink drinking was just always there. There were just so few times that I did just one substance. I would just do whatever was in front of me. I didn't have a problem feeling like I've fit into AA until I moved last year...But since moving to where I am now I've felt more and more out of place in AA. I've found 2 groups that I attend regularly and I'm limited by my schedule to get to others. And I have a long term (2 year) service commitment to one of them. I have a sponsor here that I really don't feel like I connect with well. He doesn't have the varied history that I do and I guess maybe I feel like he can't relate to me. ..Blah blah blah me me me blah blah blah blah me me blah...I say all this because I just want to share my experience. I'm feeling a bit sick today my meeting schedule is light this week (normally I hit 3+ but this week I might only get to 1) and I think maybe I'm just getting caught up in my 'ism.' ..That's my experience. Anyone got any strength and hope for me?
----------immediate responses--------

People change in their needs.  I help run the AA and NA meetings on my campus and sometimes people want a fit with older people sometimes they want a fit with a group of people who share similar interests.  I tell them that there is a cornucopia of meetings out their to fill their needs; they just have to shop around.  Have you tried some NA meetings?  
I can relate to this. When I moved to where we I am now I found AA here unsatisfying. I had to both learn to accept the difference and also find at least one group that had people I felt comfortable with. So both acceptance and change...Also I learned that two meetings a week is just enough to piss me off. For me it takes at least three. ..Hang in there!
So there's too many alcoholics in AA for you because you are an addict?  What you are experiencing is exactly what an alcoholic feels like when they go to an AA meeting full of addicts unfortunately the alcoholic can't go anywhere else where the addict can go to NA.... If you don't feel like you fit in and can't relate maybe you're in the wrong rooms. Identifying with others is one of the most important parts of 12 step recovery if it wasn't there would just be everything anonymous and the over eaters sex and gambling addicts anorexic bulimic etc could all get better together..... But that doesn't work the newcomer wouldn't identify he'd feel out of place and not be able to relate and he would leave and that would be the end of it all... I am an addict as well but I respect AA enough to keep my drug talk elsewhere I go to NA or CA if I want to relate to other addicts and talk about drugs. 
If you are in a big enough area I'd suggest sampling different meetings if you just aren't feeling it where you go. If your in a rural area without much choice in meetings I'd suggest trying to alter your disposition towards AA or find some other activities that are rewarding for you. I know some people suggest more meetings or more dedication when someone is experiencing burnout. ..My observation is that just forcing one's self isn't what fixes things. Time and patience with self and others could do the trick...Most people I know have experienced periodic burnout with the program. It often works out.
I am always wary of when my disease uses my own mind to isolate me from my recovery support cut me away from the pack where it can more easily kill me.
It seems when people move to a new area they frequently get caught up in "They don't do it here like they did it in XXXX."  ..I wonder if that's part of your struggle.
