-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/96zy7u/4_weeks_sober/

Following [a bad relapse](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/8zavpw/relapsed/) I am now proud to say I've got 4 weeks sober. The kind replies on that thread really pulled me through a tough spot. Particularly the question by u/TheLittlestBit: *What are you going to do differently this time*. A seemingly simple question but one that really touched the essence and one that I have been giving a lot of thought since...I have been faithfully attending AA meetings and I am on a waiting list for therapy. I have also read the Big Book and feel more confident than ever that I can do this. They mention that a relapse is not necessarily a bad thing as it shows you that you weren't doing enough yet. The realisation indeed hit me (I am hoping for real this time) that there is no wiggle room no room for negotiation. You either do the 12 steps or you should stop wasting your and everybody else's time...The one thing that I've been struggling with is the aspect of spirituality. But I am slowly closing in on some sense that there may be a higher power. Baby steps.....In the mean time I just try to keep in mind that I am (and always will be) just 1 sip away from another relapse. The price of freedom is eternal vigilance...Thanks everybody for picking me up 4 weeks ago!
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are back! After a few relapses I too focused on what I would do differently this time and there was plenty. I've had good success for 8 years now. ..If your struggle with spirituality has to do with belief in a supernatural deity type higher power it may comfort you to know that plenty of us thrive without that.
Having been sober over a year and a half after a catastrophic relapse I learned what has kept me sober today. ..AA and for me the number one reason... Knowing that I am an alcoholic. I kept testing the waters and repeatedly got viciously beaten down. That's why I love that line in the big book the lash of alcoholism. Once I realized I'm an alcoholic life got much easier. ..Not just simply stopping drinking but in every aspect. Spiritually mentally physically and financially. Everything the big book says is true. ..But once you really accept your an alcoholic you accept life good and bad and stop fighting the natural flow.
People sharing their relapses in meetings has kept me from going back out a good dozen times. I always remember them saying they relapsed after they stopped making meetings and it's harder to come back after you've gone out. Congrats on your journey and thank you for sharing it with us! 
Aren't all relapses bad
I am glad you made it back!..It is possible to get and stay sober without a higher power. Check out secularaa.org and you might be able to find a meeting near you to try. I actually had a hp when I got sober my explorations of spirituality led me to apatheism (don't know and don't care if god/hp exists. No longer necessary for my recovery and I absolutely understand why it is vital for others.) and to exploring secular meetings...
I look at it like this I'll do the steps in daily life example Hey I have a problem with my car  I need a person place or power greater than me to fix it. I list out the problems they tell me the cost I sign over my car. (They screw the cap on tight) There is fixing there is a cost for each problem. Then they tell me not to do these things under certain conditions when you do this don't do that..Respect your car have gratitude for it look over your day make sure you didn't miss one if I do make it right. I tell my friends and make myself useful to those with the same problem.  If I get the time in the morning or at night I'll try and dwell in gratitude. So you are right dwelling in and practicing this approach all day to the best ok  the best of my ability that often falls short. Practicing toward a better me I don't think is time lost. Spirituality is to me anyway is thinking through and doing the work. Striving to being better at patching up the resentments getting out of me and taking some control over my fearful flesh. People say 1 sip away and that is absolutely true but if there is such thing as a buffer there are 12 of them.  If you are actively working on your car it is less likely to fall into disrepair right? Likewise I turned the lights on in my life and quit saying I don't know why I always...this and that. Find out! I know if I get hungry lonely tired outta love I'm outta time.  I can go backwards through the steps too; build a list of probs think I can handle it myself until the unmanageablity of life becomes a power greater than myself.  So to sum up it is toward life or toward death every step forward can be two steps back sometimes but moving the needle just a bit toward more life and happiness in each moment is my goal.  One thing about relapse and that you called it "bad" There is this tendency to give currency to time sober there is value there but you still have a book know how to get to meetings have a protocol for yourself etc.  I think you can keep what you practice and practicing relapse can be problematic because it does get easier but practicing principles of a plan that addresses your personal reasons searching for solutions is spirituality. There shouldn't be a struggle unless there is something in your way preventing a quest for solutions and truth.  Sometimes there can be modern religious dogma or even someone local confusing what spiritual prayer and meditation means because for me they have to be detached from all of that it is an inside job and life is often about probabilities and outcome. Thinking things through thinking of ways to buttress sobriety and alcohol or whatever problem becomes less of a possibility over time. If you do anything different step back and see it is all "this time" "This time" is happening right now. Take it super seriously. Prolly way too much but there it is. Please let me know what I can do to help. 
Welcome back! Glad you're here
Congratulations on your four weeks   . For me at 2+ years sober I might also be one sip from a relapse. I call it my slippery slope. I'm not sure how steep it is but it is there so I keep back from the edge. It is called recovery for a reason. I found that it really does get better and easier. Best wishes. 
&amp;#x200B;..youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
