-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/971obp/45_days_sober_am_i_doing_it_right/

So I have been going to meetings and counting days for the last 6 weeks but have struggled to connect with people I have a few numbers but haven't been calling and no sponsor as of yet.  I'm worried that I'm not engaging enough and that the lack of connecting leaves me missing out. I have started to share more in meetings but what am I missing? 
----------immediate responses--------

Service work. I am extremely shy at first and have trouble reaching out. What finally worked for me was getting a home group and going every week in fact I had 4 or 5 meetings I went to every week when I was new. I would get there early and help set up and stay Kate and help clean up. This gave me something to do as I feel uncomfortable mingling and chatting and usually just run out the doors. It also allowed the other people to get to know me. So many people come and go from AA that you can get lost in the crowd but if you start to contribute to the meetings and help out others will come chat with you if they don't try other meetings.... I know everyone says go to meetings get a sponsor and phone numbers and call people that's easier for some than others I could never do it so I did service work to get connected and it worked great!! 
I was told early on that this one slogan  Think  Think  Think .. didn't apply to me. I was thinking to much are you sober  are you paying your bills  good. Glad you're sober  tomorrow will take care of itself. 
Calling is a bitch.  Most AA's struggle with the 500 lb phone - just too darned heavy to pick up.  For me it was a combo of not wanting to bother people and false pride  I can do this myself .  But overall it worked out and I have been sober over 13 years.   Over time I found AA's with like interests (dog rescue for example) and started working with them.  I joined some H&amp;I teams and visited prisons which I found interesting.  And I pushed myself to attend a lot of meetings and participate a bit.  I am not a joiner type and I am comfortable alone.  But recovery requires a  we ..
Congrats on your time! .I find when I get honest and vulnerable in a meeting (saying I am lonely scared etc) usually helps me connect with those who care. .Intense work with another alcoholic is what I rely on most often. Usually in the form of service work. .Calling is hard now. Even harder when we want to drink. So I try to practice now when I feel good so it's a muscle memory when I want to drink. 
Take it easy. Try not to worry. You are doing fine!  Ask someone to be a temporary sponsor til you find your permanent one. It's all going to be ok!!
The formula for success seems to be getting a sponsor.  That will help you connect.  You can get a service postition too try standing at the door greeting people as they arrive.
Give the program of AA a shot. Right now it sounds like your in AA but start doing AA and the fears self doubt and insecurities will get sorted out. I suggest signing up at a group to be your home group and ask for someone who sponsors newcomers with the 12 Steps. Have a spiritual awakening and return the favor to those interested. 
