-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/975fee/received_30_day_chip_today/

It is been a struggle but that's nothing new to the people here. It feels good to be sober and it feels lousy to be sober the disease wants to convince me I am better off drinking. In my head I know that but my gut wants me to believe that I should be drinking. Still there are many moments where I am glad I am not drunk.  May those moments increase.
----------immediate responses--------

that's good man. stick around.
I know the feeling... That stupid desire to drink was always there just wouldn't go away and no amount of meetings got it to go away either. Once I got involved with the program and did/do the steps the desire went away I haven't wanted a drink in many years in fact the thought of it disgusts me. I've worked as a bartender and wine/liquor  purchase agent (a few years sober) and no desire...... The AA program truly restored me to sanity (proper thinking)... Congrats on 30 days that's a huge accomplishment!! 
You did it! What an important Milestone. Keep up the hard work. Your life will get better and better. Granted it's not always easy but it's better than the alternative!
Congrats!! I keep my 30 day chip with me bring it to bed at night &amp; put it in front of the computer in the day. I hope you are so proud. Those days were hard-fought &amp; it really does get easier. &lt;3
That faded over time for me. Saw my alcoholic uncle on his death bed yesterday with cirrosis. I sure as hell don't want to end up like that. 
A full month sober is a real accomplishment and I know it's been difficult. So many people can't string together more than a few days at a time. Just stick with it. You'll have ups and down good days and bad but overall it will get easier.
Congratulations! And they will increase. The longer you go and the more you settle in to your new life -- embracing new healthy ways of thinking and interacting with the world dealing with stress finding healthy outlets for your energies getting reacquainted with the person you were before your addiction wreaked its havoc on your life and getting to know the cool awesome new person that you are going to be now that you've put the bottle down -- the easier each day is going to be and the more you will realize you aren't being "deprived" of anything at all you're gaining the greatest gifts you can give yourself which are sanity and a new lease on life!..Sending you all my best wishes and positive vibes and please post here and/or contact your sponsor if you find yourself starting to slip into what we call "stinkin' thinkin'." As they say every relapse starts before you take that first drink. Great job getting to this point!
