-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/979ir4/im_pregnant_it_came_as_a_surprise_and_had_a_few/

Please don't judge and if you have negative comments please keep scrolling. I'm already raw and emotional. .I was so good when we found out - I had one big relapse but then quit. Cold turkey. But bc the baby is a surprise and we just had one in December with a nearly 3 year old and a husband that travels for work we were discussing terminating. I had another relapse - the stress was too much and I'm an alcoholic. And decided that termination was best for our situation. I have no control over this beast called alcohol..But we then decided to take the chance and that things will be ok and keep the baby. I then tried to do it on my own with the help of my husband but had another 4-5 big relapses over the course of the pregnancy (I'm 19 weeks).I'm so concerned about the health of the baby. I've now committed to AA it's my life now. I have a sponsor that is kicking me into shape and opened up and told everything to my sister and mother in law. They were shocked as they never expected this but so understanding and supportive. I am being held to account by myself my family my sponsor AA and God..I'm a Christian so the decision to abort is so so so hard for me but I don't want to bring an unhealthy child into this world due to my disease and weakness. I'm also not sure how I'd cope mentally with a child that has been impacted because of me. But she might be healthy and then what? This thought is constantly on my mind..My husband is with me at the abortion clinic doing the first step which counseling. We have to decide by tomorrow whether we'll go ahead and terminate this baby...Please - have any women out there been in my situation and gone ahead with the pregnancy and had a healthy child?..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry alcoholism is causing such heartache and worry. Thanks for having the courage to post so honestly. Hoping you have peace with whatever decision you make. ..Have you talked with a doctor about this?
I'm sending you lots of love and hugs. I have not been in this situation but I know people who have and have gone on to have healthy children.  This is gonna be really difficult for you but whatever you decide tomorrow please know you're not a bad woman. You need to dig deep and love yourself just a tiny bit. A spark of compassion/grace can light bonfires inside. If you can't find that spark you can borrow a spark from me &amp; I'll hold that space for you. . Be honest with your sponsor.  ****hugs****     
   Do the best you can and do what is right in your gut. Good luck
Definitely talk to your doctor.   There's no guarantee anyone will have a healthy baby but I have a few doctors in my family and he fixed his pregnant wife a small drink after work every night after she got off work.  He said he  it takes quite a bit for a baby to be effected by drinking it's just you can't put a definite amount on when someone has gone too far so telling patients it's "ok" isn't right .  (Not trying to make you think drinking while pregnant is all in the clear or anything just it seems he was trying to say it's more of a gray area as far as how much it takes to have fetal alcohol syndrome for example)   I wish you the best and a lot of the major developments of the baby happen from this point on so stay strong and please don't be afraid to be open and honest with your doctor.   
 Thinking of you on this difficult day. 
How are you doing?
You and your family will be in my thoughts and prayers.  Alcoholism sucks and is often a life and death matter.  Best wishes for a healthy recovery.
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves.
