-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/97hd87/struggling/

Hey all.First time poster I'm 223 days sober n this last week or so I've been struggling with life. I feel everything's piling up n I feel like I'm just treading water to stay afloat. Today I really wanted a drink but went to a meeting instead and don't really feel any better. I know in an alcoholic n drinking is not an option for me but lately I've been feeling that its my only way to get through this shit. I'm praying n praying n I don't feel like it's helping which has help before. I'm just trying to not listen to what my head keeps telling me n trying to keep busy but I feel no matter what I do it's not passing n I'm tired of it. It's like a constant battle in my head n it's tiring n I'm exhausted. .Thanks for listen 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you done the steps?
I hide my post by accident how do I unhind it?
I struggle with life that's going to happen. The only through it  is through it. Meetings help  working the steps with a sponsor help  service work talking with another alcoholic the list goes on and on. Sounds to me like your disease is calling you. It happens get busy and kick it to the side line. Get your ass to a bunch of meetings talk your sponsor start doing service work at your home group. This isn't rocket science but it's really important. 
Oh how I understand! Something I've discovered that helps is to focus on the very very short-term. I have to train myself to think about what am I going to do for the next hour? And not look beyond that or thing beyond that. Take it in very small increments.
Also as far as praying it's important to remember that we can't dictate how quickly our HP hears our prayers. I find in my own experience that sometimes he will let me  marinate  in stuff longer that other times. I believe that this is so I can feel the situation to the full extent so I can pass this experience onto someone else going through a similar thing. 
Maybe it's time to talk to a professional counselor?  AA is a great group but sometimes the problems we have exceed AAs mission.  Depression and anxiety at high levels need professional evaluation.  Good luck!
I've been in recovery almost 5 years. This last month has been the hardest. Not that I want to drink but sometimes I don't see a reason not to. Those are the times that I get my ass to a meeting call another alcoholic say a prayer or go do some service work. ..I know that I cannot change the situation I am in regarding my family so I have to power through. ..I had 20+ dry years and 5 sober in recovery years. If my previous had been in recovery I'd have 30+ years today. ..With the love and support of a program that works we will get through whatever life throws at us. 
Throw your life a curve ball. To something you've never done or thought you'd do..Try yoga. Go rent a kayak for the day...Interrupt your rut. 
Hey fellow life struggler here. Why is it that you think a drink might make it better? You might be right but I'm just wondering what your thinking sounds like on that. 
No amount of meetings or praying ever kept me sober.... Or king the steps right out of the big book which means I was at step 12 within a couple of months (I did them a bit slower than they did in the book) and helping others is truly the solution. Bill and Bob and our founding members were out helping others almost instantly. I always see new people say I'm new I can't help anyone that's completely bullshit.... Bob helped Bill because Bill helped Bob.... I always tell my sponsees to find anyone that has less sobriety than you or better yet the brand new person and help them make them feel comfortable at meetings sit with them talk to them about other meetings to attend ask them to go for coffee help them find a sponsor drive them to meetings call them etc etc.... Also service work getting a service position working the phones at central office setting up and cleaning up for your group.... Alcoholism centers in the mind our biggest problem is self centeredness all we think about is ourselves and our problems. This continues to obsession level and I need up drinking to escape from self. Working with/helping others is the solution to this.... What I have always done over the past 9 years of my sobriety is to try and figure out what they did back in the 30s when they wrote the book. What did Bill W do to stay sober and that's what I did..... A lot of the advice people get I. The fellowship is completely opposite from what Bill and Bob did. They didn't take the first year to "work on themselves" they instantly like very next day started helping others. Going to hospitals etc to find people to work with
Do u mean like do something else?
Yeah everything's good I'm just not feeling it at the moment 
I can relate.  Hang on it's (and you're) worth it.
Thank u 
I'll do that that this weekend 
That's a good way to look at it thanks 
