-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/97luyu/could_anyone_who_struggle_with_drinking_share_how/

Hello. I have a mother who struggle a lot with drinking and she sits every evening and drinks wine and it seems like nothing us family say to her can convince her to stop. I find it very sad how she has ended up after the clock is around 6pm she is usually drunk.  She sends nasty messages and becomes like another complete person when drunk she has lost newly too one of her best friends. She says that she is better off without her but I really felt her old friend was a good influence on her and she also has knew her for over 20 years..She also has gotten a new boyfriend too who also drinks a lot and encourage her behavior. I don't really like him to be completely honest...Because of seeing her I have actually never tried any alcohol at all throughout my life so I don't understand the cravings and I wonder what are you even supposed to do about this and how is it to be dependent on alcohol?
----------immediate responses--------

It's painful and sad.  Alcohol traps us in a vicious cycle and only the alcoholic can break it...You must protect yourself.  Please visit r/alanon for help. 
How old are you? I would suggest checking out alanon or alateen if you're younger. .Alcoholism gravely effects those around the alcoholic as much or more so than themselves. Alanon is a huge help to my family 
See /r/Alanon. A support group for you.
It's kind of hard to explain in part because we don't understand addiction all that well. I get the impression people might experience cravings differently...It might make more sense or me to say why people are compelled to keep drinking...Sometimes it is to chase a feeling. When you first start drinking alcohol gives you a high. Your body feels tingly (in a pleasant way) you feel happy and so on. This is if you are *drunk.* If you are what they call *buzzed* which means just a drink or two you might have a body feeling but it's much milder and it is more feeling relaxed and less anxious. Alcoholics are people who get drunk and eventually that feeling becomes impossible to achieve. As your tolerance builds up it takes more and more alcohol to get that body high. Eventually it just becomes impossible. Trying to chase that feeling and wanting to feel that way was a big part of my early alcoholism...Another part of it is to drink to kind of "stabilize" things especially if you are a daily drinker. I'm not a scientist so take what I am saying with a grain of salt especially since this isn't totally understood. What I am about to say is very much "if I recall correctly." But basically when you take any intoxicating substance your body tries to counteract it to remain stable. I think in high school I heard someone use the term "anti drugs" in terms of things your body produces in response. But basically your brain reacts to the alcohol. With that said its not perfectly balanced in terms of timing. So parts of your brain that were being diminished by the alcohol which cause the calmness and decreased anxiety are not hyperactive because the attempts to balance the alcohol out are still going on. There's two neurotransmitter receptors GABA and glutamate that are kind of opposites. One is a relaxing neurotransmitters and the other is a stimulating one. Alcohol works on those (along with others) and so the brain produces an excess of the other to try and counteract alcohol's effect. I forget which one does which. ANYWAYS the fact the brain is still trying to counteract the alcohol is what causes hangovers in part (hangovers are also caused by dehydration and other things). So a hangover and *way more so* when you are an alcoholic comes with a lot of anxiety and depression and even physical things like shakes. Some people will drink to make those symptoms go away. When you drink long enough and hard enough it effects permanent changes to your brain chemistry and brain structure to this effect making that need for alcohol to be balanced even stronger...Some people use it as a psychological crutch to self-medicate for other problems in their life. If you do not address those issues they don't go away and so you continue to drink to escape them...But also part of it is that drinking can become second nature. So the compulsion to drink becomes unexplainable. In Alcoholics Anonymous  we talk about that a lot -- why we kept drinking when we knew we shouldn't or even wanted to stop and just not being able to understand why. So this is also an experience that cannot really be put in to words because you just kind of *do it* without thinking sometimes...My parents did not drink and I'm a young man without kids or a partner. As such I have no experience with AlAnon or AlaTeen. BUT I have seen lots of people have great luck with them and I agree with people telling you to check them out.
Have you ever had a recurring bad dream multiple times in the same night? And you keep thinking I'm not going to do this again but it keeps happening anyways. That's what active alcoholism is like for me. My telling it this way can seem matter of fact. It is sometimes the most negative of emotional experiences sometimes mostly emotionally dead...It sucks.
Try al-anon or ala-teen meetings google where meetings are around you they're likely very close it a group of people with family/close friends struggling just like your mom and they will tell you everything you need to know. You aren't alone! :) 
 AA meeting in morning AA meeting at night -- daily for 90 days...youtube aa doctors opinion. and youtube aa seven selves...for you - go to Al anon.
