-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/98k9re/the_struggle_is_real/

I'm waiting at the airport to board my flight home from a family event. Wedding. Open bar. ..What is bizarre is that I didn't drink at the wedding. I definitely had  several glasses of wine at the rehearsal then felt like shit the next morning. So I didn't drink at the wedding. I was tempted. But after I made it through that wedding without a drink I felt so good about myself. Only to drink with my family the very next day. Now I'm hung over shaky and livid with myself. ..I was able to do a 34 day stretch fell. Then a 76 day stretch. Fell. Then another 28 day stretch. Then ... Family trip. Full of triggers. (My family is the excuse i use for my drinking.) ..I hate myself right now. I feel terrible. Sick and shaky. I hate the voice in my head that allows me to drink. That  voice is powerful and permission giving. I hate that voice. ..Sober thoughts my friends. I'm stumbling. 
----------immediate responses--------

That voice sure is powerful. I can't overcome it without the support of other alcoholics who know what it's like. Have you ever gone to meetings at all? 
34 76 28 day stretches and you hate yourself? You're crushing it mate but you're looking at those stretches as failures but they're collections of successes. Every day you woke up and didn't drink was another win. ..You've shown that you can do it so just do it again and don't get down on yourself. 
I had to have many many failures like you describe before finally giving in and trying AA. I had counselors and therapists and medication and yoga and plans and charts. It all worked for a bit - until it didn't. ..AA isn't for everyone but it's worth experiencing. Nobody goes to AA the first time because they want to. They go because they're out of ideas. When you run out of ideas check out a meeting ;)
When you honestly want to quit drinking when you're out of options and you're out of excuses give AA a try. You might find like many of us that it will show you a way to not drink no matter what. You might find like many of us that your life will only get better. We all had the same struggle getting here. You only have to struggle as long as you want.
For me AA gives me the connection to people who totally really understand.....and THAT'S powerful.   
I know the feeling I did that for 10 years... Lots of 30 days dry a couple of months here and there a couple of treatment centers in and out of the fellowship tried sponsors and steps and  lots of meetings I was completely defeated and resign to just die an alcoholic death.... Except even that was too painful.....interesting when they read how it works from the big book "we stood at the turning point we asked his protection and care with complete abandon".... That's what happened for me I was either going to kill myself or drop to my knees and turn every aspect of myself over to "God"... I gave aa/God one last shot this time with everything I could I studied the big book for hours every day I lose to Joe and Charlie big book study and did EXACTLY what they did in the book/steps I went to a meeting or two everyday I prayed I helped others I got connected in AA with service positions and calling people and going for coffee. .That was 9 years ago and I haven't drank since.... .Of course you drank again that's what an alcoholic does don't beat yourself up just come back to AA and try harder..... The only real mistake you can make is to not come back!! So welcome back! 
At three and a half years sober I still don't know what the hell a trigger is. Someone sat down with me on day one and started working the steps with me and I was doing character inventory in the second week that's probably why I don't have to live with these triggers.
