-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/98o7w2/hope_for_the_hopeless_welcome_to_aa/

I use Alcohol was awesome for so many years it helped me be the person I thought I wanted to be I could talk to girls I could be funny and the life of the party I finally felt comfortable in a social setting and being around others. Before booze I always felt like I was on the outside looking in. For many years it worked. .Then it was fun with some problems then it was problems with some fun then it was just problems and I had to drink just to barely function. In the end I drank everyday usually at home alone by myself or one other drinking buddy I ended up in hospitals needing to be medically detoxed. I'd like to say I went to AA and my life got better but I couldn't get more than a month or two sober. Then multiple of the best treatment centers money could buy I drank the night I left with both... A hopeless alcoholic I was ready to kill myself as I couldn't go on.... I stood at the turning point I knew I was doomed I knew that me or any other person could not stop me from drinking I knew that no matter how much I wanted to stop the time would come where I would forget the pain and pick up a drink...... That's when I dropped to my knees and honestly completely gave myself to whatever "God may be I beg to save me and I would do anything and everything I needed to do.... I started going to 1 to 3 meetings a day I studied the big book and listened to the Joe and Charlie big book study audio they explained the program perfectly I missed so much that they explained. I started to do exactly what they did in the book exactly!.. I found out there is a lot of suggestions in the fellowship that actually are opposite of the program. I immediately helped others I volunteered at homeless shelters I drive people to meetings I was constantly thinking of how I could help others. I made AA my number one priority and got right in the middle of it. I did the 90 meetings in 90 days even though I hated meetings after ninety days I loved them! I made friends and it was awesome going to meetings everyone knew me and I was part of the group. I went to a meeting every day for the first 1.5 years not because I had to but because I wanted to. I felt relief from my desire to drink and I wanted to share the joy with others and help the brand new guy walking in the door introduce myself and sit with him to make him feel welcome. I made a bunch of friends started a whole new life. I sobered up with a backpack and a junker car on a crappy little apartment. I have had failures and successes since sobering up almost went bankrupt with a busivemture but I didn't drink I've had my dog die and close friends overdose and die I didn't drink. I was in and out of AA for 10 years before I sobered up... Today I have a wife kid and a dog with my own home and a successful business.... My life hasn't been perfect since I sobered uip far from it but I've managed to keep moving forward without picking up a drink.... Perseverance is everything it doesn't matter how many times you get knocked down on life the oh thing that matters is how many times you get up....... So if you're new or coming back or struggling just remember if a hopeless drunk like me can stop drinking.... Anyone can! AA isn't for those who need it it isn't for those who want it it isn't even for those who are willing it is for those who DO IT...... from the big book      
----------immediate responses--------

YES YES and YES....The Big Book doing the work...that's the solution. Love this post. 
Man congrats! Really...I wish I was like you and the others on here. ..I've found myself at meetings - but honestly I've been bored and it's just wasted time for me - and I couldn't not drink for a few days it's just....better? I dunno how to describe it. I feel complete with booze. ..I can't wrap my head around it why be sober when don't have to be? I just can't. left on my own I'll buy vodka I'll buy weed I just don't wanna be me anymore. ..I'm sorry I'm struggling how can anyone look in a mirror and not feel complete disgust?..I don't wanna be me. 
Yes and I dont claim that there's only one way but the BB was mine not to stop but to live happy joyous and free...when I do the work. When I dont I suffer. But I mostly come to reddit to remind me of the pain. It's so real. All the lies excuses bs and insanity just keeps me so aware of what I dont want to ever deal with again.
I'm feeling a bit hopeless today.
