-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/99vnb4/in_need_to_vent/

Hey... it's funny cause aa feels like I'm home. Even here. I was in rehab something we call "anexo" where they basically keep you locked and active all day long with kinda harsh treatment... to get detoxed for at least 3 months. How that happened has to do with my obnoxious angst and need for a drink. All along my teens I remember loving alcohol amd parties after my parents got me a little studio for myself I started doing coke heavily and daily drinking. Long story short: I got knocked up with a baby I still don't know how to handle. And my drinking problem got out of control after 9 mo of abstinence due to pregnancy. I started living with the dad and got a job but was always craving... one shot one swig... but it was never just one. I started going out on fenderbenders with "friends" dissapearing for weeks at a time. It had never been a problem until I got laid off. I mean it was a problem but one no one including me cared to address. I was getting violent at home with my so for many reasons mainly money job and shit not only while drinking but those were the worst. After those 3 months which were heaven/hell I really wanted to quit drinking but after three months two of which I stopped going to a group one day it burst. While alone woth my kid I left her alone to go buy some booze after that got shitfaced and blacked out. SO talked to me kindly. I said my sorries and the very next day got shitfaced again. Which wasnt taken very kindly from him. My mom got the news about my bender... from my bitch ass crying self. And now I can't stop craving more since I feel so preassured by the ton of shit that has been going on like an iceball since I've been away from my own life drinking also... lack of sex. It's a ticking timebomb I can't ignore the voice is getting louder specially at night when I'm alone sleeping in my parents livingroom and everyone is asleep. I got a window of two hours to get my booze and have a party... so I just smoke weed in the rooftop to calm my anxiety. At least untill it's time I take my head meds and feel kind of happy again...I am craving a drink badly and didn't know what else to do to not fuck up this time. Since my mom knew about my relapse she's threatened me with a whole year of rehab away from everything. Including my kid. I've been locked up for three months and I cant afford to go away a year. ..Why is this so fucking hard?? It's just a fucking brainless substance and it fucking owns me. Please. Help.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah it's really hard. I know. Have you gone to a meeting? That was the most important first step I took towards getting a chance at sober life.
What a hard you're going through it's not always easy to see why you should stay strong but it's gets clearer after beeing sober the second day in a row 
That sounds like you're going through a really rough time but the good news is that you've got Step One taken care of: "We admitted that we were powerless over alcohol - that our lives had become unmanageable."  That's the hardest most important thing you can do to start recovery.  I found that when I admitted I couldn't stop on my own went to a meeting and found a sponsor that I was able to interrupt the cycle of binging.  The twelve steps really are genius.  I found that by doing the things my sponsor told me to do I was able to get my life back together.  If you can get to a meeting let us know how it goes.
Hey maybe a short term treatment center (like a month) would help? I'm heading to one soon. I have had friends go and they say it really saved them.
