-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9au06d/coming_back_inagain/

30 year old female here. I grew up in an Upper Middle Class family in Texas. Extremely Christian home where drinking and drugs were never mentioned. I went to my first rehab bc my parents found out i randomly started smoking meth freshman year of college. Go figure had no clue that was a thing until the day I tried it. This is literally just a back story to my delusions thinking I was so different and am different at times than others in the rooms. ..30 now. Been in and out of rooms since I was 19...I had 15 months sober recently really got it this time. I was on YPAA committee I spoke at a Young People in AA conference I was doing the deal. I then started dating a guy in the program who was smart and successful had the same family background but was a heroin addict and he owned his own halfway house. So he relapsed and about 6 months after I started drinking...I got a new job at work (I work in Oil and Gas in the Land/Legal department) and the people party and party hard like my boss has my coworker keep her adderall and coke at work for him so he can pop one in if he ends up not going home after a long night out with brokers - so I used this as an excuse to party after my relapse thinking all is okay...Well - I spent months researching why people leave AA and how much I hated it. I was so burnt out after years of the same shit. The women are assholes if you're a pretty girl they say the will love you until you can love yourself but their own insecurities keep a lot of them pretty distant and off. I live in Houston so we have like 2500 meetings a week so not ALL of them are like that but the  popular  ones are. I literally began to hate the program and the people. ..I decided to change what I was doing - the desperation is back and I put my ego down and called friends I still had in the program who knew what had been going on. I guess I'm trying to figure out what is wrong with me? I see so much wrong with AA BUT i don't know of all the other ways out there that anything will truly help me be free again. I hate hate hate the saying that people didn't try hard enough and we're constitutionally incapable of being honest with themselves so that's why they don't stay sober. I know tons of people who desperately want to. I know this is all ramblings now but why do I so desperately feel the need to fight against everything I see wrong with the program and the people who emotionally abuse and use their power they believe they have in the rooms to do harm? ..So in saying all of that. Going to my first meeting in 5 months after my relapse. Trying to keep it simple. It's not. Lol
----------immediate responses--------

At least you know there's a solution in the rooms.   At least you're going back.  I've heard similar stories and I'm going through something similar myself.  Just need to rise above it follow the suggestions and stick with the winners.   I know its clich d but there's no other way. 
As someone who hasn't been to AA before but only subbed this sub ( ) because I made the decision for myself after I noticed I had a problem which it sounds like you did too (more than once) I don't know you but it sounds like you have serious resolve by how you wrote you feel about the institutionalization of sobriety makes me think that you'll do just fine. (If I understood what I read correctly I don't really understand again never been to AA) 
Do you have a desire to stop drinking?
If you live near Dallas or Austin I would suggest you try Primary Purpose Group. Best of luck 
Welcome back to the fellowship. Glad you're back. I have been going to AA for 12 years. It is awesome &amp; probably saved my life. That being said it is far from perfect. In my opinion there are a lot of bad AA meetings &amp; a lot of bad people in AA. It would say that 20% of meetings are good 20% are bad and 60% are mediocre. I'm not supposed to say that but I think it's true. It's your job to find the good meetings &amp; people. If your meeting isn't doing it for you find a new one or start a new one! ..I have one more very unpopular opinion to share. This whole thing involves a certain amount of luck. I have seen people work their ass off and really work the program and they still relapse and even die. It's tragic &amp; I can't explain it. I'm just grateful that I'm sober today. Most people in AA are quick to say that Mr X fell off the wagon because he didn't work the way program. Well that's often true but not always! ..PS: if you don't like the women in AA go find some gay guys in AA. We're more fun anyways! 
"I know this is all ramblings now but why do I so desperately feel the need to fight against everything I see wrong with the program and the people who emotionally abuse and use their power they believe they have in the rooms to do harm?"..There are some really messed up people in the program and many parrot what they hear because they want to seem important to others. ..It really bothers me how some sick people can get away with so much shit in and out of the program. I tell myself its none of my business I have to or else ill go even more crazy.
I think much of success in AA is dependent upon one's understanding of their Higher Power.  When I'm surrendered and doing God's will I find no time to dispute His plans or concern myself with others' shortcomings. It's terrifying sometimes to think about the scope of self abandonment that is required.  I truly believe that sobriety is a gift and a second chance granted to us by God.  We can't control others. See page 61 and 417. I'm sure you know all this. Just trying to help.  Glad you're back home.
I relate to this a lot. I too am 30 y/o female Texan yaddayadda. I've also spent some good time googling  quitting AA  have a hard time with the people politics of AA and working with so many different personalities. I dunno I just keep going back because the alternative hasn't been pretty and they say it at the end of every meeting so. .Anyway you aren't alone I relate to yr rambling (tho I didn't see it as such). .Good luck friend and I'll be in Houston this weekend who knows might just be the girl sitting next to you at a meeting 
If you arent subbed to r/stopdrinking I would do that. Personally I recently acheived my first year in over decade and I can honestly say I owe a lot to that sub. At 3am where I am there are still over 1k people in that sub right now. Its allowed me anonymity the ability to be honest the opportunity to recieve feedback in a well organized format that I can revisit and completely given me control over my sobriety. Once a while back I relapsed just one beer I literally stole and slammed immediately in the store. I was devastated ashamed and if I had to face someone with that and hear a lecture I would have been done. But I posted on a throwaway and came clean and what I got back actually fucking helped. No spotlight to steal no gatekeeping no judgement. Nobody will be directing you to your appropriate stage of recovery they just want you to feel better (and drink La Croix for some reason). I invite you not to drink with me today.
Welcome back. It seems to work a little longer than the period in which people remain active and inconvenienced. This time make a commitment to yourself that you'll call before you drink.
find same sex meetings - stick to em :)
