-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9b2non/how_to_help_my_friend/

Hi everyone I'm trying to figure out how to help my best friend who's struggling with alcoholism. ..Backstory: He's been working on being sober for about a year and a half was in a sober living house for a few months and got into AA and everything was going really well. After that he moved to the next state over for his job and lately he hasn't been doing very well. He relapsed a month ago got sober again and within the last week he's completely ghosting me no phone calls texts no response. In the last year since he's been working on his sobriety he only stops responding when he's back drinking. ..So I'm thinking he's drinking again and I can't get in touch with him to try to help. His phone is on so I think he can see my texts but I have no way of knowing whether he's listening to my voicemails. I've always tried to give him space when he needs it or be there when he needs it but I can't figure out how I can help more. Is there anything that I can do or say to help him now? I'm contemplating making the 5 hour drive to go see if he's ok but I don't know if it would hurt more than it would help. ..Any of your experiences with getting help from friends either positive or negative would be helpful. I'm at my wit's end trying to think of a way to help without being overbearing.  ..Apologies in advance if this is the wrong spot to post this if so please let me know where I should go instead. ..Thank you all for any input. 
----------immediate responses--------

Al-anon ..Good luck
I think Al Anon would be beneficial for this topic but coming from a recovering alcoholic who had a lot of people who tried to help me or save me from myself...it either made me angry or shameful I felt pressured to take steps to make people happy even though I didn't want to take certain steps etc. What helped me the most was when people stopped enabling me and loved my from a distance. By that time I realized it was truly me and unmanageable addiction with alcohol. Luckily your friend has a taste of recovery and AA.  A belly full of alcohol and head full of AA do not mix.  When I relapsed I was miserable because the program truly did change my life and I knew what I was doing was so wrong for me. I truly hope your friend finds his chair in AA once again. Pray for him and find some support for yourself. My brother is in active addiction and it's excruciating to watch but that's all I can do at this point. He has to want it for it to work. Much love and best of luck to you!
Here is my take:..The best thing you can do for your friend is to keep showing up to your meetings. Keep working the program. Continue to have a good life because of AA. Your friend might show up again and see you. Or maybe he won't. Practice the attraction part of the program. 
Let him work things out on his own.   He knows you're there and will reach out when he's ready.   In the meantime protect yourself... r/alanon 
The trouble with addiction is that is so totally unlike other maladies.  There is no cancer to cut out infection to destroy or bone to set.  It is entirely within ourselves.  If a lobotomy would cure me I would gladly submit to it.  .Your friend must fight the battle within himself.  So long as he is retreating from the battlefield of his mind there is nothing to be done.  Yet he has chosen to do battle before- even if he momentarily unsuccessful.  My advice is to leave the bridge of communication open.  Obviously he must meet you on the bridge but I personally would appreciate (and have appreciated) the relationship to not be severed entirely.  I do however  caution against the trip.  I would not have reacted well.  
I'm sorry but there isn't much you can do. Check out /r/Alanon a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. 
