-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ban7t/unmanageable/

I'm struggling with basic life skills and need some guidance. Really basic stuff. I can't summon the will for going to bed at a reasonable time getting up cleaning eating enough food drinking enough water studying and sometimes I can barely make myself pray &amp; do my daily readings which scares me because I need that ritual to stay sober. What if one day I can't summon the will to go to meetings? I think my problem might be running on self will and I need to hand this all over so I have started asking god to take it but any advice would be welcomed.
----------immediate responses--------

The most powerful thing I can do to stay sober is to look for opportunities to help others. It works when all else fails..."Ask Him in your morning meditation what you can do each day for the man who is still sick."
My home group tells newcomers: "Just keep coming to meetings until you want to come to meetings."..Third Step prayer and Seventh Step prayer helped me to set a routine and get on track in early recovery day by day. [https://www.aacleve.org/twelve-step-prayers/](https://www.aacleve.org/twelve-step-prayers/) . I'd just start off every morning by saying those two (in my own words) and then pausing to think what the next right step was for me...It's hard to give much practical advice for this kind of thing in an online forum but as far as a concrete suggestion I'd say share this challenge with your home group especially your sponsor and make sure they've got your number - then ask them to call you if you don't show up for a meeting. That might help you in terms of accountability. I did that when I was really early on and didn't trust myself to keep showing up. I didn't realize at the time that the program doesn't really work that way and that I've got to be accountable for my own sobriety but just knowing that I'd told some people "I'll be back tomorrow and please call me if I'm not" got me the motivation to stick to a regular meeting schedule...For me I've found that any time I say "I don't have the willpower to do X" then I've been approaching the situation from the wrong angle and trying to take more control over a situation than I can really expect. Whenever I have felt like going to a meeting was a chore or a waste of time or otherwise not something I wanted to do and then I went anyway - those meetings have usually been where I've heard a really good message or gotten some really strong encouragement. Funny how it seems to work out that way: doing what I *need* to do rather than what I *want* to do is pretty much always the best course of action.
Just keep going to meetings.  Also talk to your MD and tell him the truth about how you're feeling. Sometimes progress is slow and sometimes we move in the wrong direction for a space but if you go to meetings raise your hand identify as an alcoholic and tell the truth about how you feel you're better off than you were when you weren't.  And also be patient.  Time means This I Must Earn.  That sucks but sobriety is all about learning to deal with life without the emotional prop given us by self medicating and that sucks.  But over time you learn to take the punches.  And then you learn to duck.  Just take it one day at a time.  Oh and pray!
you sound like perfect fodder at an aa life coach. 
Thanks for sharing. You are helping others. Stay strong you can do this! We are here to support you. Keep reaching out. 
Hiya thanks for sharing. Honestly you are doing super! When I came in this last time I was totally wigged out. I had to start over and grabbing hold of the basics gave me a foundation. Make my bed. Check. Make my own breakfast. Check. Help at the club. Check. etc etc etc. Check. Check. Check. Going to meetings was not so much a task as an outing. I would go and I still go about half to an hour early and stay half to an hour after to just hang around sober people. Tell jokes. Shoot the breeze. Start to function in the world again. And honestly to watch how they are doing this thing...For me and this is just me ritual isn't a negative. Hell my using and drinking was such a ritual.  I used to drink at certain times. I used to buy my booze from different stores on different days at different times so no one would think I was a crazy alcoholic. Just the act of drinking or how I used to sneak the drink was such a ritual...When I took away drinking I had all these habits these rituals that were needing release. For me I knew that I would have to have a schedule for each day so that I could succeed in recovery and later in my career. But we have to remember we aren't androids. We are humans. Humans are going to have good days and bad days happy days and bla days. Those first months I would get bummed out about everything but luckily I made a few friends at my local club and I was smart enough to call them when I didn't feel right. Like you did here just typing about it or talking about it makes it a bit better...Anyway again thanks for posting. That's a really important part of everyone's recovery. Thanks for being honest and asking about it.
When that was me there was underlying depression. Have you been to the doctor to make sure it's not medical?
Anytime.  Good luck!
