-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9bk64f/dessert_with_alcohol/

Hey folks I'm researching and failing to see how much alcohol burned off the free dessert (strawberries and chocolate set on fire with 151) my wife and I received from Ruth's Chris for our anniversary. I was aware that alcohol was in.thendessert and ate half a strawberry since I thought I'd look ungracious to the waiter if I did not try to dish. Pretty dumb in retrospect. I did taste a bit of 151 on the aftertaste (gross) but it was not too distinct. The dish was on fire for maybe a minute before I consumed it and I had no triggers to consume alcohol after. ..Two questions: 1- Anyone know specifically how alcohol burns off of fruit (as opposed to pastries brueles etc.)? 2- for yourself and/or a sponsee would you consider this a relapse?..I've been sober since Christmas of 2016 and do the meetings/steps program with a sponsor.  I don't consider it a relapse but I consider it a lapse in judgement to be mindful of moving forward.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

I did something similar with baked Alaska. I forgot it's set on fire by booze (I'm not a chemistry whiz) took a bite and got a really strong taste of 151. Once I realized what it was I put my fork down. ..I also felt horrible about it and really beat myself.up for not realizing there was booze in it. Here's the deal tho- I didn't intentionally take a drink. Restaurants always tell you the booze all burns off and it rarely does. Now you know. I wouldn't reset your sobriety date over it. 
[this wiki page](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooking_with_alcohol) has a table about it. A lot more alcohol is retained than people expect. In my first 2 or 3 weeks of sobriety I ate a pie cooked with red wine was at a restaurant with my SO's extended family the staff told me it didn't contain any but I could taste it stupidly I didn't stop eating it but I was shit scared didn't set off the craving thank god but made me feel awful. Since then I won't eat anything with even trace amounts because it's just not worth it. Stupid mistake on my part but I didn't reset the date because it didn't affect me beyond making me panic. 
If you were deathly allergic to peanuts and the waiter gave you a peanut butter sandwich would you be worried about being "ungracious" to the waiter?  That seems like a super f'd up reason to take alcohol imo. . .I wouldn't call it a relapse anymore than using mouthwash but I would look at my thinking that led to that decision it seem to be dishonest thinking to me and that's the scary part moving forward.... Almost like taking whiskey with milk ;) 
1) talk to your sponsor about this ..2) who gives a shit about the waiter
I suspect most of the alcohol burned off but not all of it. I have no been perfect about the over the years but always look to avoid any alcohol in food.
To me its all about intent with regards to alcohol in food.  If i accidentally ingest alcohol who cares.  If i am knowingly going out of my way or conscientiously eating it that's where I would have to re evaluate my decision making paradigm...I probably got no clue what paradigm is but I am going to leave it there in attempts to look like a freaking genius. 
I eat beer battered stuff without issue. It's almost impossible that sufficient ethanol was left behind to intoxicate and if you only ate half a strawberry they could have served the damn things without any fire and you wouldn't have been intoxicated barring some rare defect in ethanol metabolism. ..I suppose that this is mainly a psychological comfort issue and/or fear that the taste will set off a craving - that is a matter of personal preference and what you are okay with. I once ate a cold fruit salad that had some Gran Marnier. I felt put on the spot by the person who made it so I ate a small serving to not be rude. I still regret I did that and if I had it to do over again I would have declined politely. But it didn't intoxicate me or set off a craving (truthfully I couldn't really taste the liqueur). I told my sponsor and she was just like  it's okay to say no in the future  and that was that. 
Not something I'd do to appear gracious to a waiter. I'd be willing to insult his mama and his haircut instead if that's what it took to avoid 
I look at it totally different than you.  IMO I would either eat it because I wanted to and knowing the alcohol content is basically nil or I wouldn't eat it even knowing the alcohol content is basically nil.  It has nothing to do with being gracious to the waiter.  1 chocolate covered strawberry wouldn't cause me to relapse but that's just me.
&gt; I thought I'd look ungracious to the waiter if I did not try the free dish. ..My sponsor reminds me that one of my character defects is trying to control what people think about me.  ..When I go to fancy restaurants I tell them I'm allergic to alcohol.  It's the truth. ..&amp;#x200B;
