-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9bs2vn/i_dont_want_to_miss_another_day/

Hi Ive been struggling with my drinking for a few years now I stop for a few days usually say 4 then I drink for two days sometimes not getting out of bed the second day just waking up to drink and falling back asleep. I had this pattern in my life and its now causing me to take the occasional day off work. I feel powerless and embarrassed to tell anyone as everyone thinks of me as "the strong one". I just want a normal life that doesn't focus on me think about my drinking all the time. Im sacred for my heath and my future and crying as I type this ...I don't want this life !
----------immediate responses--------

You can change this life if you wish. I would call AA and head to a meeting. It really is a new beginning!
Come to a meeting many of us have been exactly where you are including me.
Thanks you I have just found a meeting tonight and I'm going ...something has to change or im gonna be in this loop forever 
I couldn't stay sober without help. Sobriety is easy and more fun with a support system. AA meetings and a sponsor gave me the tools to build the sober happy life I have today. I hope the same for you.
I've been there.  Trying to moderate is exhausting and you know deep down it will never work again.  I swallowed my pride and checked myself into rehab.  My co-workers and family were extremely supportive.  You will be amazed at how good it feels physically and mentally to stop drinking and stay sober.  Go to meetings go to rehab or whatever it takes to break the cycle that gets you to pick up that first drink.  You deserve better.  Alcohol for people like you and me is not going to be fun ever again.   It's time to stop.   
You can do this! Check back with this let us know how the meeting went. Give yourself some time it's a big life change to stop drinking. It's great for the long run can be rough at times going through it.
No one has addressed the "strong one" aspect.  ..I spent a while in the military.  I gained rank and responsibility.  The isolation of that greatly exacerbated my alcoholism.  When you're in charge youre always ok-even when you're not...This persisted after the military and my misadventures that followed.  For me I consider my "Step One" to be saying "I'm not ok." That in and of itself takes guts.  
