-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9crqa2/my_best_friendroommate_has_relapsed/

He was sober for almost a year and we became really good friends 6 months ago through work and decided to get a place together. I think I'm in love with him (he doesn't know.) Three weeks ago the day we move in he brings me a surprise which was beer. I felt very uncomfortable as I've heard all the stories from when he was using and his OD experiences. Whatever. Next day passes he's drinking again so I decide I'll drink too. 21 days later we've been drinking every single day together getting pretty shit-faced at home all hours of the day. I didn't drink often living alone but now that I'm around someone who is drinking every day I do too. ..He said it'd just be alcohol. Within a week it led to weed and coke. He said it's either be sober and want to die every day with depression or have an out and not want to kill himself...I don't want my best friend to die. Every day I'm scared I'll find him after he's overdosed. Am I being an enabler drinking with him? He's going to drink regardless. He stopped going to AA meetings. 
----------immediate responses--------

Question. Why do you suppose you are attracted to that?  There is the real problem. Figure that. 
It's not going to get better.  The speed with which the switch was thrown to add the weed and coke doesn't bode well for the future.  I don't know what to say other than from seeing people in my life relapse that hard and with intention its not going to be pretty.  And unfortunately  there isn't much you can do to stop him until he wants to or unfortunately ODs again...I'm sorry that you are in this situation  and I hope you can find some more support.  The key is to not blame yourself.  He chose you followed out of caring feelings and perhaps whatever issues this brought up for you.  Sounds like he has some depression that is not being treated. ..I hope things turn out okay but prepare for a rough time. 
Whether he drink drugs od's  or gets sober is entirely up to him. If he wasn't getting loaded with you he'd be doing it with someone else or alone... . .If you want to get sober go to a AA meeting.. .If you want to fix him go to a Alanon meeting. .
My experience tells me to look deeper. That's all. I would be looking at the attraction.  Sounds like he was dry and not sober. Just an anonymous observation. None of my business. Good luck
