-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9cv22y/day_27_and_my_life_is_a_mess/

I'm sleeping a ton having trouble working/finding work finally walking up to all my financial problems  and isolating BIG TIME (can't seem to stop). I go to meetings have a sponsor and am on step 3 but feel scared and hopeless and like a loser. ..What did you guys do to work yourself out of the hole you dug over years of drinking? I don't want to drink...that's not the issue. I just don't know how to live and am frozen!..Please don't just tell me to talk to my sponsor. I am talking to her but really struggling to open up. I suck at even the most basic of relationships. I am full of fear and apprehension.
----------immediate responses--------

If you're on day 27 and still on step 3 I'd get another sponsor. There are promises in the book. It's been my experience that those promises come true with doing the work. Idk where we got to this dragging people through the steps but you need someone who knows what they're talking about to get you through the work so you can start feeling better! It takes time to clean up our past we didn't get sick overnight and won't get better overnight either. That being said you shouldn't still be prey to misery and depression. If that were the case AA would've failed by now. I'm not talking shit about your sponsor but it sounds to me like they're failing you. 
Take it one day at a time. Realizing the damage we caused is quite the system shock but it's the past. You can't change it. ..I'm going to say it anyway. You need to talk your sponsor and be honest. Or talk to another alcoholic with some time and be honest with them  A lack of honestly is part of this alcoholic's disease. The things that make me uncomfortable are the things I need to do most. ..And if you're having trouble with the third step go back and work the second step more. Read the book. Read the twelve and twelve. ..You can do this with help of your higher power. 
Hang in there; it gets better. The best thing to do is focus on your sobriety and the rest will fall into place. I suggest you speak to your sponsor about starting your 4th step. Work with other alcoholics and do service work. Stay busy and focused on your sobriety; that is the most important thing right now! 
You're doing it working the steps with a sponsor and going to meetings.  I'd suggest picking up a service commitment like greeter or coffee maker.  .There is a speaker I like who says if you quit drinking and your life immediately gets better you're  probably not an alcoholic.  In my case it got worse at first since I lost my go to solution however proematic it was.  But in time and with the work  it got better way better. .I've heard it compared to riding in a car and picking up of crap along the way and piling it in the back. Hit the brakes and all the crap comes flying up and hits you.  That sucks but the sooner you hit the brakes the smaller the pile of crap. .Don't quit 5 minutes before the miracle.  
It's seriously a challenge to get sober. What your going through is part of the reason many people say they don't know if they have another sobriety in them. I'm glad you don't want to drink again because as you probably have realized a drink won't make it any better of a situation. ..My experience is taking it one day at a time just the 24-hours ahead and keep working the steps. Right now is all we have and the steps will help with much of the fear and angst. Honestly I just remember that after a few months of focusing on the day as best as I could trusting my sponsor the steps and the process things began to turn around. It takes time and this isn't an overnight affair. As long as my life wasn't threatened and I didn't take a drink I seriously won. Everything else worked out over time. 
You're early days. It takes time. I'm pretty early days too but I can't tell you how different I felt at 60 days to 30 days. A world of difference. In the meantime pray meditate read the big book do service find someone with less time than you and help them. Trust that it will get better because it will. If you do the step work you will feel better. The rest happens on its own.
First thing I would say is don't panic. You are doing something really hard and important right now getting sober. Your brain and body are right in a difficult phase of recovery. You need to concentrate on the steps and maybe see if you can try meditating. I always rate a good walk in the fresh air preferably somewhere quiet and/or green or near water. ..Don't think how you feel now will last forever. Don't give yourself a timetable to do things you find difficult. An important part of the steps is learning to surrender your will and trust that healing will come. ..You don't especially have to be a believer if you aren't one - I did the steps without a religious faith. But you need to relax and trust something outside yourself - the group the process the power of life itself. If you believe in God then good - pray and trust God. You will find some peace and then you can start getting strong and begin making the connections you hope for. ..I think you would really benefit from reading one of the books by Dr. David Burns. He writes guides to using CBT techniques to help with things like anxiety depression or panic. The main one is called Feeling Good. I found it really helped. ..Please rest assured you will get through this and come out better. Myself I drank because I found life hard to deal with. When you stop drinking you have to learn to not drink but also how to deal with life. That's hard and takes time. Takes all of life really. But you can learn how to feel well how to live and know your own worth as a person. I'm sure you will. I send internet hugs and IWNDWYT. 
Hey man. I'm on day 400 or so and I can tell you it gets better. However bad it seems just know that a drink ain't gonna make it better. Running away isn't going to make it better either. Facing it and maturing through it is the only way through it. ..I'm facing my own consequences even after a year new ones are coming up. And it sucks. It still sucks when it happens. But then I have to remember that I can face it one day at a time. .
In my first few months I considered myself as having barely missed death and in recovery from a deadly illness.  Which was true.  I'm learning how to be kind to myself for the maybe the first time ever and it's weird and wonderful! ..Part of the spiritual awakening comes after step 5 some of the promises start to come true.  You're on your way!
 Write everything down. Bills medical needs auto maintenance house chores etc...Then work your lists. I felt the exact same way but checking things off the list is therapeutic. Hope I'm not trampling over any AA practices but just sharing what works/ worked for me. ..Best wishes!
Find something to immerse yourself in whether it's working out or cooking or whatever..Something productive with a clear goal in site. 
&gt;What did you guys do to work yourself out of the hole you dug over years of drinking?  ..Years of recovery.   .We do a lot of damage while out there. It will take a lot of work to fix it.  ..&gt;I just don't know how to live and am frozen!   ..That is common we use alcohol as THE tool to get through life. The rest of our tool set is missing atrophied or we have no idea how to use them. You nailed it though You do not know how to live. Sounds like you step oned that one.    ..&gt;I suck at even the most basic of relationships. I am full of fear and apprehension.  ..Yes.    ..I know you are feeling like shit feeling like a looser feeling like you can't do shit.    ..It is not just a feeling. We have done great damage your feelings about where you are in life and what you are currently cappable of are ... sadly correct.  ..Good news though. Since you are not capable of complicated shit at all. You can focus on the little shit. One day at a time is not a neat thing to say. It is an admission that for a great number of us there are many times when it is all we are capable of.   ..&gt;Please don't just tell me to talk to my sponsor. I am talking to her but really struggling to open up.  ..Talk to your sponsor. :)   ..Yes most of us struggle there. Being completely honest with another human being is not something most people are ever capable of. It is fucking hard and you WILL suck at it. You will not perfect it ever but by putting it into action it will get better.      ..
One day at a time. If you have to break it down to one hourminute second at a time then do that. I experienced the same thing and it took an old timer pointing out the fact that in that moment I was fed had a rough over my head ok health wise and SOBER! He was right and sometimes it takes others helping us to put things into perspective. 
We didn't get drunk over night we're not gonna get well overnight 
In the step 9 promises they say.."sometimes quickly sometimes slowly they will always materialize if we work for them"..Those promises happen once we get half way through that step I can assure you those promises are very real. .You didn't get yourself in the position you're in in 27 days so it's going to take more than 27 days to get out of it. It's tough but life doesn't just instantly get better because we stop drinking. We need to clear away the wreckage of our past and develop a relationship with our HP... .Keep on your path everything will work out exactly as it's supposed to
Time is a great healer if you let it. I've spent a decade in the rooms and still feel funny in there sometimes. Ultimately the single best decision I ever made though. The promises do come true and it does get better. 
Go be of service. I go to homeless shelter and volunteer. Quickly I realize how insignificant my problems are. 
Take one thing at a time. Easy does it. But DO it. 11 months from now you are gonna be amazed by how low you were and how much you have gotten better. That promise is contingent upon your working your program...If you are unwilling to talk to your sponsor get a new one. If you are unwilling to do what it takes to get sober don't be surprised when you don't get better. Speaking from my personal experience if I'm not willing I'm not sober.
