-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ea16i/can_you_guys_please_weigh_in_about_kratom_is_it_a/


----------immediate responses--------

are you attending for alcohol? it's not a relapse.
I can not weigh in as AA is primarily about alcohol consumption.  I don't know anything about Kratom.  I wouldn't be surprised to here there are plenty of people in AA that think it's fine just like there are plenty of people who think marijuana is fine...But for myself if I needed to turn to a substance that people use recreationally I'd seriously be questioning what was going on with my recovery. ..I've had the debate with people about marijuana and the proponents point to my caffeine and nicotine use and say  those are no different than pot.  My response is pretty much  yes they are and you know it.   Basically nobody is using nicotine or caffeine to have fun or to escape reality...I don't know if that's what kratom is or not. Since it's used recreationally I'm inclined to believe that it's a form of intoxication and thus I'd avoid.  If I was unable to avoid I'd be questioning the strength of my recovery.  
That's for you to figure out... Read "medications and other drugs" pamphlet on AA.org for the facts rather than opinions you will get here and in the rooms. I know people who take Marijuana some I consider sober others I don't but personally I don't give a shit we don't drink in AA.  .I know since AA got invaded by drug addicts there is this a drug is a drug attitude but the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking..... That's it. .Coffee is a drug..Nicotine is a drug. .Ssri's /antidepressants are a drug. .Pain pills are a drug. .Lsd is a drug and our co-founder experimented with that and didn't reset his sobriety date. . .To thine own self be true.  Read the literature and be HONEST with yourself about your motivations to take kratom. Kratom is a great alternative medicine but it is exactly that a medicine and a powerful one at that. Read the literature you'll figure it out. .
Kratom led to relapse for me. 
I would consider it a relapse for me but what you think matters most.
The correct answer is already here AA is about alcohol.  That being said I know of someone who died from that shit.  Its not just an herbal supplement.  Personally I wouldn't count it as a relapse but I wouldn't do it again either.  
Was it prescribed to you by a doctor? Are you using Kratom to relieve yourself from the symptoms of life/escape/emotional release?   If you answer no to the first question and you answer yes to the second it's probably a relapse.  You really should talk to your sponsor about it.  
And don't feel like it's  bleak ! You are still doing the next right thing and though I know it's disappointing to you that just a few weeks ago everything was great I see it as hopeful that you will get right back there again. And I appreciate your input so much 
