-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9f1046/why_am_i_in_a_247_alcohol_withdrawal_its_been/

The fog since my relapse has been slowly going away but sorta still there and I have a constant headache and I just feel so out of it. I wish I would have been stronger and never drank because for the last almost 4 months I have been in bad shape and my brain isn't bouncing back like it always did when I would relapse. I have had CT and MRI and blood check and everything is normal. Why is it taking so long for me to feel normal again? 
----------immediate responses--------

You keep asking this question over and over.  Are you going to meetings?  Have you spoken honestly with your doctor?  Do you have a sponsor?  Are you working the steps to the best of your ability?  We can't answer your question accurately because everyone is different.  The best answer is to get down to accepting that we can change and get better.  ..It takes as much or (in many cases) more time and energy to recover as it did to be an active alcoholic.  I find if I'm spinning myself into a frenzy over something then everything in my life gets neglected.  It took a long time to finally recover for myself through honesty and humility.   AA will always have your back friend but it does take hard work.
Ok but this headache in the back of my head is driving me crazy. The fog is 99% gone but my head has had a headache or pressure lasting for months now. So maybe the fog leaves then the headache leaves and I am back to feeling good again. This is just so rough. 
You fail to mention your age.  I first got sober at age 34 - had a few difficult days but not really bad.  I stayed sober for 17 years.  I was a periodic binge drinker - often long periods between but I could do damage on the binges.  I was older wealthy and in a foreign land and I drank again - same pattern.   After 10 years of that my heart started having problems and I suffered more after binges.  I quit 13 years ago hopefully for good.  It took a lot longer to get feeling normal  when I quit at 62 than it did at 34.  Age changes things...I never stopped a routine of moderate exercise through all of this.  I think that practice has really helped me - and I do enjoy it...
Have you got a sponsor and started the steps?  That's what treats alcoholism. 
Yes I have been dealing with alcohol since  2007. I got sober in 2011 but I was foolish and moved to a new state and I was relapsing/binge drinking every weekend for a year or so then I started binge drinking ever 2-4 months up until my last relapse in May of this year. All my relapses and binges were for 1 day of 20 plus beers then I would stop and feel like crap for 2-3 days then by day 4 back and normal and ready to have fun and live life. But in May of 2018 this relapse hurt my brain bad and I woke up in a complete head full of fog and felt weird and out of place like a fake feeling but I wasn't scared cuz I thought it was going to be the same ole 2-3 day hangover pattern but it wasn't. The brain fog never left the headache never left my anxiety rose to extreme levels I freaked out and didn't sleep for 5 days I thought I was going crazy then I checked myself into a crazy house where they gave me seroquel for some reason which made me worse then I was released after 8 days and went home still feeling the extreme brain fog and anxiety and couldn't sleep it was crazy. I was like what the heck happened. This happened about 95 days ago but I have noticed the brain fog has almost completely lifted now but I still have a weird headache thing going on but I have made some progress so I am hoping the brain fog goes then the headache goes then my brain chemistry levels out and then I am back. I also had blood work down CT and MRI and everything is ok. So I guess this last relapse did me in and now I am paying for it. I was told to be patient and let my body do its thing. I just want it to hurry up so I can feel normal again. 
Google "Kindling" 
It sounds like you have a bad concussion. ..Do you tend to fall a lot when drinking?..Because this would explain the headaches and fog for many months...I suffered a concussion from drinking/falling a few years ago. The concussion lasted 6 months before I felt  normal ...And yes I did the scans at the hospital and they said I was fine...Try your best to remember if you fell many months ago.
