-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9f539a/im_a_glamorous_television_drunk/

Or at least that's my late night mind set. It must have come from years of watching content glamorizing the wasted. I'm sure much of it came from a family and friend dynamic of  the world is ours  and  unnecessary drunk fun purchases  when intoxicated. Drinking even when causing pain- especially when causing pain- has always been an indulgence...I have been drinking alone for as long as I have been drinking. It was always so taboo and troubling... somewhere along the line it became almost erotic. Without consciously realizing it I was envisioning as myself as a television drunk in the grips of madness who was about to make a character change into a struggling but successful person in recovery...This feeling always fades when I am sober again. I wake up most morning racked with guilt shame usually nausea. I tell myself no more. I know the answer is back in recovery but my sober mind cannot idealize this like my drunk mind can (even though my sober self was the only one who truly felt the splendor of sober times.)..When I'm in my mind I have so much to live for. When I am using that's the only time I want to live for what I have.
----------immediate responses--------

Try going to some AA meeting to get your sober mind in line. There are online resources in the sidebar if you don't want to attend meetings in person. However if you think your situation is bad enough or you want to "kick start" your recovery rehab is always an option just be careful. I've seen and been to a few truely awful ones before I found one where people actually cared.. .The good news is you have a desire to be sober and that's the most important piece of the puzzle. If theres anything I can do to help hit me up
Shitting my pants took a lot of the glamour out for me.  
"Back in recovery...".   I'm assuming you've at least had an introduction to the rooms.  Often I hear how difficult it can be to get back.  You've reached out here reach out a little more.  Contact the phone office they'll send someone to take you to a meeting.  
Having alcohol drag me through the day at will was not glamorous. ..I hope you will get in your "right mind" [not your left] and take the necessary steps to get well. I needed the help of a therapist and AA. There is help if you want it. Do you? 
Yep pure insanity if you're like me. Sounds like it. I finally had to admit that I had no solution and to stop looking to myself for the way out. If there was a solution to my alcoholism it was something outside of myself. I hung out in AA until I at first wondered if I did what those happy sober people were doing would work for me. Then I discovered that I already had Came to believe that a power greater than me could restore me to sanity.
My sponsor liked to pretend he was a standup comic and gave his act to his mirror when he was drunk. A fellow I'm close to believed he was a werewolf when blacked out and that's why he woke up mornings in empty fields with no memory...The fantasy life looses it's appeal when we're up to engaging with reality.
