-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9fajz0/i_just_want_this_to_level_out_already/

Man! I am feeling sorta better but this relapse hurt me bad. My head has a headache type thing going on which I am feeling kinda off and dizzy. I definitely under estimated what alcohol could do to you. I am having no urges and I never ever want to drink again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. Problem solved unless it turns out not to be. Hope you'll get involved furthering your recovery instead of coasting on a forgettable hangover.
Yes. My relapse/binge episode I hurt myself. I believe I had alcohol related brain damage and my brain was screwed up. It is reversible with abstinence and may take 6 months or more for me to recover! This has been a crazy experience and I promise I will never drink again! I'am just going to take it easy and take it one day at a time. 
I think you need to see another doctor or two because it's not normal to have a headache for multiple months...Maybe you should explore alternate explanations for what's causing your problems instead of just assuming the relapse was the cause. I know your mri and everything came back normal but I just feel like there might be answers out there if you keep pressing your doctors about it. There are lots of causes for headaches. Have you been treated for any of them?
Never had headaches ever. What I am dealing with is not a headache it's like one but hard to explain. I believe I drank way way way to much and caused alcohol related brain impairment and messed up my brain cognitive area and that messes with memory and causes visuospatial. I am getting better and slowly recovering but it's just taking time and could last 6 months or more until I recover so this relapse I really hurt myself! I am done! No more alcohol for this guy! 
I am saying sober! Each day I am getting better. It's just taking time and I am ok with that. This last binge definitely hurt me and now I just have to wait it out. 
Yes. But what I am feeling is physical. My vision is off kinda like I don't have clarity and I have baby headache things that move around my head. I feel normal but it's like there's a vail over my eyes. I am staying sober and waiting to return to clarity.
