-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9fjmug/need_advice_on_keeping_my_program_strong/

Hi guys I'm very new to this sub and fairly new to sobriety (11 months.)  I have been struggling the last few weeks and I wanted to see if anyone here had experienced something similar and maybe had strength and hope to share... I am currently tapering off of a medication that I've been on for a while and it is affecting me physically. It's causing me to be overly tired and in general a little more emotional. I am trying as hard as I can to continue working my program as I previously was but I find that my motivation is lacking and my program is suffering.. Does anyone have advice for how I can get some motivation back without stopping the taper or if you experienced something similar what did you do or keep in mind that helped you? ..Thank you for reading and thank you for being part of my recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

I suggest acceptance and patience be easy on yourself.  You are dealing with an illness in transition.  Meditation not rumination.  Keep your medical team informed.  Pray about the next right action which might be a nap or something simple like taking a shower. 
What do you mean by suffering? Not making as many meetings? If so don't worry about it. AA is not about staying chained to meetings. It's about learning a new way of living based on honesty connection generosity forgiveness openness etc.  ..Do what you can stay connected with others and you can always pick up your program again when you start to feel better. Go easy on yourself. 
Assuming you've done the steps find a newcomer to take through the steps.  .If you haven't done the steps do the steps. 
I'm still in the trenches and believe it or not these posts are motivating 
I hope your doctor is monitoring and approving this tapering off of medication.
I made adjustments to my medications over two months ago. And was very emotional it sucked for a little. I went to meetings shared about it with my sponsor and I continued to talk about it and work the steps. This too shall pass. Trust me it will get better I've been through it and I don't wanna pick up a drink.
What I've noticed being involved in a large sober house with people on medications is that you have to keep yourself motivated with your program regardless of your conditions. A lot of the guys here get on meds and slowly drift away from the program. If you feel that the effects of your medication taper are basically physical and not a mere byproduct of your mental state then you might need some outside help. A.A. isn't necessarily designed to deal with some mental or physical issues that surround our drinking. That is a decision you have to make. Maybe you know yourself well enough to know that you can deal with these issues on your own. It that's the case make sure you have a support group either a sponsor meetings or other people in recovery. Being involved in any way possible gives you a foothold on getting back to your recovery and hopefully a better state of being. Other than that just take it 24 hours at a time!
All the 'I's indicate the problem. Assuming that you have the basics down (homegroup sponsor effort on the steps commitment to call before you drink) call your central office and put your name on their 12 step list. Also pick a new guy out in the meeting and stick your hand out to him after buy him a coffee and a little something to eat if he's not eating well. Start giving your number to new guys...every meeting and let them know they can call you anytime before they drink again. If you drive listen for who doesn't and offer to pick them up for your next meeting. Offer to come in and talk with the jammers at your local detox. Start giving back.
Doing some service helps me get out of self.  Volunteer to be a group secretary or join in with an H&amp;I team or get elected Intergroup Rep.  Personally I have come to enjoy service roles (within limits).  I am no AA politician but I do enjoy service and it strengthens my program..
Just don't slack off on your meetings and definitely find some service work. Pray for a psychic change 
