-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9fnz04/going_into_recovery_alone/

I was sober for 6 months (longest time I have ever had) and relapsed. Only thing I was doing it with my husband and it was awesome because I had his solid support so I didn't feel so alone. Ended up relapsing because I think of underlying mental issues (not the only reason but I think the main trigger) and dragged him down with me. Fast forward a couple months later and we're separated and not talking anymore. I'm stung out on heroin again and trying to find some type of cure that can fix this extreme loneliness I feel everyday even when I was sober. Tried a few non narcotic medications that actually were helping with the mood swings and found out I have allergic reactions to them. How can I get better when I feel empty sober?
----------immediate responses--------

First congratulations on your decision to become sober and sorry for your setback. When I was actively drinking it was a cold lonely desolate existence. I wish I could relate to the loneliness and emptiness you are feeling when you are sober. Maybe some here can give you advice...The only advice I can give you is hang in there. Take it one day at a time. Also maybe try the Narcotics Anonymous subreddit and ask there. I feel maybe people there can relate to you a lot better than people here.
Getting a sponsor and working the steps seems the most effeciive for most people.  I had to give up trying to get chemical peace of mind; I abused that right and lost it. ..I remember how trite this sounded the first time I read it.  Now I get it.  . Yes there is a substitute and it is vastly more than that. It is a fellowship in Alcoholics Anonymous. There you will find release from care boredom and worry. Your imagination will be fired. Life will mean something at last. The most satisfactory years of your existence lie ahead. Thus we find the fellowship and so will you. 
Reach out go to meetings ask for help. It's not exactly easy but it's better than the misery that addiction brings. I have to admit to myself over and over that I'm an addict and that I'm powerless over alcohol (insert drug of choice here) and that my life became unmanageable. You can do it!
I can relate to the feeling of lonliness. That's part of why I joined AA. It's been a life long feeling for me. And the root of my drinking. I feel more connection when I'm drinking I guess and not so alone. I have a lot of hope for the program right now. ..Also you can do this. My husband has almost 6 years clean off heroin. I watched him getting off and it was intense so my hats off to you. We've had 2 friends die from heroin since he got clean. So please do what it takes to get off it. That shit is scary. And I know how deep the depression going off can be. Can you go to rehab? My husband did inpatient for a month when he got off and it was a miracle for him. Sending you many prayers and hugs and love. You can do this and even if I'm just an internet stranger you are so not alone. 
Honey you're going to feel empty sober..I think most of us did..But you can use that sober mind to fill that emptiness with meaning. It takes time to fill it. It takes a lifetime. That's what having a  full life  is. 
Check out /r/OpiatesRecovery.
We are really always alone in recovery. The thing is that we and we alone own our addiction.  We cannot get straight for someone else and we cannot get someone else sober...I had a 10 year run with a co-addicted woman.  We married attended AA together - it was fun and we supported one another and shared similar world views.  But that is rare.  In the end we split up she never drank again but I did.  She died last year sober - I never really made full amends to her as the split-up was on me.    But in the final analysis I was always alone with my addiction and alone in my recovery.  I think that is the only way it can work...Sounds like you are in a danger zone.  I residential program now could be a life saver...
