-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9fon2d/struggling_with_god/

I was raised Catholic and pretended for years through Confirmation that I loved this elusive God. He never showed himself to me and after all of the sexual abuse scandals how could I love the god I was raised to honor? I've also been abused. ..How do I accept a godlike figure in my life now?  I want to be sober but have such a tainted ideal of  God  now. ..I've been told I can honor nature as my higher power I've tried. I've backpacked the CDT the AT and about 20 miles of Alaska. I just can't reconcile it. ..I feel like this is a huge chasm in my recovery. I feel like I'm missing a huge part...Any aa advice welcomed. .
----------immediate responses--------

i found god in a slice of key lime pie one time on the road way back when.
I heard a speaker suggest to write down what you want god to be. He suggested attributes like forgiving loving infinite. Then use that conception and disregard the religious baggage as best you can. ..I was raised atheist and had a really negative view of who god was supposed to be punishing callous and approval seeking. Over time I read a lot of Christian theology from the more progressive sides of the religion and have come to see god as loving and merciful and that has been really helpful to me on this journey. ..Dunno if that's any use to you.
I'm an atheist and I came to believe in a power greater than myself sufficient to work the steps.  This might help.....https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/aa-literature/p-84-many-paths-to-spirituality 
I think it's important to make the distinction between the God that you may have understood during your upbringing and the notion of a higher power. I'm not particularly religious but I find that when I am examining myself through A.A. or trying to become a better person I need something other than myself to guide me. I've heard people with decades of sobriety say that they still don't understand what their higher power is but they know that it is working in their sobriety. Maybe try reading the  We agnostics  chapter in the A.A.  Big Book. Willingness seems to be a big theme when dealing with the spiritual acceptance in the program. Take care!
Forget everything you THINK you know about God for a new experience.  . The steps will provide that experience. Chapter 4 we agnostics can help as well I suggest reading it
"Do I now believe or am I even willing to believe in a power greater than myself."..Picked up after four years sick surgeries and a handful of relapses later I am realizing I have no idea what God is to me. Praying and not feeling it like I once did. I've come to terms with losing lots of faith in a late 20s health crisis and this line has helped me much...I dont even have to believe I just have to be open to it. That's how I came to an understanding with God the first time and trying to force it has not worked.  I'm back to just being open to take notice again. 
I don't believe in any sort of god but I also don't feel a chasm in my recovery for it. Perhaps it is because I was a totally devoted theist before so I know well what a god belief can and cannot provide. I never feel I'm missing out instead that I've been there done that and don't want to do it again. ..Perhaps look into the secular humanist way of appreciating one's short improbable life upon the Earth? Or start by articulating what precisely you think theists have in their recovery that you don't. If it's the notion that a deity is looking out for them there are definite downsides to that worldview contrary to popular belief.
I am with you. I tried to fake it until I made it when it came to a higher power because I was willing to believe. Around year six I had a great sponsor ask me once who showed up for me as a kid. I grew up in a household that was utterly gutted by the effects of alcoholism and mental illness. ..Who showed up to love me as a child? My cat. My  elderly neighbor. My school librarian. My best friend's mom and dad. Was that was my higher power? Even though I did not have parents that could appropriately care for me and love me I had something and someone looking out for me and loving me. I did nothing to earn that love. It was freely given...Thinking of you tonight.  
Sounds like You're talking about a GOD of the Catholic Churches understanding. ..The idea is to come up with the GOD of your own understanding. ..Read step 3 in the twelve by twelve. Pray for some help don't worry about who or what just pray. It's works. It's worked for millions. You'll get there in time. ..I had a huge resentment towards the Catholic Church. Once I was able to let go of that my spiritual connection to my higher power really blossomed. ..Good luck to you!! 
A friend of mine took the third step as turning his life and his will over to completing the next 9 steps and eventually he came to believe... not sure what step you're on but hopefully that's somewhat helpful. 
The sex abuse stuff is related to people on Earth not God. Don't let the sins of humans get between you and a relationship with God. It is not really something to fully understand but to pursue. My sobriety is dependent on the maintenance of my spiritual condition. Not the perfection of it. Explore your feelings. It needs to be personal. I agree with the earlier post that you should make a list of what you want God to be. ..I was raised Catholic and was away from the church for a long time. The Catholic Church is hurting from all this. It has been mentioned in mass and will continue to be. Every church is run by imperfect people. I think they should pay for their crimes but all I can do is keep my side of the street clean. ..I think of it as a God of my misunderstanding. I don't think I'll ever really know God but I seek God. Praying the Examen has helped me. Good luck.
One of those moments on the AT or the PCT when your feet were screaming and your stomach was growling and you were fucking pissed at the trail and then suddenly you looked up and BAM....there before you was some of the most beautiful shit you've ever seen...There it was. There was god staring you straight in the face. Healing your sore feet and taking away your hunger in that one surreal moment. ..God isn't a bearded man on a throne in the sky..And no book or religion could come close to comprehending the concept of god much less teaching it...
In AA GOD can be a Gang of drunks GOD can be Good Orderly Direction (AA itself). God to me may as well be a spaghetti Monster in the sky for all I care. Yet looking around on your hikes do you not feel that there is something far greater than yourself running things? There is an order to this mad world. I believe that there is an innate intelligence running the show. I don't know what it looks like or if I am even capable of imagining it. Imagining a grey bearded fat white guy in the sky seems arrogant to me. My higher power is what I lovingly refer to the spaghetti monster. I know its sounds silly but its just because I have no better name for it and it may as well be a spaghetti monster as far as I know. What I do know is that whatever it is its running things not me. Its my higher power its my God as I have come to know them...Drinking and Drugging had me going against the grain of it. Finding god is as simple as realizing that there is something greater than yourself anything really running the show. As long as its not you. So when it comes to your God imagine Thor's Hammer Mjolnir a ceiling tile a real hammer Cthulu The Pyramids of Giza Ganondorf (if it has to have a grey beard) use your imagination find whats right for you. If you truly believe a grey white guy in the sky exists than why not something even greater than that who runs God himself? If there's something in this world that is doing better than you even your sponsor trust in that. The point is to learn to drop your ego your willfulness and become willing. Become willing to be something better than what you were/are as a drunk. Let go and let the ceiling tile guide you towards your best self...Good luck compadre.
Alcoholics lose their way so that they might find The Way. The  progression is from self-destruction to self-discovery. The Way leads  Home. [http://WorksPublishing.com](http://workspublishing.com/) 
https://aaagnostica.org
I'll share a bit about my struggles with God. I've always believed in god and was raised Christian. I tried to not belive but when being honest with myself I knew I did. I came to hate God because he could have stopped my pain and saved me at any point. Working steps two and three helped me accept my feelings about god and see my role in my life's troubles. I came to accept that I couldn't use god's existence as a scape goat. During my fifth step my sponsor pointed out that a lot of my resentments had to do with religion. I let go of religion and prayed for a personal relationship with a higher power. If you can shake the belief in god don't fight it just pray for a new relationship with a higher power. This has helped me significantly. Many people approach the god concept in many different ways. Maybe this way will help you.  
The AA text 'Came to Believe' contains stories of how fellow AAs got in touch with a higher power that could keep them sober. 
I was raised Catholic and abused as well. I don't go to church but.....I see God as the spirit within me that keeps me pushing forward that aches for better things for others that loves and loves to be loved. ..The men who have done and covered up these horrible things are sick people. They are not God nor are they in line with love. They are separated from God and that is the how and why of their capability to do such horrible and disgusting things...Whether you believe or not you can look at the lives of the Saints and find true stories of the Spirit within man that is God...I don't have it all sorted out and am only 36 days in and on Step 4. I struggle to pray to turn things over etc. But I've made the decision to do that and be open to a God and that is what is key right now.
Bill W. Tells us in the Big Book to "Find God on your own rather than with someone who might misunderstand.".This was the single sentence that made me fully understand how to even go about and get my higher power in the first place. My sponsor told me once "I was raised Catholic and my time finding my higher power was one of the greatest struggles in my life. I tried studying different philosophies and practiced every religion there is yet nothing helped. Eventually I came to realize through meditation and critical thinking that God is something intangible and that religions attempt to explain the methodology and magnificence of whatever your higher power is. You cannot simply explain what God is because its ethereal and every single person's understanding of God is unique in some way shape or form.".Rather than saying your view of God is tainted change your mindset and say that perhaps those religious systems misunderstand YOUR personal concept of God. If you haven't read the Big Book before read it ASAP. Even if you have reread it analyze it and ask questions until you have that perception of God. You might not ever fully be able to explain what your higher power even is but once you find it you'll know. Stay strong you got this man.
I'm an atheist and still benefitted from AA. Yes it is possible. Sometimes I put on my "teflon shield" and just let the God-stuff slide off. ..I do not believe in God in a religious sense. I was raised a Catholic and spent 7 years as a nun. My spirituality evolved into facing scientific reality. I don't like religion very much. Most of the wars in the history of the world have been and are fought in the name of religion. So I guess that makes me atheist a word that sounds cold and detached which I am not...I am a spiritual person with a love and respect for life. Causes which I'm passionate about are drug addiction particularly alcoholism and domestic violence. Hospice is another involvement...I do not begrudge anyone their religious beliefs. They have a god which make the challenges of life easier to cope with. But it doesn't fit for me. ..You can be an atheist and still have a rich spiritual life. I love nature beauty music babies ...you get the picture.  We'll never have the answers to all of life's mysteries. People who think they do are the scary ones ..To me spirituality has to do with health truth love nature fellowship humor creativity and simple human kindness..
I struggled with god too. I still do even though I believe in a personal god who is loving. When I came to aa I was atheist. ..I had to relapse hard. In the middle of it I remembered everyone in aa telling me to get on my knees and pray for sobriety so I did. ..I passed out and the next day something felt different. I followed an inner guide that got me out of the squalor I was living in. I started to believe ..Then I lost it again. Relapsed again. ..Then I missed how I felt and thought I would try god again. This time was less dramatic but I got help. ..Then I came back into aa and worked the steps. The result of the steps is a spiritual awakening. I had that after doing it. ..I don't understand god but I believe. ..
God is in the seeking for god. Not in arriving at the definition. The further I get to a definition the farther I feel from what I seem to understand as god.
