-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9gipwu/when_people_say_keep_coming_back/

I hate when people say keep coming back after someone who is clearly struggling shares.  Like your only going to make them feel worse if they can read between the lines. I remember it happened to me like 5 years ago it still hurts.  
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe said (heard) differently in this context "we are here to listen".  Coming to meetings in and of itself doesn't fix anything. It takes willingness to do the work to find recovery. 
I loath that to but that's how it works you'll laugh at it in day's ahead  your best day's lay ahead that's for Sure Take care 
Hearing "keep coming back" five years ago still hurts? Maybe it's a matter of perspective. When I hear it I hear "we know how you are feeling right now we've felt that way ourselves and this is a place that can help so keep coming back."  
I always took it very kindly.  At first I thought it was a suggestion just for the newcomer then I realized it applied to the oldtimers. Who would the newcomer's learn from?  Then I realized it applied to the old timers because we are always growing and life can throw curve balls.  And then I also see it as a suggestion for people who come in for a while then drift away or relapse.  ..And now I see it for all of us.  We come together to try and carry the message to each other in the now. AA is always available...
I think if I'm still hurt over something this trivial after 5 years perhaps it's time to work on the resentment.  
The newcomer is a weird animal. Nobody in the room really knows why that person is sitting in a meeting. Nobody really knows what to say either. It's like  when someone tells you their mom died and you're like  uhhh.... man sorry to hear that  ..Keeping coming back is room speak for  we can't explain it all to you in one day so give us a chance to help you by returning many times ..My advice to you is to look at why you are taking it personally as a hurtful thing. Do you think those people really meant to hurt you? Is it possible the problem is your perception of the situation? Do you trust the perception abilities of aa newcomers you meet? 
Keep coming back is a reminder for me that I can't do recovery on my own.  My addict mind will twist things in every which way in order to create some sort of negativity that I could turn into an excuse to drink!  Let go of your resentments because they are just a relapse waiting to happen!..Good Luck!
Why would it hurt?
To me "keep coming back" means keep trying don't give up on getting sober don't give up on AA.
