-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9go7dn/relapse_dream_humor/

Hi everyone I figured I can tell all of you here because you would appreciate it. I'm sober over a year now...It is a recurring dream/nightmare... I relapse at home cause I always find 2 little airplanes bottles of booze or nips or whatever you call them while cleaning. I down then with the quickness because apparently in my dreams I have 0 willpower or support. Then of course the THIRST kicks in...oh yeah BTW In all variations of the dreams/nightmares it is a Sunday! Hence the nightmare portion. So I drive like a bat out of hell to the liquor store speeding thirsting and agonizing. I finally arrived and they freaking door is LOCKED. the damn liquor store closes early on Sundays!!! ..The other variation i get but doesn't happen as often is i take a train to the Bronx from long island to go too the liquor store there because they are open to all hours into the night...I finally get there and walk up the steps because it's a Subway... And it's evening! Ecstatic I run to my sanctuary and it's CLOSED! WTF? it turns out there's a lunar eclipse that won't go away and it's 3 am!!! 
----------immediate responses--------

Very Good Share . Take care   
The one I get is generally that I am halfway drunk when I come to and realise what I've been doing and then the focus of the dream is my internal panic and debating over how I am going to explain this what lies am I gonna tell to whom how do I finish the job without getting caught and then I usually wake up in a sweat and after a few minutes am relieved that it didn't happen. 
I remember when I was new and another newcomer shared that he had a drinking nightmare. An old-timer shared after him and said gruffly "That's not a nightmare. I had a nightmare once...i dreamt i was driving down the pacific coast highway and i was with a beautiful woman and we were in love and life was good. And i woke up in San Quentin. That's a nightmare"
I quit chewing tobacco six years ago and I have dreams where I'm chewing a whole can of Copenhagen and I try to spit it out but no matter how hard I try I can't get it all out. Then in the dream I'm like fuck it I'm gonna get drunk and I do then my dream self falls into deep despair. I straight up wake up in a cold sweat.
