-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9k8in6/thought_i_didnt_need_aa_struggling_again/

After over a decade of "problem" drinking I was sober on my own for 3 years before I went to my first meeting. I started going because after 3 years sober I started drinking again and got completely blitzed on my  birthday picked a fight with my husband and drunk drove an hour and a half with no memory of it. I went to my first meeting the following week. I continued attending meetings for about a year and managed to stay sober for 9 months but I broke my sobriety with an entire bottle of wine one evening when I was feeling overwhelmed and depressed. Then I started feeling like I didn't really need to be there like I was capable of drinking normally and I stopped coming to meetings altogether. I went off for a while drank a lot  nearly got a DUI and spent a few days per week hungover. Then I quit drinking altogether again for a year. Now I am drinking again. It started slow with a couple glasses of wine once a week. Now I am drinking a half bottle or more most nights. I have been feeling lately like maybe I need to go back to AA but I am embarrassed and still unsure if I really have a problem. Also my family doesn't know I am drinking again. My husband does. That is also an issue because he drinks more than I do and he likes when I drink with him so he doesn't really want me to go back. Can anyone relate to this? Am I actually an alcoholic? 
----------immediate responses--------

 Normal  people don't continue to drink despite scary negative consequences. Normal people also aren't plagued with this  do I have a problem?  thoughts. Only you can answer the question of if you are an alcoholic but your story sounds like a lot of our stories! .About being embarrassed to go back... No one cares trust me. No one gets an A+ in AA. Decent people in the rooms are just happy to have you back so that you can start living your life the way you deserve to...My bet is that if you go back to AA get sober and work the program the only thing you'll be saying to yourself down the road is that you wish you did it sooner. Good luck.
When you were in AA did you hear people who came back after a break?  What did you think of them? 
Sorry if this is a shock but you and alcohol are not a healthy combination. What you describe sounds like alcoholism. I am a woman who knows what it is to struggle with the thought of being an alcoholic. I was ashamed until I learned that I am a good person with a bad disease. I educated myself about alcoholism and recovery. ..Your husband doesn't want you to stop drinking. This is going to be a huge challenge if you are going to get well. I had no alcohol in my home which made it easier to stop. I got a therapist and went to AA meetings.  I was honest with a doctor about how much I was drinking and needed medication to safely and more easier detox from alcohol. ..I'm glad you posted. Most people in AA have struggled too and understand what happened to you. No one is going to judge you. They will be happy you are back. With a husband who abuses alcohol you especially need all the support you can find. ..The only requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking. If you have that please come back. We are saving a seat for you.   
The doors to the rooms of AA are always open.  I hope you find your way back.  Don't think about what others think of you and get well for yourself.
Your problem's obvious. Getting so obvious that it's even becoming apparent to you. No one knows what the consequences will be for your continuing to stay sick but there are possibilities for serious unpleasantness. ..You're of course welcome to come back to joing with those who generally didn't stick the first time or dozens of times they tried. Locally we're still morning the 38yr old mom of 4 who ended herself heading down the wrong highway lane crippling an innocent for life in the oncoming car and sending 2 others to the hospital...She was always welcomed back through the years but never took the steps. 3 years was her personal best. But really a few years or a few months...that doesn't matter at all now that she has a sobriety date that will stick.....
The short answer without any judgement is that you already know you need to give up drinking.  But - you drove without a memory of it endangering your own life and others. How unsure would you be if you had been arrested for a DUI? Did you hit anyone that night? Did you kill a loved family pet? Don't pretend this isn't a problem. So deal with it now before you harm other people.
Many if not most of us have been in and out of the program over time.  Please do not make much of this as we have been there. Please get back in.  I was out for 1 1/2 years and on my 2nd time around. The 1 1/2 years out was a hard but good lesson for me. I am doing better this time around..
