-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9kcpt6/i_made_it_to_two_weeks/

I made it to two weeks just to relapse again. I feel like a failure. Working on the 4th step and I don't think I can pass the 4th step. It's just to hard. And I'm not good handling the past. .And I don't even know how to tel my sponser 
----------immediate responses--------

My sponsor told me that if you are struggling with a step go back a step. You do a step 3? 
You made it 2 weeks...and while you did relapse you're also reaching out to us here. 2 weeks is a big f*cking deal...reaching out is huge. Have you tried 90 meetings in 90 days? That really made an enormous difference for me...your sponsor won't beat you up nearly as much as you beat yourself up!!! Turn the ass kicking machine down a notch and get back to step 3 as someone else said. I hope this helps...
It's ok to go back and start again. Usually on the forth step if we feel it's to hard it's because we need to go back and talk about spiritual connection and surrender. I had to do the same thing on step 4 and I actually got a new sponsor too because we weren't aligned. I'm 70 days in and still kicking. When we do the hard stuff from here on out it's the spiritual connection that helps us most. That and the program. ..
I had trouble in between the 4th and 5th step it happens.  Just keep coming back to meetings!  Feelings will pass.  Just hold on tight.
Success is the culmination of multiple failures..... I was in and out for ten years before I finally got multiple years sober. Handful of 30 day chips multiple treatment centers etc........ You only fail at alcoholics anonymous if you quit.... . .Keep coming back! 
My sponsor also relapsed on the 4th step. She went back and started again. She was devastated at the time but she is doing awesome now and sponsoring me and having a great life. You can make it through this if you want to.
You aren't a failure for trying to get sober relapse is just a part of recovery. What's important is that you continue on and don't let the relapse take a hold of you. The 4th and 5th steps are considered the more difficult parts of the steps and I would imagine that you can see why. When I relapsed it was because I lost touch with why I was trying to get sober. Doing the 4th and 5th Steps will show you exactly why you feel the way you do about yourself and your drinking. Keep coming back and don't give up hope!!
While it sucks to drink again you made it two weeks and those days aren't lost. You still have what you learned and know you can go without alcohol. I think some of us stumble our way into recovery. We might piece together a few days at first and then a few weeks...but even then our intake is lowering. ..While remaining completely abstinent is ultimately the goal you're headed in the right direction!
Do it you feel better.  Thoroughly honest  is paramount in this program.  Be honest with yourself then be honest with human being. After I did these two steps  I had a great release Spiritually. You can do this. No doubt 
I relapsed at Step 4. I was at about 4 months. I'm sober again approaching Step 4 around 2 months sober this time. But I'm taking my time on Step 3. .Relapses happen. Don't beat yourself up too bad. Get back on the wagon and push forward..
There are no rules in AA.  It is your program.  The steps can be worked out of order.  I didn't do a complete 4th and 5th step for nearly 5 years.  I made amends when I could from day one.  I did service work continuously and focused on 123 and 10.  It worked for me until God heard me out and provided direction to take on 4 and 5.  AA  will always have your back.  Finding a sponsor being honest and humble and not taking the 1st drink while always starting my day with the 1st step is what I did.  Wishing you well friend.
Being here mean you are not giving up. You've done two weeks already.  ..Let's pick up from here..Anything is possible! 
