-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9kqygd/its_been_3_months_todayand_i_cant_get_the_beer/

Today is 3 months sober after my relapse. I haven't had a craving this bad since the first time I got sober. I'm trying not to let myself believe "I can just have one this time." I know if I drink today I will blackout today. I don't know why I'm even craving. Nothing happened no major stress or anything I just want a damn beer. Just one just to take the edge off....I'm not going to give in. I'm not going to drink. But today is hard.
----------immediate responses--------

Hell yes it is hard but you've got this. That voice in your head is full of bullshit and deep down you know that. You can get through this. Breathe distract hit up a meeting go for a run eat 7 pints of Ben and Jerry's whatever it takes. Just for today!
When days like that happen. I go home and do something else. For me it's video games. I will sit there and play till it stops. I've been sober for two years.  I still will have days like yours. I think we always will. 
Hi an old timer told me if cravings come Eat a Mars Bar it worked for me . Then i got to a Meeting . Please take care Mate  
I am a little over 3 months too and recently had the same. Praying has helped. The real desperate kind of praying show me what to do I'll do anything. Hang tight my friend.
Service is the secret. Go to a meeting then go talk to a newcomer who looks like they're about to split as soon as the meeting is over. Get their number ask them about how their  progress is going...or just talk to them..Or just show up early at a meeting &amp; help them set up chairs or make coffee..I know it sounds like some Mr. Miyagi shit but i swear it works..Time you spend doing that is time you're not obsessing..&amp; pray. Ask God to lift the obsession. 
The part I'm not seeing in your post is the part about you having a sponsor you're actively working the steps with.  That seems to be the recipe for success. 
And of course that would be great. But I'm in the Army on a remote base with no form of AA. I'm not even allowed out of the gate to the surrounding city that's a 45 min cab ride anyway. I went to AA before I realpsed I was actively relapsing when I got here. I don't even have a phone number these 9 months just WiFi. So yeah if I had AA and a sponsor here of course that would be the first step. All I got on this base is time and booze.
Imo the worst possible outcome would be if you go ahead and have the one beer without any problems. That could ruin the next 20 years for you.
Changing my thinking was the hardest part.  I needed the support of others to succeed.
How are you doin? PM me if you want to talk.
