-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ljfvo/18_years_sober_but/

I started drinking kombucha about 2 years ago. I wonder all the time if I'm technically still sober. I have read there's no more than 5% alcohol in a bottle the same as O'Doul's. For years I was active in AA even going to 7 mtgs/week and sponsoring 5 women at the same time at one point. Drinking any beverage with 5% alcohol would've been unthinkable. I'd be heartbroken to change my sobriety date. No sponsor at the moment. Have I relapsed? Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

I wouldn't call it a relapse but it's really your call. Do you feel like you haven't been sober these past two years? 
I have a friend in recovery who enjoys kombucha from time to time. I haven't tried it myself but only because the concept of fermented vegetables just doesn't sound as appealing to me as a smoothie or something fruity. .One time we were at a meeting though &amp; this woman shared about how she does not drink kombucha herself because she believes the minute a drop of alcohol enters her system it's game over. I noticed my friend get tense but we talked about it after the meeting &amp; honestly just did the same thing you did - we looked online. We googled  is kombucha a relapse  or something like that. &amp; we found this:  http://refugerecoverycenters.com/the-truth-about-kombucha/..&amp; anyway I think the gist of it is: at the end of the day it's between YOU &amp; GOD..A sponsor would help if you had one but maybe you can use the fellowship &amp; share about it at group level? I'm sure you're gonna get a lot of mixed answers but you'll know in your gut which ones really feel like the truth. Use them to guide you to figure out God's will. &amp; turn it over...I think the most important thing is stay plugged in. Maybe start looking for a sponsor who can guide you through this &amp; start doing some step work with them...But also I'm 6 months sober this time around &amp; don't know shit. :P
Cmon guy. Don't be dramatic.
No although I'd give that shit up because it sounds like it will lead to a relapse. My best friend had 19 years sober started drinking de alcoholized beer did that for well over a year then he would drink more of them and then finally he just bought regular beer and a full relapse soon after. Lost his business friends girlfriend and caused issues with his kids and ex wife..... .Knowing what alcohol does to me and other alcoholics it just isn't worth the risk to drink any alcohol. I mean would you have a peanut crumb if you are allergic to peanuts? The insanity of having a little bit of something you're deathly allergic to is exactly that...... Insane 
You are still sober. 
In my personal opinion you haven't relapsed but at the end is up to you to decide. You can be drunk without drinking a drop of alcohol if your mind body and spirit are not in sink. Is a problem of perception all it matters is yours.
The condition is that of body and mind. Remember the drinking is a symptom of a spiritual malady. I agree avoiding anything that could teast you early in sobriety is good but you know you. You know where you are with yourself and how you're talking to yourself...You tell your story and you write it. I'm sober but I'll eat rum cake from time to time. I'll even use vanilla in cooking or have something cooked with white wine. I know my story better now than I did before sobriety; I'm not just swept into it.
I agree with the others don't sweat it move on. However I am curious do you drink kombucha for the effects? That the tiny bit of alcohol can cause? When I drink kombucha unaware of the traces of alcohol I actually did feel the effects and it scared the crap out of me. I stopped drinking it
If it didn't give you the reaction that made you want to go out and drink it's not worth thinking about. Some people freak out when they realize things like soy sauce have small amounts in them but I'll be damned if I'm giving up sushi. 
IMO you have absolutely nothing to worry about on this except for the fact that it clearly bothers you. Sobriety means something else to everyone so this is a personal decision up to you so do what feels right. Other ideas are I believe there are alcohol free brands of kombucha you can look into and for an outside AA reference on this as far as Islam is concerned they are cool with Kombucha so I say if you like it fee free to enjoy it.
No worries. The fact your concerned means your SOBER!
No!!!!!! You are good. Trust me your good.
A sobriety date only matters if you place quantity over quality.  
I don't know about the technicalities as to what is a relapse I believe that is between and your god. I question this  you seem almost shameful about the consumption of it. So in that I would question your motives. Also  this is none of my business but there you go. 
Definitely not. Did you ever drink a kombucha and start thinking about what would happen if you had another 5? Soy sauce is 2-3% alcohol. Do I relapse every time I eat sushi? For me it's about intention. I drink kombucha I even brew my own and it's never crossed my mind to have more than one before. I enjoy the flavor. 
If you enjoy it for the RIGHT reason but not because you are scratching the alcoholic itch and not acting like an asshole...I got on anxiety meds after 10 years and thought the same way.  It never lead to a relapse because I was honest about it and used it responsibly even to say not as much as I could have...You have not relapsed but do an experiment.  See you can leave it alone for a week.
As you say you're not active in AA. You can decide on what your sobriety needs to be apart from how things are customarily done in AA. I think it's an error for those who are not involved to define their journey as it relates to AA. 
Interesting dilemma I think it is good you are asking these questions...I think it is up to the individual vanilla extract has alcohol in it the mustard i like claims to have chardonnay in it cough medicines have lots of alcohol all of these CAN be a problem for us or they can not. We are people who will drink listerine for the alcohol so i think we must always be watchful...I think it is up to the individual perhaps stop drinking it for now and ask god in your prayers " hey I 'm worried that i might be drinking this stuff for the wrong reasons please let me know what i should do. Is it ok? Or should I drink other teas instead so I don't have to listen to this argument in my head everytime"..Even if you don't have a sponsor perhaps there is someone close to you that you can ask about this situation.
I think you are still sober. ..Personally I don't drink anything that contains any amount of alcohol. For me it would be risky.
If you are worried because it's triggering stop drinking It and hit more meetings. .If you are worried because someone else told you to be to thine own self be true. .If it's a question of puritanical righteousness be an elder statesmen and not a bleeding deacon. 
A lot of people have answered better than I could so I just thought I'd tell you that I feel this way if I use mouthwash with alcohol in it or eat food cooked in alcohol. I avoid those things completely and use non-alcohol mouthwash now. I'm glad I found it I really like it.
