-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9lyey1/what_do_you_do_for_excitement_now/

This is my second attempt in the program and I've currently got 21 days. I struggled the first time around six months when I felt bored and like there was nothing exciting to look forward to anymore (my crazy brain saying I can't have fun without drinking...). So this time around I'm trying to be more proactive and find new less soul destroying things to add excitement to my life. Anyone have anything they do now that they really enjoy and find fun/exciting?.
----------immediate responses--------

Lol.  The writer Augusten burroughs said something like  time flies when you're drunk when you're newly sober time feels more like cat hair something you couldn't get rid of even if you tried. ..I always laughed about that.  I was young for aa in my area and it felt unfair that all the older people could just friend up more easily with other people in AA.  ..It was a little tough in the beginning bc most people my age (young parents) were drinking a lot all the time (never forget my despair when I learned that keeping red solo cups filled with alcohol while trick or treating was going to be the norm)...Anyway it just sucked a little bit for a while but now I don't ever really feel bored.  I think you just feel so bored in the beginning but it's really just the twitchy feeling of drying out.  I guess what I'm saying is I'm just more content now.  I don't have that feeling like I have to kill time or I'll explode out of my skin.  ..In the beginning I ate a lot of junk food would go to tons of meetings would go to the movies by myself.  Now I do a lot of crafting I run (training for half marathon) and I just chill and read on the couch.  Between that and taking care of my responsibilities my time's pretty full.
Working with newcomers never a dull moment.
I so relate to how you're feeling. I also felt like I wouldn't be able to have fun without drinking or using. Then I remember I asked someone  so if you can't drink or do drugs what do you do?  &amp; they looked at me dumbfounded like  what do you mean? Anything. Just not drink and do drugs. Other then that we can do anything. .&amp; it's true. I found out that the young people were always planning fun events together like bowling going out for coffee hiking some of them even went dancing in nightclubs together as a sober crew. I bet there's so many people in your fellowship doing the same...Honestly I would go to a meeting &amp; share about it. Bet money someone comes up to you after the meeting gets your number &amp; invites you to the next sober event they're planning. .&amp; if they don't then plan your own!..&amp; as said already - working with newcomers will never leave you bored! Neither will step work. Lol...Also.Service is the secret.
I play rugby. That was the first hobby. Then almost 2 years in case D and D. Around that same time came the BDSM. I like things that are creative difficult and physically demanding. I also like the scheduled nature of these activities. So I always have a thing to go to or prepare for. If I didn't take the time to find fun things I don't know if I'd be clean and sober. I didn't get sober to go to meetings and read the big book. I got sober to live and boy am I ever! 
When I was drinking I just sat around talking about all the great shit I was going to do.  I did none of it. ..Now I get to live a real life and do the things I used to talk about.  It's hard to talk about my life without sounding like I'm bragging.  Please understand my life is a gift brought to me by Alcoholics Anonymous there's nothing special about me. All I can take credit for is doing some work and sticking around long enough for the miracle to happen...For example when I was drinking people told me about the formative group of Burningman in San Francisco. I wanted to go but the 2 or 300 miles was over my skill level. Now I've been there enough times that I'm tired of going been heavily involved in a sober camp and built an art car.  Now I build and ride Harleys which I find fun shoot guns and more important than all that I have deep and meaningful relationships.  ..I have a real job now too. Before I was a house painter and not very good at it and now I work in a field that makes my community better and that I find very rewarding. I just got back from a conference in New Orleans related to my field...In my garage I have a sign that sums it all up. A friend of mine that my first home group made it for me. It says  This life brought to you by Alcoholics Anonymous .  
Not sure how old you are but young peoples AA (ypaa) is really fun. I went to a meeting everyday when new I got involved with service and service committees for round ups and events. That was a lot of fun. I found people to go to the sober dances with on the weekends at the alano clubs and people to go for coffee with and other stuff like swimming hiking etc. I also got a jetski amd motorcycle learned how to fix them and ride them something I always wanted to do but never did because of alcoholism...... Drinking is honestly the most boring thing ever to do get up and get involved in AA there's lots going on
Working on my skydiving license..&amp;#x200B;
Great thought provoking post!  I could not think of a single activity that is more exciting or enjoyable impaired and numbed except for than having a tooth extracted or other surgeries.  I guess picking up strangers at bars was easier drunk but it was actually more exciting sober.
Since I got sober I have gotten into: movies target shooting guitar and fishing. When I get into something I get really into it and I'm excellent at all if the above except guitar man that is challenging. 
Reading books (because I have a clearer head ;) &amp; tons of podcasts for my walks car rides &amp; chores. I've read more books in the last 8 months than in the previous 10 years! ..I also have taken up meditation &amp; go to a studio. Feels like a nice place with people in a similar search head space. If I go in the afternoon my mind is clear until bed time. Gets me through the nighttime cravings/demons 
The cool thing about being sober is you actually actually get to experience stuff now and get to be present. Also I get to do all kinds of cool stuff I lost interest in or get to explore hobbies. ..Since being sober I have regained an interest in fishing art music/going to concerts drawing getting tattooed wood working remodeling my house myself drawing and very slowly restoring an old pickup. All things I either lost interest in never would have done or couldn't have done from a financial standpoint if I was still drinking and using. Life gets really good when you do this thing. I wouldn't trade the life AA has given me for anything. The cool thing is the longer I do this things keep getting better. ..Maybe consider checking out hobbies you've always wanted to get into but haven't. Just don't let it replace drinking and using with it. I'm telling you you won't have to worry about boredom and life gets SO fucking good with the actions of the steps. 
I've gotten really into working out planning art projects and online dating. I got rid of all my social media and feel like this is an opportunity to start over and be a whole new person in certain ways if I want to be. 
I'm 5 almost 6 years sober and life is packed! There aren't enough minutes in the day to scratch the surface of all life has to offer.
I have found lots of fun stuff to do on Meetup.com. Kid friendly activities too. If you are not familiar with the site check it out. .
As a recovering addict/alcoholic/sex addict/gambler excitement is what I was after.  I guess it says in my ACA program that I became addicted to excitement before I ever took a drink/drug/bet.  Hang in there and look forward to some peace and serenity!
Heck yeah.                        ..I have learned to swing dance I go to meetings almost every day and hang out with people who are active and full of life I get to have real actual conversations have learned how to box take boxing classes and teach old folks with Parkinson's how to box I get to read all the weird books I hoarded and then give them away and I sponsor people. What else? I bought ice skates and roller blades but I haven't used either of them yet I can afford to ski again I am self-employed in my own preferred business which was never possible when I was drinking. I can date and have way better sex. I go cool places to just chill and watch people.                         ..Honestly I hated drinking by the time I was ready to be done. It was awful and my life was awful and I surrounded myself with awful people.
I drink
