-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9lzn89/do_i_fire_my_sponsor/

A friend of mine in the program told me last night that he knew my ex and I broke up because he relapsed. He said that my sponsor's best friend told him. ..This made me kind of suspicious that my sponsor has been sharing my business with her bestie because I didn't really tell anyone except her what had happened. ..So I asked her if she tells people what I tell her or if it's confidential. She said she doesn't share my business with others and asked why. ..I told her what I had been told. She said she may have said we broke up because everyone knows. ..All of it just rubbed me the wrong way. It doesn't matter if people know we broke up I don't think my sponsor's best friend should have heard it from my sponsor. Doesn't matter what it was or who speculated or knew for sure. ..Am I wrong? 
----------immediate responses--------

Fire your sponsor.  Go out and find someone that you trust that has what you want.  This is a selfish program you have to consider yourself first.  She has her own sponsor to talk to if she has issues with it.  If you do not trust this woman it won't work.  Find someone you can trust that has what you want.  Be brave and have courage to do what's best for you.  Good luck to you.  
The only person responsible for my sobriety is me. Finding a new sponsor is not easy not a fun process. But if you don't have that trust  you already know the answer. Keep looking you'll find the right fit. I've had a few sponsors over the years. 
sponsors are plug and play. they lead you through the book. anyone can be your sponsor so don't get hung up on  getting along . my 1st and best sponsor during my 1st couple of years was a jackass i just didn't like. but he sponsored me well and im still progressing based on our conversations years later. also remember that the big book doesn't mention sponsors; the concept came about in hospitals back in the day. so you don't really need one to do aa. just find someone to talk to really.
Yep. Your business is your business. If your sponsor couldn't be trusted with a mundane detail like you breaking up that should be a red flag to move on.
I've been sponsor free for almost 6 months and never been happier. No more bullshit. No more gossip. No more controlling behaviors from sponsors. Just happy joyous and free.
Happens often in AA don't forget where you are. I only do fifth steps with priests because often "sponsors" drink again or talk to others. Even if they don't they talk to their sponsor and that person sponsor and on and on. People think so long as they say it's a secret that they can betray others trust.  .In my 9 years sober I've almost seen more people hurt by "sponsors" than helped. The AA program is about building a relationship between you and God and then finding people we can help. Absolutely no where in the big book does it say to go find another drunk or dope addict mental patient and rely on them and tell them all of our deepest secrets. .I'd fire that "sponsor" if you can't trust them what's the point. If you want a program sponsor I suggest you listen to the Joe and Charlie big book study tapes. AA is also about building relationships with other people but just be very careful who you trust and what you tell people in AA...... Its not a hotbed of mental health 
I think this is one of those: By the time you ask the question....you know the answer. 
Me and sponsor had it out last night. The war of words was flying the struggle of power was there. But I have this thing don't make a decision for 24 hours. Don't say anything to anyone about my issues for 24 hour. I don't need validation from anyone only from my higher power. If I feel the same way I felt in the next 24 hours then something is truly up. I always think of step 3 - when this happens  who's will is running here  cause me ego will always   eases the goodness out   and bring back that constant collisions with something or someone in a negative way. I love my big book sponsor I love we always working the steps. We might not be perfect but we got each other's back. And our fellowship runs deep real deep! 
You can choose to just say "thank you for helping me over this period of time" and go on your way.                   ..Let me give you my experience from the sponsor's point of view. I was accused by a sponsee one time that I had told someone (specifically an unidentified older woman whose name he does not know) that he had relapsed.                   ..This caused a great deal of confusion for him and a little tiny bit for me. He identified her as one of the women from a specific group and I think I know who it was because I remember sitting with her during a very difficult emotional trial she was going through. We sat and talked for at least an hour.                   ..Since he said that I had introduced him to her at a meeting I suspect that she asked me how he was doing and I probably said something like "oh well he's not doing good he went back out" or something. That's purely speculation on my part.                    ..I sought counsel from a different woman who was a potential suspect in my mind. She has about 40 years of sobriety and is kind of a grande dame in my town. She simply explained to me that she is not a secret keeper and refuses to tell people she is. She respects people's situations and stories and will not share anything told to her as part of the program but suggested to me that I keep in mind that we are just a bunch of people who care about each other and are a community so there should be some realization that people are gonna ask your friends how you are and other people are gonna share with them how you are. This is because we care about each other deeply usually.                   ..I've heard about gossip issues in AA a lot but in my 3.5 years I haven't really ever seen any real situations of gossip. However I have sat around enough fellowships to know that people will ask "hey hows that guy who we used to see all the time? How's our friend?" When someone is going through a divorce or a meltdown or whatever people who feel close to them are going to be concerned. The opposite of addiction is connection we are here to make connections and the reality is that we are denizens of King Alcohol in a land of the unwell.                    ..I think it's good in this situation to put some of this on paper probably the full set of inventories from the first four steps that you've done before and bring it to your sponsor. I used to put my sponsor on my lists often when I was new. Also yes you can find a new sponsor if it's time to or you truly feel betrayed after really working this but this is a raw emotional wound for you so I encourage you not to allow "the plot to thicken" too much. Put it on paper keep this stuff separate work the steps and go help another alcoholic.                    ..Aside from this I wonder how strong your program is or the relationship you lost... but that's none of my business and isn't what you asked. Please feel free to private message me if you want to talk about any of that. The idea of a couple breaking up because a third party did something not connected seems to me like maybe a stretch from reality and definitely an unidentified resentment you're not addressing fully.
Bill W never fired his sponsor Ebby T even though Ebby got drunk 6 months after Bill hit sober. Bill considered Ebby to be his sponsor all his life even though he only sobered up 5 years before he died. Just saying...My higher power is God not my sponsor. My sponsor is a flawed human being and an ex-drunk as an I - who am I to judge him? Just saying. ..
I have fired a few sponsors if my gut told me to. In sobriety I've learned to listen to my feelings more it comes with time and is a nice thing to figure out. Also sponsors are only there to help you you should never feel guilty about moving on.
Get a new sponsor before you fire the old one. You don't want even a week where you're out there  on your own . Because procrastination and life stuff popping up ....time has a way of turning 1 week in to two... then two weeks into a month. You should get it secured ahead of time fire the old sponsor after the new one is in place. Be safe and good luck!
