-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9mb65c/what_kind_of_substitutes_did_you_find_to_replace/

I have been going back and forth with other struggles such as excessive spending and binge eating all the way down to a simple act of the feeling of a soda on my throat to feel the bubbly burn feeling. I am of course digging on caffeine so much I bought a coffee pot and already had a French press. I am 77 days sober and when I catch myself doing these things I turn to step work yoga meditating praying or just enjoying the soda because I am human. I haven't drank soda for around 20 years so Im guessing it has something to do with replacing a carbonated item such as beer or a mixed drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sweets were very helpful for me in early sobriety. I still have a sweet tooth 
excercise
Nothing. .I try to pretend like something is the reason to get drunk. But how bad does everyone else have it?..No one fucking knows. How's w could you ever take everyone's spirit. 
Yoga
juices. tomato juice. Orange-strawberry-banana juice is god's gift. tis the season for apple cider. just bought a gallon today. ..Flavored seltzer waters. i like cherry / strawberry. ..Coca-cola or root beer are my  hard drinks . If I have a drink at home in the evening - coca-cola over ice. I try not to drink too much (sugar plus i want it to remain  special'). .
topo chico with a good movie after a walk. tons of herbal tea. then a nice shower and a good book. used to be spontaneous or never happen (bc I was wastey) but now it gets planned out and ritualized so I know what i'm going to be doing. 
I have an extremely addictive disorder with my alcoholism. In the 294 days from abstinence from alcohol and going to AA. I can say I had to quit all my vices sex booze drugs nicotine caffeine whatever to fill the void. Alcohol was the worst friend I ever had. I'm so glad he is gone but he always lurking around the corner waiting for me to run back to him.
Eating then not eating then exercise now reddit. It's gotten easier with time but I still have struggles. 
At three and a half years sober now I say "The serenity and ease I have found in the program of AA has replaced the effect I gained from alcohol." Earlier on though I definitely had far too much coffee I drank coffee alcoholically and it made me sick regularly. I also doubled my cigarette intake for about a year. Now I exercise dance don't smoke don't EVER touch caffeine (that was really painful but it had to go).
Thank you all for so much help! I wonder why someone would down vote this. :-(
18 years into this and I still like the feeling of a brown bottle between my legs driving down the back roads on a summer day windows down music loud. I just use root beer or ginger beer these days. I'm not a soda drinker on a daily basis so I save it for parties and special occasions. Holidays it is sparkling water in a fancy glass with a twist. Be good to your self. This is your first year you don't have to solve all your vices all at once. It's a long journey as long as your other vices aren't leading you back to using it'll be ok.  
I started getting heavily tattooed spent all my drug and alcohol money on tattoos... a lot of which are recovery based.  I'm happy with how it all turned out 
When I'm healthy and activly working on myself the best substitutes are weight lifting meditation and playing an instrument.. Lifting weights was a game changer for me after I relapsed. It's benefits are numerous but the biggest was releasing feel good endorphins and built up stress. I was a total basket case when I came back into the rooms; couldn't hold down a job and eating at soup kitchens. The weight lifting gave me a simple goal to work towards and was relatively cheap. I got into watching YouTube videos about lifting and even scratched together some coin to hire a personal trainer for a day to critique my form. .Meditation was another big one I found myself reacting less and generally more calm after about a week of it daily. I find it very challenging still and can still get very frustrated if I feel I'm doing it "wrong" (which is a fallacy)..Music is another skill that can help reorganize your brain and is very rewarding when played with others. It is by far my favorite natural high especially performing live. .HOWEVER... I am not perfect and in my current 2 1/2 years clean and sober I have faltered stopped all or one of these activities altogether and gravitated to easier or more inticing things. These can include: obsession with sex and online dating escapism through hours of video games and unhealthy obsession with business and money pursuits. When I am into these I notice I am more likely to not call my sponsor be irritable with day to day annoyances and desperate for love and attention. I think it is important to remember that our journey into living happy joyous and free will include stumbles and stalls. I get back on my horse by going to meetings doing service step work and most importantly working with others.
I am constantly seeking things that will make me feel better. Alcohol is just an attempted solution to a deeper problem that I have. It's never enough. I'm always waiting to get to the destination or looking for the upgrade or seeking instant gratification. I stopped drinking and I tried it all. Buying nice things getting attractive girlfriends etc. the only thing that has brought me any lasting contented sobriety has been working the 12 steps. It's crazy there's times where I stumble and start spending money to fix the feeling of discontentment. Those are the times when I'm most disconnected from my higher power and my sponsor and my friends. It's hard and drastic to work the 12 steps and give everything to higher power... but dying of alcoholism is just a little bit more drastic. 
When I was really early on I was just smoking cigs and buzzing on caffeine all day. ..Now with 20 months I don't really have "a substitute" so to speak but things that really make me happy today are studying my tarantulas and lifting. Also going to meetings (I still go to one a day) as well as working with sponsees. I stay busy lol.
Hot tea exercise meditation creative hobbies real relationships music and self love 
Join a cult. Have them tell me what to do and not to accept or love myself for who I am. Have them run me through a set of steps 12 of them to be exact. Break me down into using fear and judgement which is exact to brainwashing. Use CBT until I am reliant on a program. Help the program/cult forever. I have learned to accept and love myself no matter what I do and especially regardless of AA. I was told over and over I'd die. Well I'm still alive. 
