-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9mznyi/how_to_cope_w_hard_days/

I'm an alcoholic who started drinking because of serious trauma and ptsd from abuse from childhood my teenage years and my adult years. On top of that i have borderline personality disorder. I don't live in america but i live in another country and in this country there is no concept of rehab you just get thrown into a mental hospital without any warning and you're locked up for months with no notice. Particularly in my case i was ordered to receive treatment by the police bc i physically attacked my long time abusers when i was inebriated. One of the girls i kept in touch with after our (forced) hospital experience just got locked up again bc she relapsed. So there's a lot of shit going inside my world. Most of the time i feel fine and I don't even feel the need to drink. But my incarceration experience has given me so much trauma and I can't afford therapy sessions. In the hospital i've had to live with murderers and criminals straight outta jail being treated for their mental illness drug addicts from crime organizations prostitutes being treated for addiction etc it's basically a prison where you have to live w all these people in a mental ward as big as an apartment complex 24/7 so you learn all kinds of shit from them. I learned how to deal drugs and make money by doing all kinds of crimes . I've seriously considered doing all of those things (i need money) but i decided against it because i don't think anyone deserves the trauma and pain that i had to go through in my life. I am discharged now and i go to school and live a regular student life and take medication for my mental illness but sometimes the littlest things get to me It's too much and i don't know what to do. I'm sober and celibate but sometimes i literally jerk out of sleep purely because of all the aggression i carry inside me. life gets too overwhelming but i have fully realized that addiction just puts me in another cycle of trauma and unhappiness (also incarceration) so i am absolutely terrified of drinking again. My legal guardians told me that if i want to live in a house - a real HOUSE (i'm quite young still recovering from my illness and addiction- most of my family is sick or unwilling to help and i have no job training) they told me to choose to keep living in the hospital or live with them so they're always keeping a close eye on me. If i show the slightest sign of unstableness they want to throw me back into the hospital and lock me up again. I'm pretty sure lots of addicts on here have been through most of the problems i have so i just wanted to vent bc i feel like yall understand. I talk to people (im in my early 20s) but they're all so young and na ve it's like i live a different life from everyone else. No one i know has been homeless or received forced treatment and i just cant relate to anyone. I know the underbelly life the life of criminals the life of poverty the life of homelessness and how absolutely terrifying it is basically just everything that accompanies addiction so it's not easy for me to live as if nothing happened. I see too much in life. I'm taking time for myself but it's too much sometimes and i cry so hard about all the shit i lost bc of my addiction and my illness and i have aggression inside me against all these privileged people who can't imagine the kind of life i had no choice but to live. How do all of yall cope? I have so much respect for all the people in this community. We're all trying so hard.. is it normal to feel depressed about my shitty past sometimes. I thought i was fine but i have my days man they're so hard to live through.
----------immediate responses--------

Getting a sponsor and working the steps seems to be the recipe for success.  
There is AA all over the world and it is free. I recommend looking up some local meetings find a sponsor and work the steps. Once you have a solid program of recovery you get many tools to help cope with any situation. You dont have to go through it alone.
I learn much more on the "hard" days than I do on the "good" days. Typically I'll ask God what he's trying to teach me and then I'll reach out to my sponsor or other members. Then I'll meditate and do something for someone else. Works every time.
Okay that's a lot. Let's break it down though you still hold resentment anger low self esteem fear and delusions. These are toxic feelings and thoughts. How can we relieve this? Well I have to ask do you have a sponsor? A hobby? Or at the least a job you don't mind going to? ..It's easy to see all the awful when you still let the alcoholic mind take over. It's like depression you know it's illogical and unreasonable to have these thoughts but somehow they still permeate. I suggest and I mean strongly you find a home group and get a sponsor. It's a lot like finding a mentor or a SO take your time and make damn sure they have attributes you want in yourself. How can you navigate all that shit alone when you have never been taught how?..If you won't do that get a hobby I go to the gym regularly go on long walks occasionally cook elaborate meals for myself. This is what I consider meditating. You don't have to cross your legs close your eyes and ohm. Just something enjoyable to do while you get familiar with your mind again. ..If you won't do those things get a job any job. If you have a job you hate well be the best damn employee you can anyway. It's about you not them. Trust yourself to do the best you possibly can this builds confidence.  ..In conclusion accept yourself then improve yourself. I can say that when you are doing good for you the world around you changes. All those perceived privileges will be yours life will change for the better all because you are doing the legwork.  I wish you luck and I know how you feel I am very similar to you. Here I am 513 days later a pillar to others a leader of my home group I have had so many wonderful things literally dropped in my lap all because I made the effort to change.  Please get a home group and get right in the middle of it. The biggest lie we tell ourselves is "I can't" I can assure you you can but will you? 
For a lot of us alcoholism and mental illness go hand in hand. The best thing I can do for myself is to treat mine separately. Getting a sponsor and doing the steps with my sponsor saved my life but my doctor and therapist also saved my life. I wish there was a pill to take or magic words I could give you but that wouldn't save you. You are living life on life's terms right now and that is a huge accomplishment! You are borderline and there are great resources on Reddit and people in real life who can guide you. The first feeling may be anger (which is so normal for us with trauma) but underneath are the true feelings. Please keep updating us.  
You are not the first you won't be the last. I wish I could tell you that you were special but the truth is lots of us turn to the bottle to ease the pains of our past. If you stay sober you'll learn to forgive those people and live your life happy joyous and free. 
