-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9n0ubz/realized_im_not_as_spiritually_fit_as_i_thought/

I celebrated 6 months yesterday! I'm very excited and proud of myself that I walked into a meeting by myself and have never looked back...I have no interest in drinking ever and I often  contribute to the meetings I attend. I've even given a couple mini-leads and have done some service work for the group...I am stuck on step 3. I've been to Back to the Basics 12 &amp; 12 and Big Book meetings. My sponsor doesn't feel I'm ready to move on to complete my steps. I'm struggling with my reading and journaling although I do listen to the chapters and leads on an app. I'm struggling with concentration and consistency. She is also back in school full time and we can't seem to get together although we do touch base every couple days...I realized that I don't call anyone when I need/want to talk. I don't have that relationship with the other woman of the group. I find myself in my room reading (not the BB) listening to music or sleeping. Just like I did when I'd drink just now I'm not drinking. The only thing that's changed is that I'm not drinking and I go to 4-5 meetings a week. ..How do I get out of this rut and move forward? .Thanks for listening...
----------immediate responses--------

what part of step 3 are you stuck on?   . Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him.   ...the way that step 3 was explained and detailed to me was this (providing i was completely solid with step 2):    ...i am making a DECISION to turn my will and my life over to the care of god as i understand him.  that's all i had to do.  make a decision.  the actual turning my will and lives over will come in the further steps when there is action to take.  right now i just have to make that decision and be solid with it.  ...i saw a speaker online who used this analogy:  there are two birds sitting on a tree branch.  one of them makes a decision to fly away.  how many birds are left on the tree branch?  two.   the bird made a DECISION to fly away that doesn't mean it has taken action and actually flown away yet.  but he has made the decision to do so at some point in the future.
What about step 3 has you stuck? 
outside of the steps - I've found it has to come to you. I've spent time looking at Christianity(grew up Catholic) Hinduism &amp; Buddism looking for common themes to latch onto. I'm 9 months sober &amp; started my search during the 1st month. For me it's taken tons of just going to tons of different kinds of meetings  (religious meditation buddhist based recovery ) watching the ceremony and listening to my fellow addicts...It takes a while and doesn't come if you force it (in fact I've found it sets me back if I set expectations - this took me a long time to understand) Your higher power doesn't work on linear time so be patient with it and it will come. 
6 months is a good time to take a secretary commitment.  I did a speaker discussion meeting at 6 months.  I hustled to get speakers from other meetings.  Falling back on our own group members in a pinch.  It got me using the phone reaching out making connections on another level.  ..For me step3 happened in a specific moment.  I was about 90 days sober.  I got some big news.  I was waiting for a phone call back.  The wait was excruciating.  I called a friend in the program (a step 3 act in and of it self)  and we read the third step prayer together.  In that moment I accepted the return call would happen on the universe's timeline not mine and I felt the weightless ness of turning it over...I think it's an important step because if we start digging into our inventory while still thinking we have control I think we would be overwhelmed by regret and fear. Working my inventory from the position that there's a lot that was beyond my control let me look at each individual resentment and learn how I tried to enforce my will.  I began to see the patterns and now I ask for those to be removed and act humbly in that I don't have total control or total knowledge.  I move through life in partnership with the universe today.  
I have made the decision to turn my will completely over to God. It is definitely because of him I've come so far...I will do some further research about the different faith's just to endure I have a solid understanding. Maybe my sponsor sees something that I don't and that is why the hesitation moving to step 4...Thank you!
It sounds like from the actions you list youre putting Step 3 into action.  Have you said the third step prayer?  If your sponsor said  are you ready to start step 4  would you?  If so further evidence you're done with step 3. .When I take guys through the steps we say the third step prayer and move on to 4.  I'm in no position to judge if they made that decision. I take their word for it at that point.  It becomes apparent if they start the work of step 4 or not. 
My suggestion is one word: relax! ..Oh and don't drink today. 
