-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9npstu/rigorous_honestyi_struggle_with_not_enjoying_most/

I'm just being honest and I'm welcome to being teachable about this but honestly I don't enjoy about 90% of speaker meetings I've been to. A lot of people are just drunkaloguging for all but about ten minutes during which time they share life after sobriety or start going into random venting about life without it leading anywhere specifically pertaining to a message... like so often I feel like I'm sitting there and just listening to someone vent about their life or tell what they used to do drunk and there are like a few nuggets to take away.... I don't know. I'm sure I'm being close-minded and I would welcome some others offering me an alternate perspective. But this is where I'm currently struggling. I'm only about three years sober too so I'm pretty much a baby in terms of long-term sobriety.  
----------immediate responses--------

You don't have to enjoy them it's not entertainment. Learn to listen for the stuff that's of value to you- that 10% that is useful will save your life and it helps the speaker realize sometimes that what they are saying may not be helpful to everyone.
what's the definition of "drunk-a-loguing''?..&amp;#x200B;
When I think I know what I should be hearing at meetings I'm playing God not trusting God.....  . ."The  rst requirement is that we be convinced that any life run on self-will can hardly be a success. On that basis we are almost always in collision with something or somebody even though our motives are good. Most people try to live by self-propulsion. Each person is like an actor who wants to run the whole show; is forever trying to arrange the lights the ballet the scenery and the rest of the players in his own way. If his arrangements would only stay put if only people would do as he wished the show would be great.". .   .I'd have a look at 61 to 63 in the book almost always when I'm having issues it's because I'm living pg 61/62. When I'm happy and content with everything I'm living pg 63...
I'm three years sober and feel the same.  Initially I loved them but now prefer discussion big book topic daily reflections and 12&amp;12 meetings.   I see it as a sign of growth. 
The big book suggests that we share in a general way what we used to be like what happened to change our lives and what we are like now. Often long-form speakers will follow this template. The book also shows us that when we are speaking to alcoholics who need help instead of grilling them on their own lives and choice we instead show them what we were like and how bad off we were and so they may come to the realization that they are not alone and there is a better way.
I was at a 45 minutes drunkalogue the other night that ended with  I know I have talked way way too long with my war stories . Boy did he have that one right. ..But he tried and maybe it appealed to one or 2 people who could see him after the meeting. I left at that point - couldn't take anymore. It's all good. .
I don't think you're being closed minded. Open disgusting meetings can be terrible especially when there's drunkalogs and complaining and people dumping their problems. I still attend these meetings but you should try to attend literature based meetings. Can you find some around the you?
There are a few possibilities:..YOU are the problem - there is good stuff being said but because you are negative you are not hearing it if you find out what is bothering you and deal with it chances are good you will go back to enjoying speakers again...The meetings you are going to have chosen a bunch of speakers who need improvement lately it happens try some different meetings ask others who heard the same speakers if they felt the same way you did - that will probably be an excellent conversation...Try discussion meetings - see if you like them better. Try meetings where we read the literature!
I was told that if you are sober enough to see when the solution needs to be shared more rather than complain about it you should raise your hand and set an example. Have you told your story yet? It's not as easy as it seems. 
