-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9nt5jr/going_to_go_to_my_first_aa_meeting_on_friday/

I've written a post on one of my difficult days where I felt so alone and miserable and a lot of redditors have recommended me to join an aa meeting. I don't know anything about how the meetings work or what a sponsor is etc but I've contacted an aa organization in my country (didn't even know they existed here) and they said I'd be totally welcome to join them ! I felt so glad bc I've felt really alone because I didn't know anyone around me who's really hit rock bottom and lost everything bc of addiction. I'm really glad to think that I might be able to join a community and meet people who've been through the same experience but I'm also kind of worried that i might go into a negative direction. It's honestly bc I don't know how the aa system works. I'm scared that I might meet someone who relapses and makes me go back to drinking again or something like that. I'm just worried bc I want to keep my sanity/mental health as intact as I can and protect myself from ... myself and my shitty tendencies I guess. Are there any people who've had negative experiences in the AA? How do the meetings work? I just don't know anything about the AA so I'm glad to join but also worried at the same time. Please share your personal experiences !
----------immediate responses--------

Meetings are great. Go with an open mind. Observe and lusten. When you get there the first thing you should say to the first person you see is I'm new I've never been to an AA meeting before. Everything falls into place from there. You will see! I'm so happy to hear you're going to a meeting.
Welcome ! just a group of volunteers trying to move forward in life. .
you don't have to hit rock bottom to be in AA. don't be scared. Be respectful so just don't show up late. people will be nice by being honest which is better then being nice. thank you for sharing keep posting and keep going back. 
I would strongly suggest trying a meeting sooner than friday if possible. I used to say i wanted to go but never that day and when the day finally came i chickened out. It kept me drunk a few more years than i would have liked.  .Being worried about relapsing because someone else does should not be a concern if you are drinking now then at worst you are in the same exact situation as you are now. There are really only positives to going to a meeting. 
Glad you're here
The only thing magic about AA is the group of sober folks with some time under their belt who will try to help you.   Just sitting in a meeting drinking coffee at a formica table will not get sobriety done for you.  Once you get your system clear of poison and decide to give sobriety a real try can the magic come to you.   But make no mistake success at long-term sobriety is hard work..
Rock bottom is wherever you stop digging!  Prayers to you in your new journey.  Don't be afraid to try many different meeting places until you find your fit.  Don't give up.  
I chickened out of meetings for months before finally going and thought I was going to collapse with fear when I eventually walked through the door. That part is difficult but since then I've ever looked back. Introduce yourself to the first person you see and say you are a newcomer and they will guide you from there. ..In terms of how the meetings work generally the chairperson will open the meeting and there might be announcements or people celebrating sober birthdays. There will be an opportunity for everyone to welcome you as a newcomer (just say hi and your name). There will be a reading from the big book and the chairperson will introduce the main sharer. This person will talk for a while about their experience and how they have found recovery. Afterwards (in my local meetings after a short break) the meeting will be opened up for people in the room to share back anything they like. The meeting ends with the serenity prayer. ..After about 3 or 4 meetings I thought I was sick to death of hearing the reading of chapter 5 How It Works. Over the months though I've come to love hearing it and at tonight's meeting I was happy to be selected to read it...People will come and go you will make friends and meet people that you are less interested in same as any situation really. It's not for everyone but as someone who really thought it was NOT going to be for me I am happy to say I was wrong on that point and now I get to around 5 meetings a week and always come away having learned something.
Go with an attitude of willingness and openmindedness.  It's easy you don't have to do anything but observe.  I wish I had introduced myself as an alcoholic and newcomer at my first meeting.  You should feel welcomed and relieved.  I cam away with hope that there was a solution for my seemingly hopeless condition.
