-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9o8o1z/when_and_why_do_you_change_sponsors/

Hi! New to this whole thing. Do you find a new sponsor after a relapse? My therapist has encouraged me to get a fresh start. I'm going to follow her advice since that's what I pay her for but I'm wondering what the norm is and I'd love to just kind of hear people's sponsor histories! Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

My sponsor has supported me through relapses. I don't think  starting fresh  is really a thing in recovery I think what matters is what is working and what isn't. If you think your current sponsor has helped you as much as they can and you need a  fresh  perspective it's whatever gets your sober and finding peace. I've had a few sponsors and to this day I'm still in contact w all of them. 
I had 2 move away and one that turned out to only have a land line and available for calls at 7am. I took steps 2 and 3 between sponsors with some fellowship friends...It was my job to take the steps.  I just kept plugging along asking for help from a wide net of fellowship friends I used my sponsors as guides and to have a sounding board when I was confused about the program. 
One moved away and later died sober #2 is still active and sober 35 years later. If you're still getting drunk you might want to ask someone you respect enough to call before you begin drinking again. ..Your call. Since you're not paying those responding to your question you needn't follow anyone's advice of course.
I ended it with my sponsor when he wouldn't stop bothering me about moving in with me. Had to put him on caller ID block and dropped the meeting i liked because I didn't want to see him anymore. ..Next sponsor wouldn't stop bothering me about buying Landmark Forum's life coaching program (on a credit card no less). He was doing their program and they make you recruit others so I ended that relationship. ..Both were AA big shots. ..Decided I was better off without a sponsor. Didn't need aponsor drama. 
I moved over 3000 miles away so changed sponsors. I like to see my sponsor in person.I changed again as my sponsor died then one suicided. Now my current sponsor is moving away. In 30 years of trying to get sober and finally putting together 14 years of continuous sobriety I have had 4 sponsors. ..If you are jumping from one sponsor to another maybe it's not your sponsor that is the problem. Maybe it is. Or it is circumstances like mine. It isbest to stick with one all the way thru the steps...Then as time life and circumstances change you might need to change sponsors. The important thing is the MESSAGE not the messenger. .1. Are you an alcoholic? Is your life unmanageable?.2. Do you need help?.etc. 
[removed]
