-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9osmrm/i_relapsed_two_days_ago_and_im_feeling_nothing/

I lost my family over it. My fianc  and her child. I slipped up and they found me naked unconscious when they got home. I don't remember. ..I had done so well I'm kicking myself so hard. A year since I had passed out. Almost five months without a drink altogether. I don't know why I thought I could have a couple and stop. I was most definitely wrong. ..I don't know what to do right now. I got up my fianc  came by to get some things. She said she didn't know if she wanted to work through this yet. She's angry and so understandably so. This is my fault. They are totally blameless. ..I didn't reach out to anyone when my depression and the cravings started rearing back up a couple weeks ago. I should have. I had reasons in my head but they didn't make any actual sense. Now I lost the most important thing in my life. ..I'm feeling very low right now like a little worm. Ashamed and guilty. I tried do get out and do things today though. I went to the store and saw a movie. But it keeps eating away. ..I'm not sure why I'm posting this. I've never posted here before. I feel very lonely right now. I don't have anyone really to talk to regularly. My place feels so quiet and empty now. I'm going to have to move if we don't work things out I can't afford the place on my own. Probably have two or three weeks...I work the rest of the week the first meeting I can make is Friday evening. I will be there. I should be able to make three to five a week. ..I'm scared and ashamed. I miss my family but I don't blame them at all. This is solely on me. I made the decisions that led to my relapse. I made the choice not to tell her or anyone else what was happening with me. I don't ever want to make that mistake again. I guess that's why I'm here. 
----------immediate responses--------

don't wallow. just focus on getting through each day until you can make it to a meeting and ask for help...at least now you know you can never drink again. you can just take that option off the table and start looking for new ways to cope with the seemingly endless struggle that is life.
As you know guilt passes. These episodes and losses will probably stay a part of your drinking. Since you can't make another firm and irrevocable decision and expect to keep it for long that leaves doing all the stuff in AA to remove alcohol from your life...Start any time.
&gt; I went to the store and saw a movie...Was the store the AA Intergroup book store and was the movie a documentary about working the 12 steps of AA? If so good choice. If not you know where you need to be and what you need to be doing. The reason I know is because you posted in the right sub.
I'm not really sure why I didn't go to a meeting today. I found two locally one I missed the other I could have made it if I left in time. I guess I was waiting on my fianc  to come back? Or just afraid? I'm honestly not really sure. Unfortunately the store was the dollar store for a phone charger and then Venom. Movies has always been my favorite sober pastime and times in the past I was sober i went all the time. It felt like a safe spot away from temptation. I've downloaded some apps for alcoholics and have been in some chatrooms this evening to try an occupy my mind til I go to work tomorrow.  ..Venom though if you haven't seen it  is pretty good. 
I'm glad you're here. Learn from this. What is your plan so this doesn't happen again? ..Check out also /r/stopdrinking. 
I remember the last time I did what you did. I was so pissed. I had 9 months without a drink. Before I knew it I was 10 beers in and embarrasing myself in front of my family and my wife. I remember thinking the next day "Well I fucked it up so I might as well drink again". And then I did. And I was probably well on my way to a 2-3 year relapse but then my dad almost died from drinking a week later and something in me snapped and I decided I wanted to quit at all costs. .
The only thing I can tell you that worked for me was getting my ass in gear after my relapsed. I had to force myself to not worry about what I was going to get out of it. I just did everything anyone asked me to do. Whatever my sponsor said I did it.
Sounds like you have developed an allergy to alcohol aka alcoholic.  The good news is there is a solution. Abstinence. Altogether. I have been sober and abstinent for 11 months...I had to get help thru Aa and working the steps and reading the big book in full. That was what worked for me and changed my life.
