-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ostkh/is_there_anyone_out_there_who_is_in_aa_and_also_a/

I'm struggling to reconcile the two. I'm in AA and working at becoming a manager but I'm always feeling like the two are opposites. As a manager I'm learning that everything has to be my way in AA it's the opposite. Can anybody help?
----------immediate responses--------

Pharmacy manager here. AA gives us the freedom to let our employees control that which is not necessary for us to control. We can turn over some tasks to them and let it be. Obviously we need to make sure things are getting done but we don't have to micromanage every step of the process.
Had the same feeling new. All my business cards had some form of manager as the title. It helped me to think of my work as a form of service to others. You're not the boss you're fulfilling a purpose.
What? ..You are learning in AA that nothing is supposed to your way? You are misinterpreting although I understand how this could happen. One day at a time don't take the first drink. ..One day at a time do your job as a manager. ..
I'm a manager and I think the biggest part is making sure people have what they need to do their jobs.  
I'm not sure about your managerial position but in mine I also get feedback and listen to my team members. Leading from the front I am actively in the trenches. I also try to guide and not dictate. The how is a little less important than the results. I lead a very large multidisciplinary team. I find that sobriety has helped me excel in my job with clarity and confidence to lead. AA and managing people are not mutually exclusive for me. 
A workplace is a somewhat controlled microcosm.  It functions because everyone agrees to some point that certain people have more power than others.  Management's goal in my opinion should actually be for the greater good of the company not your own good.  If you're working toward the greater good of the company then you're trying to get the company's way not yours.  Don't just abandon yourself to what you think AA is without running it by your own common sense first that can be very dangerous...
Manager here. .I have found AA has helped me to be a better manager and keep *me* and my *feelings* out of any business decisions I have to make...The traditions are  for me a good road map. .Principles over personality is probably something I mutter to myself a few times daily  
Thank you to everyone who answered here. This really helped and I'm feeling so much better. AA is the best.
