-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9p23kw/possibly_a_new_member_seeking_advice/

This is a little hard for me to write. It's taken a minute and some thought to post but I figured anyone with experience would be the best place to ask. Idk how much backstory would be helpful but I can always edit if needed. ..I didn't want to (still don't) really want to admit i have a problem. I'm in my early/mid 20s so I figured heavy drinking was just a norm. I've had a history of binge drinking mostly alone would go through 6 (usually more) beers a night alone. More often though it would be a handle of whiskey that I could go through in a couple days always drinking until I blacked out. I would sometimes be able to handle going a few days without it but most days I told myself I wouldn't drink I always found myself buying alcohol anyway. I would but little 375s to  limit myself  but would just buy more when I finished them. ..I didn't think it was a real addiction. However about 4 days ago (now 4 days sober because of it) I was driving to work and was hospitalized because I had a seizure on the highway. Luckily I didn't hurt anyone (I started losing vision and put on my flashers and starting slowing down) because I pulled into the median. The hospital said there was no neurological signs and it was from alcohol withdrawal. ..Got some medications to help with withdrawals from my doctors and I'm supposed to follow up soon. It's been helping with symptoms and cravings but here's the point to posting here: I'm having trouble coming to grips that I have a problem. I still can't admit it but when you face physical symptoms it's kind of undeniable the problem is there. I've had family tell me I should check into rehab but I really don't want to I want to be fine on my own. I'm scared to go to aa because of my own social anxieties and I know a lot of programs are heavily spiritual which won't really help me personally...I guess I'm seeking encouragement really and if secular aa groups exist? If so has anyone had any success with them? I know it's time to swallow my pride but I'm struggling with that but I also don't want to end up like most of my family who have lost family jobs and even lives due to drinking. ..Thank you for reading hopefully this is an okay place to post and ask about this if it isn't I can remove it. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for reaching out.  I'm an atheist and I was able to come to believe in a power greater than myself sufficient to work the steps and recover.  There is hope...If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
Good for you for reaching out! I've also had a seizure from alcohol withdrawals and I know how scary that is. If you stay sober you can hold on to the thought that you'll never have to go through that again. ..AA varies a lot city by city. In some places AA really is truly secular. Some cities even have meetings for atheists. Other cities are more God based because of the region. I got sober in Phoenix where it was very secular but live in the south now where there is a lot more God talk from members. I think the key here is finding a sponsor who will allow you to work with the concept of a higher power that works for you. I was on treatment with a girl who's atheist and she chose her dead grandmother as her higher power. Sounds weird at first but she explained to me that her grandmother is someone who would want the best for her and for her to do the next right thing. That's really all a higher power is. Basically I was bad at managing my life because I would end up drunk so I had to come up with a concept of something or someone who wants something better for me. ..Welcome and I'm glad you're here! 
I live in a major city. There is a freethinkers / progressive AA meeting. ..There is also SMART recovery which you can do as well. AA does not exclude other treatments. ..Glad you got a wake up notice without serious injury. ..The AA literature is available for free at AA.org. I read the second half of the text first. 
[removed]
Alcoholism is indeed a disease. It's going to effect your mind also. It's going to tell you that you don't need rehab   aa  a lot of things and for many people alcoholism will kill them. If you have gotten to a point where your body is having physical withdrawal symptoms I would open your ears and listen to the medical folks and not mess around. This isn't me being dramatic it's being honest this is life and death stuff. We bury people every year because they wanted to do it on their own they need rehab. The life you can have if you get this under control is beyond words we are all worth it. I will think good thoughts for you. 
I'm drinking 211 and watching basketball and having fun 
Reaching out for help is one of the hardest parts. I had many hangups about what I thought AA was in regards to it appearing religious of some description and I couldn't have been more wrong..it is spiritual in its essence and is completely not to do with religion. All I can advise is attend some meetings and listen for the similarities and not the diferences dont lend to much weight to particular words like "God" and peoples sharing will explain it's true meaning through their experince...I wish you strength and sobriety my friend.
All AA groups are secular.
