-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9p3w3t/cant_bring_myself_to_ask_for_sponsorship/

I have been in the program (second time) for over a month and no matter how many times I tell myself "I'm going to ask that person to be my sponsor" I just can't. I have trouble talking to people I'm not familiar with about the weather let alone asking them to guide me through the emotional process of recovery and working the 12 steps. ..Beyond just social anxiety another thing keeping me from doing it is the fact that so many people in my life that were expected to help me emotionally have not (father friends IOP counselor etc).  ..I'm hoping someone that has had similar struggles near the beginning can give me some advice or maybe tell me what sponsorship is all about because I'm reluctant to ask people to shoulder what I see as an intensive case.
----------immediate responses--------

I get it  I've been there. Rather than have overwhelming anxiety over this aspect of the program just try getting to know the people in your area. The social part of the program takes longer for some. You're going to here from some that you have to have a sponsor and yada yada. There are no rules what works for Joe may not work for Sally. Give it time  don't drink and go to meetings. Time takes time. .              Now is it a good idea to walk through the steps with someone absolutely. You'll find that person. 
here is an easy first step: just say  hey. i really enjoyed what you shared. i really related to....' and take it from there. just chat with people. don't even need to ask them to sponsor you right away. .
I too am not especially fond of people but I knew that if I had any hope at all I would eventually need to get over my fear of people and ask someone to sponsor me. I knew that my fear of people could actually kill me if I didn't walk through it and ask someone. I hope you are able to do the same. 
Yes it was really awkward. My wind pipe felt narrow and I felt light headed. In the end my fear of death was stronger than my fear of people. I'm sure my voice was shaking but I remember somehow muttering something like  I have seen you at a few meetings and really like what you said  then asked him to sponsor me and he said yes. That was a long time ago and it has worked out so far for me. ..The thing that helps relieve some folks is that the person you ask to sponsor you will more than likely do it. The reason being is that it helps them stay sober and because someone did it for them. 
[removed]
I relate totally I had an alcoholic father who neglected me because of his disease. It was really hard to trust people especially other men. One solution might be to ask the secretary at a meeting if they have temporary sponsors at that group. That way you don't really have to ask a specific person and if you don't like them well it's only temporary. I didn't get a sponsor until I was about 3-4 months in I don't recommend that but that was my journey. Good luck! At least you are moving in the right direction thinking about sponsorship that's fantastic for 1 month
Last time I got a sponsor I got down on my knees and asked my higher power for the courage.  
Just ask what they will suggest you do and when you can start on your first step. 
