-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9p53sw/getting_through_personal_crises/

Just sharing for the young adults who are newly sober like me ! I'm young n uninformed and this is just coming from my personal experience so please take what helps u from this post and dont take my word for word and regard it as  the best way to get thru addiction   or anything :-)..So brief history of my addiction - i've been to rehab twice addiction problem started as a teenager and progressed into young adulthood. Started drinking as an escape mechanism from my ptsd(awful fucking awful so bad up to the point where i'd have panic attacks by just riding public transport or seeing harmless strangers on the streets)...After my first rehab experience i promised never to drink again bc it ruined my entire life Physically and mentally. Couldn't function as a person/student. Also my body was completely WRECKED like even now i can't gain weight bc of stomach problems n shit..Anyways i relapsed bc my mental state never really recovered from my trauma. I still had my anxiety and triggers and i just couldn't take the stress so i started relying on alcohol/drugs again. also i had so much low self esteem bc i was ashamed of being an addict and that progressed into depression...So rehab again and from my second experience i learned that i absolutely HAVE to face my personal demons bc i fucking hate rehab(incarceration ffs) so i'm trying really hard to navigate my way through my problems...For a couple of weeks i  ve been having panic attacks and serious anxiety again. i was v unstable and stressed and scared. So i started posting on reddit bc i dont really have a support system at home and i felt like i needed help from people who've been through the same experience. Commentors recommended me to focus on taking care of my self in many different ways so i've been keeping a close eye on myself and how i'm feeling. When i'm scared n anxious i try to do the things the community suggested for me ex) meditating doing things that make me happy and ultimately it's relieving my anxiety and calming me down. It sounds so simple but i never knew this was the solution ! I always thought i had to fucking die or become a drunken mess. when i've calmed down i don't feel the need to drink or self destruct. Like i finally learned how ... idk how to put it but... how NOT to drink ! How not to escape ! How to really deal w problems...I think reddit has helped me quite a bit on this so i'm also sharing in the hopes that someone else might get the necessary help they need during their crises. I got through it!! It's the first time i ever got through it. So that means all of us can get through it. Even though it's hard it's part of the healing process (i think)..So thank all of u!! For being here and i hope u guys enjoy ur sober days :)
----------immediate responses--------

It kinda feels like im posting the same shit again n again but pls bear w me   i'm just someone new that's learning new things
I'm happy you are doing so much better and glad you are here. PTSD can be awful and the only way through is exactly what you are doing. I also recommend looking into a therapy called EMDR...IWNDWYT!!
I'm so happy you found us here! PTSD is so rough. I've been doing EMDR therapy and it's rewarding but very very hard. I'm finally processing trauma that I drank and used over. It's something I couldn't do without sobriety. 
Hello my friend...Don't worry if you stumble in posting. Your story is your story. To you it is important.  To me it is important. ..It just may help some one. If it saves a life you would be over the moon. Now I am not going to say it will but even if it helps. Guess what while type this I am not drinking...I found AA to be where I met like minded people who had gone where I had and understood me...They also had a new way of living and thinking that made it possible for me to stop and stay sober. ..My simple message to a new comer. 1 day at a time. Don't look at yesterday   it is gone.  Don't look to tomorrow it is not here yet.  That leaves you only today. ..If a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..I am here for you each day my friend. ..Your Friend John.         
