-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9p6kdp/im_at_my_wits_end/

Let my wife quit her job 7 months ago so she could focus on quitting drinking.. ive struggled with alcohol for a long time but I feel like im the only one really trying to quit. Now she doesn't work and shes spending $40 a day on booze
----------immediate responses--------

Quitting drinking ain't easy in fact the majority of people who want to stop drinking just dont/can't. .Tough situation for sure but we can't make others stop shit it doesn't even sound like you've stopped. Is she supposed to quit first then you next? .I'd just worry about getting and staying sober myself and not worrying about her
I wish I had advice that seems like a question for your sponsor if u have one. I feel you I let my sister move in to help with my recovery and now I'm in a worse position. Im putting my foot down no booze and an effort to make herself better or she's gone nov. 18. I wish marriage were as  easy  but I know it's not. Good luck friend. 
My friend...It is not easy with 2 together. Now I am not going to tell you to but perhaps think about a tempory separation. Only you can decide this or seek advice...One day at a time is how I have done it.  Forget yesterday it is gone   Don't worry about tomorrow it is not here yet.  That gives you just today.  If a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time  ...Also AA was a big part of my sobriety. ..I am here for you.  You need to be honest with yourself and with all helping you...I am here for you each day. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John.          
Having nothing to do all day is not great when trying to quit. 
I've been sober for years and still today the WORST thing I can do is nothing. I had a reminder of that a few days ago when I decided to "relax" by spending the morning in bed at the hotel. By noon I was depressed &amp; thinking about drinking...something I hadn't thought about for quite some time. I just can't lay in bed and expect to feel good. I wish I was better at that kind of relaxing I'm just not. Relaxing for me is helping other AA's or doing physical activity outside.
