-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9pa9dl/rollercoaster_of_emotions_the_relapse_ride/

I made a conscious decision January 11th of this year to get sober. I had that small window of willingness open up and I took it. Went to a meeting everyday for about 70 days kept 70 days of sobriety. Then a relapse. Then 30 more days...then relapse. 30 more...relapse. 20-relapse another 20 relapse so on and so forth until this past September I was barely able to get to around 4 days and I was drinking exactly how I was before I decided to get sober. I returned to the hell that I had built once before...Throughout all this time I've still been attending AA and working with a sponsor and being honest with my sponsor regarding my relapses. I had mostly completed my 4th and 5th step but by that point my relapses were more frequent and I knew I couldn't move forward and a lot of light was shed on what it really means to have a solid foundation with steps 1 2 and 3. ..Today I am on day 4. The first 2 days I had flu like symptoms and I have not been able to stop eating.  So I've been eating a lot of fresh vegetables and lentils as well as all the candy and chips I want...and water lots of water. ..Day 4 and I am finally feeling better again in fact I woke up this morning with a ton of energy and feeling very happy. The thing is I know that 'happy' feeling is a product of my body re-calibrating it's a heavy swing up and if I've learned anything from relapses there's heavy swings back down. ..I can get those 30 days and things get great and I feel ok and that existential dread creeps in and I say fuck it and boom. Relapse carousel. ..I'm ready to ride the rollercoster tho and take it to new levels cause being stuck on the go around feels like a very haunted place to be. I start an IOP Monday. I've been at 2 meetings a day since Sunday. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds a to me line what's missing is a sponsor and the steps.  
As long as you keep getting up each time you fall you're making progress...In sobriety we often keep track of the days to give us motivation and celebrate every day as a new victory. However I have heard of people that couldn't keep track of the days because of similar stories like you. They continuously got the same(ish) amount of sober days before relapse because their brains convinced them that's when the shit gets real. Maybe something to consider? 
Using AA to moderate a drinking problem is not going to work well. Until you're willing to talk to your guy before you drink I wouldn't waste good drinking time attending meetings.
Well done for making a commitment and sticking with it.   I drank for nine months in AA and that's pretty common.  I kept coming back and now have three years.  You only fail when you give up. ..I don't why your sponsor has got you up to step five because YOUR ON STEP ONE and you'll be there for a while until you get some sober time...If anyone asks how long you're sober look at your watch and say 'since I woke up this morning it's only a day at a time'. ....
I spent my 1st three months just working on step 1. I didn't rush through the steps and just concentrated on staying sober on that day.
Hi Im Neal and I'm an alcoholic who's going to delete this comment soon. I wanted to thank the OP for posting this. I fucking hate this disease and I hate the roller coaster ride described above. ..Pray for me to survive life starting in about 12 hours because I don't think I will. Those who are stronger bless you. 
Thank you for your post.  It was a great reminder of the emotional roller coaster of early sobriety.  Hang in there and do whatever it takes to give your body and mind several months of healing.  At around five months my mental obsession with drinking was removed.
