-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9q5rtc/sponsee_relapses_each_week/

Hi. I am a new sponsor. My sponsee keeps relapsing each week. We get thru steps one and two and then it happens again. I have suggested 90 in 90 discussed  tools  to prevent a relapse etc. I am at a loss for what to do. ..The sponsee is always gung ho and seems really interested. However she is not doing 90 in 90 like I suggested. ..Any advice would be very helpful.     
----------immediate responses--------

Are you sober? 
Hi. Yes. I am 2.5 years sober. 
Ahhhh. Got it! I know that sponsorship keeps me sober  I am grateful for the opportunity. But I would love to know if I should say something? Do I just keep doing step one and two each week? 
Some questions to ask yourself:..Is a sponsee's role to do whatever you suggest?..Do you feel like this is negatively effecting your sobriety?..Are you too "busy" or too "good" to keep on sponsoring this individual?..If any of the answers are "yes" then maybe work you're program a little harder...If the answers are all "no" continue to sponsor this person...You can't "make" somebody "get it" and stay sober. All you can do is work to "get it" and stay sober yourself.
You can't say anything right to someone who isn't willing to get sober and you can't say anything wrong to someone who is willing. 
Thank you! Very good suggestions.   
It might be time to ask her what she hopes to get out of working with you and let her know that you can only offer her the answer that you have found. I've been in your shoes. Sponsorship is wonderful though we need to remember that it is not a reflection on us what our sponsees do with the experience we give them. She might not be ready yet but I do applaud you for keeping the door open for her.
Page 96 has some good advice regarding their willingness.  I noted you said they aren't following your suggestions.  I've told sponsees to call me when they're willing; all I can do is show them what worked for me.   If they think they have a better way that's what they should do. ..Steps 1 and 2 are really only self knowledge which the book indicates is meaningless by itself.  Real recovery starts at 5. That's why my philosophy is to power through 5. ..For chronic relapsers I show then the forward to the first edition where it discusses the 75% success rate for people that really try. I point out that they may be in the 25% that never gets sober but at least they may get better or they might get it someday. 
She's not ready - might want to say  call me back after you have gone to a meeting a day for 7 days straight and not had a drink between meetings and we will do 1&amp;2 then. 
My suggestion would be to not get too wrapped up in her sobriety but to be there for her when she calls.  You shouldn't work any harder for her sobriety than she does.  
The BB answers this. Page 96.
I agree completely but there's a whole bunch of room between being able to stay sober for a week on just meetings and being willing and actively working the steps.  Like I previously mentioned the thing that keeps us sober-at least according to the program of AA-doesn't start until after step 5.  .However if someone's not willing which sounds like the case here they likely won't stay sober.  Again that's completely different from a willing alcoholic trying to stay sober in meetings alone.  
Fire her. My sponsor told me she didn't think I was ready that I sounded like someone in the midst of my addiction and that I needed to decide if I was willing to do whatever it takes or not. She said to think about it and let her know if I could absolutely answer that I was ready to do whatever it takes. I ended up deciding that she was right and I wasn't ready or willing to commit. She made it clear that she wasn't trying to kick me out of the program but she did say that maybe I needed to take a break from the program try some controlled drinking and come back when I was ready...I ended up drinking for a month until I hit the bottom I needed and I came back. I really was still in denial until then. I relapsed again but she supported me because she could see I was really trying. And now I'm outpatient rehab and have found exactly the support I needed. ..So I think sometimes being a good sponsor is calling someone out. Someone who still drinks weekly is not actually getting sober. Said as someone who went to meetings and tried for months and was exactly like your sponsee  really eager really wanting it really in denial.
Just spoke to my sponsor. She suggests that I ask her to do commit to 90 in 90 or find another sponsor. ..She wanted to know if my sponsee is willing to make this a priority?  Is she looking for the easier softer way?..Half measures etc. ..I did 90 in 90. I made it my first priory over everything else. I have 3 kids and they are leftovers and pizza if I couldn't make dinner bc that was the only meeting I could attend. Or sometime they got ready for school alone bc I ran to an early meeting. I was proud to be showing my commitment and they picked up the slack because they liked this sober mom. ..As a sponsor I can only give back what I got. Right?.
Curious: that one test the B.B. suggests about  controlled drinking.  Have you talked to sponsee about that to prove their powerlessness to them? When I first tried AA and failed I had not actually realized my powerlessness. My sponsor had nothing to do with that and I had to prove how powerless I was to myself. I'm still friends with my first sponsor but she didn't keep tabs on me and I'm grateful for that. That was about 5 years ago. I went back out but I'm back working a solid program with a solid sponsor. It took me time to get here but I'm grateful for that time out so I could really get step one and the program .
Suggest she call and talk with you before starting this week's drunk. If she won't do that then continue to answer when she calls and be kind. Appears she's not ready to take the steps before the steps yet so don't waste time playing her game. Find another newcomer to help.
Relapser here. Be straightforward don't try and push 90 and 90 just tell her what worked for you and if she's not going to do it she may or may not stay sober. If she can stay sober move forward if she can't move on and be there for her when she's ready..I've fortunately and unfortunately had two sponsor experiences this year. Both were positive but if I can't stay sober I don't want to waste someone's time. I talk to both of them regularly still and both told me to call them when I'm ready. .Also both have helped me in immeasurable ways even if I have had relapses. They've gotten me to a way better place in my life and I am incredible grateful..Even if it doesn't work out you likely have sowed some seeds in her head. 
Sponsee here I can't imagine doing a week sober just to relapse to doing a week so and repeat. It sounds confusing and painful. Did she read the first 140 some odd pages first??  Does she understand what she is embarking on? I mean does this mean she is getting up and saying it's her 1st meeting sober when they ask every time? Those things are humbling and when I had to do that ( stand up ) after my relapse it taught me a lot. It helped me figure out what I was fighting for. I wouldn't give up on her. If she has done all of the above then I'm not sure....but to be doing step 1&amp;2 over and over is crazy. Did u have her write out 10 ways she was powerless in her  addiction and 10 reason life was unmanageable in addiction?  And step 2 did she state 10 ways she would like a power greater then her to restore her?  Hope this helps
When I first started I went to 3 meeting a day 7 days a week. I had 1 commitment at a meeting per day. I called 3 women everyday. I called my sponsor everyday. I worked full time. I had 4 cats and a boyfriend. ..I drank every 2-3 days...I kept all that going for about 6 months before I finally quit...She'll stop as soon as she's able and everything you're doing is helping her. 
A sponsor said to me: "I will go to hell and back with you if you want to stay sober. If you don't want to stay sober you can go to hell by yourself." 
Gung hoe but not doing 90in 90?
Work steps quickly to get spiritual experience  
The point is you are staying sober.  Bill W. lamented that none of his prospects sobered up during his first six months of trying - until he met Dr. Bob.
Probably some of the best advice I've gotten as a sponsor was "Carry the message not the alcoholic" I too often got frustrated to the point It was hurting my program. There are times where it is best to not chase your sponsees. They are still holding on to those old ideas and anything you say or do won't deter them. Don't work harder for someone else's sobriety then they themselves are willing to work.
When she relapsed still go into the third step. ..But she isnt relapsing she just isnt done. Relapse comes after a long period of recovery. Not 7 days of white knuckling it. 
I am no one great. Just how would do thus...1 If unsure talk to my sponsor...2. Read working with others. ..3. It says don't waste time. Move on to next prospect...4. If this person one day wants to they know where AA is...5. I drank for about 7 years after first walking in doors of AA . Would you have kept struggling with me. I hope not...Just my view thoughts on this...John.         
Gung hoe about meeting me and talking. They are not gung hoe about 90 in 90 or calling before they drink etc. 
