-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9qwthc/my_problem_is_alcohol/

My problem is alcohol I haven't had a drink since December 18 2017. I go to AA because I have a desire to stop drinking. I shared in a meeting I took 4 puffs of weed to prevent a relapse to alcohol - Cause alcohol is my problem and I didn't want to drink. Now I got this huge resentment towards the group cause they said I got to reset my day count. - then when I asked them what is the difference between prescription pain killers or Antabuse or the different psycho-tropic pills prescribed by a doctor - that's not sober? I don't care what anyone says I'm keeping my date count to the last time I had a drink - even if i have to order my own 1 year coin and eat cake by myself. That's my truth.
----------immediate responses--------

I totally agree with your approach.
Right on. I don't even smoke pot but I caught a slight resentment toward one of the well liked old-timers in my group because he was handing out coins and randomly said anyone who is smoking pot isn't sober. It was totally uncalled for. I was already in a bad mood because I had just found out that "atheists don't exist" so I was having a bit of an existential crisis.
you are correct in my books. I will be 5 years sober in May 19 and have been prescribed medical weed for the past 3 years for PTSD. I use it as medication not to get stoned lol. For me it helps keep stupid ideas from taking hold cause playing the tape till the end a little high is really sobering. For me this is way better then anti-psychotics  &amp; Anti-depressants I was on before. Side effects are a lot better too. I did leave a group on this subject and found one more open minded. One time and only once someone challenged me on it my response was "Im in AA not NA".  
your problem is you not the substance. thats what the book says.
Hello my friend. If you don't see weed as a problem why have you kept track of days free of it. Why have you told us your days free of it.....You talk about resentments.  My big book tells me I must get rid of them. They are a killer...Just a couple of thoughts from myself. My 2 cents worth...Take care my friend. ..John.        
Well that will learn ya.....A meeting is not a great place to share that info....lol. ..Your sobriety is defined by you. .   .Bill Wilson our co-founder did.   . LSD AND NEVER RESET HIS SOBRIETY DATE!.  . .TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE. . .
Well if you bring your  cake here I for one will have a big piece and celebrate with you!..It's already been said -  to thine own self be true ..I had surgery very early on in my sobriety and used painkillers. I hear a lot of people in the rooms announce that they have all sorts of procedures and refuse any painkillers. Yeah that's not me. I used them sparingly and it was not an issue. I didn't talk about it in a meeting because of the kind of attitude you describe...You sound like you are doing great  
The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. Sounds like you belong. ..As far as counting days goes it's great for the newcomer to see miracles are possible. It is not afaik in the 164 page program that is the Big Book. It is however a lovely tradition. ..I consider my sobriety to be something very personal (*not* private) in my journey. If I'm ingesting something that's been prescribed by my Dr and approved by my HP and sponsor I don't consider it a relapse. Also intent is **HUGE**. 
I'll be "that guy" and offer a warning. Only from my perspective. ..Alcohol is my demon of choice. Weed kept me off if alcohol for 5 years. I considered myself "sober" for that period. ..BUT. ..Ultimately the money ran out to buy weed I was using quite a bit more than when I first started and to self medicate I started drinking again. ..I don't judge anyone in the marijuana maintenance plan at all. It's far less destructive than alcohol for sure. ..BUT. ..For me it left the door back into the madness of drinking too wide and I slid back in. ..So for me weed is off the menu. ..YMMV. Fight the good fight. And best of luck to you. 
The problem is your problem isn't really alcohol yeah it presented you with the most problems so far but why? ..It's likely addiction addiction arises by the same mechanisms in all drugs that cause addiction. ..Weed does this it increases dopamine and that increase causes genetic substrates in the brain to activate and produce a protein known as delta fos b. It's as simple as that when this is made it lasts for a long time and that's the cause of all addictions. ..Aa people don't smoke weed they call people instead I'm sorry your ticked off at your group but you gotta realize that's what they do. They don't take drugs if everyone in as smoked many of them would likely use alcohol again. ..Good luck I'm here if you want to talk about anything
You might be missing the point.  According to the book alcohol is just a symptom.  ..For me anything mind altering including weed is not sobriety and cuts me off from my higher power.  ..In think weed is just another seat on the Titanic. 
Here's the problem.  Very few meetings stick to tradition 3 which states "the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking".  Why?  Well our communities are full of individuals trying to recover from opiates amphetamines and other substances.  So every group/meeting has a decision to make.  Do we adhere strictly to the third tradition and tell those who are not willing to identify as alcoholics that we cannot help them?  Or do we recognize addiction to other substances to have enough similarities to alcoholism that we include them?  After all most of us have seen many addicts recover in AA.  I'm assuming the meeting you are in is full of "addicts".  Perhaps you could find a closed meeting that focuses more on alcoholism.
You are sober... might not be clean. But definitely sober. Im going on 5 years sober.. i smoke every now and then but the alcohol is what put me at rock bottom. 
&gt; I don't care what anyone says I'm keeping my date count to the last time I had a drink - even if i have to order my own 1 year coin and eat cake by myself. That's my truth. ..Boy howdy you really know how to show us!  Enjoy your cake.  ..&amp;#x200B;
&gt; I took 4 puffs of weed to prevent a relapse to alcohol - Cause alcohol is my problem and I didn't want to drink.  ..Back in the day I snorted that old school biker crank to keep from drinking.  I lost a lot of sleep over that.  ..&amp;#x200B;
IMO the difference between marijuana smoked by you and prescription drugs if the doctor.  If someone is on a prescription they are being monitored and watched by a doctor who knows thier addiction status...I personally don't take on sponsees that are still smoking marijuana but then again marijuana is really my DOC alcohol came after and was far easier to quit for me...&amp;#x200B;..That all said your recovery is your recovery and is between you your doctor your sponsor and your higher power - the group even your home group has no say and should be worrying about thier own side of the street instead of yours.
It's your recovery. Even Bill W. used LSD. HE didn't reset his date count. 
If I can share some experience- when I first came into AA I had the same attitude.  I started eating controlled pills (that I was prescribed) and quickly discovered they set off that phenomenon of craving the doctors opinion writes about.  Pretty soon I was abusing the hell out of them and then pills I wasn't prescribed a little marijuana etc.  The entire time I was portraying myself as sober in AA because I wasn't drinking but I was a hot mess.  In the end I had to swallow my pride and get honest with myself and my fellow alcoholics because the dishonesty was bringing me closer and closer to going back on the bottle.  Although it seemed like a disaster at the time several sober years later I see it as a huge moment of grace...I am grateful that AA gave me a kit of spiritual tools that keep me from taking the first drink (or drug).  If I was going to rely on a mind altering substance to keep me off another mind altering substance I am not sure I would need a 12 step program.  ..Also the book on page 62 tells me what the root of my problem is and it isn't alcohol.  If you haven't already I would recommend going through the book with a sponsor who has a workout knowledge of the 12 Steps.
Congratulations on a year.  How is your step work coming along?  Have you committed to a service position at one of your meetings?  Do you talk to newcomers?
Congrats. As far as I'm concerned you've been sober since Dec 17 2018. There lot of judgemental pricks in AA. Theres a woman in my group sober over 10 years and recently smoke some weed and it's legal in my state. The group bullied her into admitting a relapse. SMH. AA and the rooms saved my life and I've been sober almost 4 years but sometimes I think the program needs some upgrading. There's simply too much made up stuff that's taken like gospel such as the weed and pain killer deal. I don't recall reading about it in the Big Book. Weeds not my thing but if I smoked I'd still consider my self sober since Jan 30 2015. I'm a member of AA not NA.
I will send you a one year coin myself !..I keep my own count. I count in half yr. increments at this point. I used Antabuse (the horror. the horror). 12 steppers tell me I am  not really sober  I just THINK i am because I am not a 12 stepper. Fine with me. ..Had a sip of a drink a couple weeks ago. I ordered a tomato juice then a virgin bloody mary when they did not have it. Took one sip - YEP. Vodka in that. Sent it back. .. Not changing my year count. 
Most of what I'm reading has little to do with the program of AA as it is outlined in the book.  Keep your day count.  Who cares it is irrelevant and there is no "day count" in the book.  The problem isn't alcohol.  Alcohol is great stuff it's a decent disinfectant and good solvent.  Alcohol is a chemical that personally I become dependent on when I drink it to escape how I feel.  The problem is I have a proven record of it being destructive aka unmanageable in my life.  Good old evidence.  Not what I think is good or bad.  After I worked the 12 steps to the best of my ability that desire to drink was lifted.  That doesn't mean I am done or I do other things to change how I feel.  Now it is time to practice the program in ALL MY AFFAIRS.  So guess what time to work on putting away other destructive things.  Thankfully it is about progress not perfection... I say this I'm munching on nicotine gum...If you can find ways to change how you feel that are constructive I recommend sticking with that and over time look at the results you get.   Between me and my own higher power that has been my current lesson to work on.  If you can take an honest look at your history typically with help of a sponsor who has done the same you might discover if other drugs are a net positive or negative in your life.  The AA program does recommend following doctors orders and seeking specialists.  Self-medicating is not the same.  Generally speaking if a person is abusing doctor prescriptions it is NOT sobriety because it is another form of escaping life rather than facing life.  When life becomes a beautiful thing worth fighting for there is no need to escape.
hell yea dude everyone's journey is different. Congrats on coming up on one year!!!!  
I'd probably change your home group if possible although I say that without knowing where you live and what alternatives there are. ..One of my best mates in the fellowship hasn't had a drink for over two years but did smoke a joint a couple of times in early recovery. ..No one gives him any grief but that's probably because his service as secretary keeps his home group open 
You need a group peopled by those who will always tell you what you want to hear that you have not actually made an error. That way you cannot be wrong even if you were to drink every third day.  Because being told you're actually sober when you get loaded is the most important thing about AA...Enjoy your cake...&amp;#x200B;
The most worrisome part of this post is not the smoking but "Now I got this huge resentment towards the group cause they said... ."  Resentment (not weed) is the number one offender.  Other people's opinions are none of my business.  I never work anyone else's recovery program.
For me that's not sober. Sober is letting the world get to us without a layer of bubble wrap in whatever form. The day I stopped drinking I also threw away all my pipes and my bong and gave my weed to the liquor store guy. I lived next door to the liquor store but the pipes went in a dumpster a few blocks away (same alley as my house). I don't judge other people who use weed still but I do see it as a stopgap to keep from experiencing the real emotions under the surface. My fear in this situation is that someone who works the steps and goes through that process under the influence of a mood-altering substance might not get the actual depths approached in their recovery to get the strength of program that they might need later in life when bad things happen again. I also know that anyone who has recovered and completed the steps is never really done with recovery or working the steps so we all get to keep growing which reduces my personal concern in that point of view.                 ..After a time I quite cigarettes and coffee also. I actually do view it as greater sobriety since cigarettes and caffeine had such a massive amount of influence over my mood and emotions. However it's not for me like new HEIGHTS of sobriety it's more like I'm climbing out of a hole and trying to figure out how much farther the surface level above me is: where would my body mind and spirit be at this age if I didn't ever use any of those things can I possibly recover any of that hypothetical person?                             ..This is a good topic. A few months ago we had a reading from an "outside issues" drug abuse pamphlet and so it turned into a whole hour of sharing about drugs. I think that the taboo on drug discussion is important but so is talking about drugs as well: in this day and age I don't think there are many alcoholics who didn't also use something or other pretty heavily. The new Alano Club we just opened in my community has a new meeting  about  prescription drugs and alcoholism. That is it's not NA but  rather its  an AA meeting for alcoholics who are prescribed "psychiatric  /  psychotropic medications methadone buprenorphine naltrexone "and  the  like." The flier says "the culture of many AA meetings discourage their members from being open about medications they have been prescribed by   their various providers. We don't do that!"
i smoked weed for 2 and a half years after i quit drinking without a program and it made me feel more isolated suicidal pathetic addicted and spiritually unfit than my catastrophic drinking did. that was my path tho and helped me to see that i am powerless over all mind-altering substances. i have 3.5 years truly clean and sober now thank god. i didn't quit drinking just to be a slave to another substance. congratulations on 76 days without weed.  to thine self be true  like everyone else said. 
I remember the day my doctor told me that I was self medicating with alcohol. Now I have worked way too hard to find some clarity to mess it up with something else. To thine own self be true. 
I was heavily considering doing the marijuana route for my first couple of months in recovery this time around. The thing I realized after going through the steps and truly came to understand is this: Alcohol is not my real route problem my way of thinking and reacting to life in general are the real problem. Alcohol and to a certain degree in the past weed we're just ways to exist in my way of thinking. That was the true insanity of it all and alcohol was just a solution to escape reality and create more problems and more misery. I had periods of time in my life where I was entirely clean but I still managed to fuck up my life to the point of drinking. I do think that weed is definitely less dangerous than pot but I do know that my way of thinking gets even more fucked on any mind altering substances including the almighty coffee and cigarettes that I'm still not willing to quit so I can't really judge but I do know that weed does fuck up my way of thinking even more than it already is far more than caffeine and nicotine. 
What makes you so much different from others in the room that makes you need to identify differently?
