-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9rffik/corrections_or_police_in_recovery/

Im 6 months sober and work in community corrections and whenever we do searches and I find drugs and alcohol I find it leads me to struggle a bit. Today I found drugs and residue with paraphernalia. I start thinking about they way using and drinking felt. I then asked god to remove it and have been thinking it all the way through. I was wondering if there is anyone else on here who works in this field who has any advice? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I'm sorry I don't have this experience as I'm not in the line of work but well done surrendering to God and asking for help. That's not always easy so just wanted to give you an internet high five. 
A few people have told me that some judges prosecutors probation officers and law enforcement often have their own meetings that aren't publicly listed. A fair amount of people in those professions still attend the more public meetings. Sorry I don't have more info for you but I'm not in an occupation where I'd get invited to those meetings...I know some people find unlisted meetings to be problematic but I also understand why you wouldn't want to run into people with a card needing signed because you sentenced them or arrested them- etc. 
Do the steps and make living the 12 steps your number one priority /practice in all your affairs. . .I was a hopeless alcoholic who could not stop drinking I did the steps and completely gave myself to AA and the way of life. I haven't drank in 9 years and I also had to go back to the bar industry and pour drink for 40 hours a week at 4 months sober. I did that for a couple of years. .  .For Bill W the desire to drink was removed at once. . .For Dr Bob he wanted to drink for quite a while after he stopped.. .If we can't be around drugs or alcohol there is something wrong with our sobriety and we need to work harder at the program. .
Definitely share whatever you are thinking whether it's at a meeting with your sponsor or another person in recovery. Holding on to our secrets will always take us out. I'm not involved in law enforcement but I manage at a sober living house and I have had to deal with finding bottles needles and other substances during my time here. It always feels somewhat uncomfortable the juxtaposition of being in recovery and having to see the things that have caused myself and others our troubles in that regard. I just try to keep myself in a professional manner I know that's part of my responsibilities and I try to avoid falling into that trap of letting my memory return to thoughts of my drinking and using. Typically I find it to be a stark reminder of my past and a healthy dose of reality. But occasionally I have found myself caught in that insane thought of what would happen if I took a drink or a drug. At that point I know I have to do something because I'm some strange way that thought could lead to something more. The best thing IMHO would be to talk with a sponsor or trusted friend in recovery. That will at least remove then secretiveness from my thoughts and it won't be something that I am holding on to.
Anyone that drives down a city street will see enough of this stuff. ..I'd suggest staying aware of it's 'presence' to you how that varies based on your spiritual condition that day. When new I noticed sometimes I'd be very aware of liquor roadsigns beer trucks the alcohol isles in markets...and other days they might as well not exist. It informed me regarding my emotional balance together with other things...Staying aware of that balance has been beneficial.
