-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9rh8gb/how_oftenfor_what/

I'm curious how often you talk to your sponsor and what things you call about? And what are we supposed to call about? Asking here instead of my sponsor because I feel like I'm gonna drive her nuts. I'm almost 60 days in working step 4 and emotionally struggling. 
----------immediate responses--------

So I think it's muxh less important the actual content of convo and moreso that you're in the habit of reaching out. The best way to get outside of yourself is to ask someone how their day is going. A simple  how's your day?  Would suffice 
In the beginning daily (to go over the big day to day catastrophic feeling emotions). I would either see them at meetings and stay for a half hour after or on days I didn't see them call on the phone for 20 min - 1 hour depending on the day I was having.  I also had people who came in around the same time I did were my age and would text them throughout the day (for anything maybe a gripe maybe a chuckle maybe encouragement)..I was a wreck in the beginning! Lol.  Don't worry about annoying.  You'll pay it forward one day and realize it's actually not annoying it keeps you sober!
I had a daily call time for the first couple of years.  Didn't have to be long or deep conversations.  Just checking in to say hello and if there was something I needed to talk about we could do that as well.  If I saw my sponsor at a meeting that day I didn't need to call.  After a couple years it went down to 2 or 3 times a week. 
I ask new sponsees to call me daily as part of their daily program. This is so that we can discuss their daily affects and results from the new program that they are developing. After they have build some solid foundation I let them know to call me if they feel like they need a drink if they have used any of the tools I have given them and need to share if they have done stepwork to move forward with or any other reason they want. As for me I call my sponsor when I have a problem which is causing me emotional difficulties. Sometimes this is daily sometimes it's weeks apart. I completed all the steps a while back but I still do stepwork as needed. I like it it makes my life really easy. My sponsor does not really like it if I call him with a problem that clearly needs stepwork done on it to proceed unless I do that work on paper before calling him. He has kinda set expected hours for people to call him because of his job and family commitments but he gets back to me within a day if I leave him a message. He does not respond to text messages or text back.
