-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9sby5x/struggling_to_find_my_higher_power_again_after/

I still believe in the god of my understand. I guess I'm just a bit ticked off with Him. .I have no idea where to even begin again to be honest. I'm in rehab though at the moment. It's a 12 step rehab. We go up to step 3 as it's 28 day programme but I'm only here for 2 weeks as I'm also getting my meds sorted for bipolar 2. ..Guess I can use this as a starting point to start again but I'm just fucking pissed off at my higher power that I'm having a tantrum and refusing to speak to it. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's great that you are starting over! Be patient with yourself. It's normal to feel angry. In time you will grow to understand and appreciate all that happened to you. Focus on what you need to do today. That's it. The rest will come. Stay with it man.
When I find myself slipping into some spiritual or mental state of mind in which I find myself angry or resentful at others for any reason I try to remember what the program teaches us about a) accountability and recognizing our own role and b) resentment being the #1 offender leading to relapse. For example for me when I'm suffering some sort of misfortune I try to remember and recall what I DID to get myself where I'm at. Because ultimately I am responsible for myself. My HP has blessed me with a lot and guided me through a lot of challenges but ultimately I was responsible for the outcome - good or bad. Each of us has the power to recognize our own role in our good AND bad situations in life and in recognizing that role improve our circumstances! You're gonna be fine you're in a safe place getting help you probably need and being given the time to think about these things in a healthy and productive way. Your HP has always been with you and always will be. Good luck! 
Were you actively working your program doing your morning prayer and meditation and working your serenity prayer in your daily life when you relapsed?
I don't know why you're pissed off at your higher power; it didn't have anything to do with your going back out. For the time being use the power that's keeping everyone else sober in the group no matter whether you understand it or not. That worked for me in the beginning and I didn't have to worry about trying to understand a higher power.
That's ok if your higher power is anything like mine it will be there when you're ready.  
I'm not seeing a struggle to find your higher power again I'm seeing a refusal to try.  .. That's ok though if your higher power is anything like mine it will be there when you're ready. 
I thought the "higher power" thing wasn't a "thing" anymore?..&amp;#x200B;..What do other versions of AA teach if they don't teach the "higher power" ? 
Yep. 
I got distracted by the "what" of a higher power when it's the actions that are far more important.  For example "deciding" is the important action in Step 3.  AA has shown me that just about any power greater than myself that can restore me to sanity will work even if my own understanding of such is nominal.  Also God provided free will to make life valuable.  That means people will make mistakes but it is not God's fault when people take actions contrary to God's will.
