-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9sk9ie/living_the_dream/

Relapsed hard a couple nights ago.  I was a severe alcoholic in my teens.  Almost drank myself to death many times.  Quit cold turkey and about died from the DTs.  Relapsed to stop the shakes and quench the nausea so I could hold down water. Tapered off but I'm fucked for life.  Two nights ago really drove that point home for me.  ..I have been mostly sober but experimenting with it sometimes hoping to find the casual number so to speak.  Turns out for me the casual number is very close to the spiral down the drain number.  ..Been in denial/recovery for five years now.  Going to start going to meetings regularly.  I've been to a couple but never serious. Got a sponsor and my first meeting is Saturday. Not fucking around with that garbage any more.  Making the transition to the not a drop club.  I refuse to become an alcohol death statistic. ..Good luck everybody!  Hope your struggles weren't as extreme as mine.  I've never been so excited to drink some shitty coffee. 
----------immediate responses--------

It usually take hard lessons like you just received to lead to long term sobriety. Step one is the only step you need to get 100% the idea that we are like other people has to be smashed that's a painful one to learn.  . .My desire to drink is long gone the steps removed it 9 yrs ago. I no longer suffer from alcoholic insanity. The insanity of the thought of the experiment with the first drink. .  .I developed a deathly allergy to alcohol although I did have some fun when I was younger those days are gone never to return. Once I fully comprehended that and did the steps the desire to drink is gone.... I see the truth now. . .Your relapse can be used for building a very strong foundation for your long-term sobriety. . .
Come in. ..Sit on a hard chair...Drink bad coffee...Eat stale biscuits...Get sober...My friend you can jump off the train at any stop...Your choice...I rode it nearly to last stop...I was downing 3 bottles of hard liquor a day. 5 or 6 days a week. Job gone. Drivers licence gone. Self respect gone. Trust gone. Waking up in gutters in a blackout.  Lost control of all bodily functions. ..All I had left was debts more than I wish to think of. And criminal history long as my arm. ..Rock bottom.  No ..8 years of drinking left...This disease kills a person every 10 seconds...Go to bed wake up. 3000 gone. No second chance. Game over. ..Take it from me a mug. Get in don't drink. No matter what...My friend in sobriety.  ..I have lost a business I spent 12 to 14 hours a day 6 days a week building up. ..Lost my drivers licence. ..Declared bankrupt. ..Moved house...Abused and falsely accused by 2 family members on 4 occasions for up to 2 hours...All in a 2 month time frame. ..16 months prior I had lost my wife. ..Did I drink no...I most certainly felt like it at times...But let me tell you...Today I am greatfull I did not. ..This comes with your best interest at heart. ..Take care...1 day at a time I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John         
Check in with us often here. We care about you. I'm so glad to hear you have a sponsor. You are on your way to getting better!
