-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9sp1wp/brain_fog_and_identity_confusion_or_something/

I feel a ton of brain fog in a strange way. Not brain fog per say but intense confusion on what the truth is. I also don't feel like I know who I am anymore and like I had this personality that was fake or not the real me and I'm having trouble finding myself. I know that the real me is a lot more humble than this person I've been for years. Also I feel as though I'll have an opinion about something then a contradictory opinion about it a second later. It's as though I have all this data stuffed in my mind and don't know what to do with it. Nothing fits. I feel very uneducated and confused when it comes to people and life. The drinking used to leave me mentally blank so I didn't have to come to any conclusions. Maybe I'm trying to come up with opinions on things when I don't necessarily need to have an opinion. Like I keep going back and forth on whether or not my ex who just broke up with me was a sweet guy who had an undiagnosed physical condition that was telling the truth when he said the stress of our relationship was making it worse and/or he just isn't interested enough OR is he an asshole who pursued me only to leave me once I got vulnerable because he's young and possibly immature in this area. That's just one example. I am having identity confusion or something in the sense that like I'm recognizing I've sort of created this personality or became this person that went hand and hand with the alcoholism and it actually isn't me. The longer I go without drinking the more I'm realizing how much more humble sane clear-minded and less bitter I maybe am. It must be a really good thing and I'm sure it will be down the line but right now it's a bit confusing. I'm super new to AA and NA and had only gone to two meetings recently but been sober for 23 days today. I've never done a twelve step program but I think I'm going to initiate starting. Anyone else struggle with what I've described?
----------immediate responses--------

I think most of us experience this. I've experienced this. I got 16 months and dealing with some still. ..More will be revealed to us. 
Getting sober is totally confusing especially when we've been inebriated most of the time. We believe the lies we tell ourselves and mask all of our emotions. It takes time for the fog to lift but it will. I think I spent a lot of early sobriety reflecting on what I was like as a kid before drinking and drugs to when I was my true innocent self what did I like? What did I do? It helped me at least. Give it some time but don't hesitate to explore life and finding new hobbies and meeting new people... it's a new exciting chapter that is only terrifying because we do not know what is yet to come :) fellowship with people after meetings work the steps be of service and trust the process. 
Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome. You won't hear about it much in the halls but it is a significant challenge in early recovery.
I can sure relate to this! My entire sense of self has changed dramatically in getting sober and working and living by the principles of the steps. Have you come across the 3rd step prayer yet? Part of it says "relieve me of the bondage of self". Maybe a way to look at it is to see that some of your learned psychological coping mechanisms don't serve you well. Maybe some of the ways that you see life and other people and the world need to be changed. When we're relieved of these (the bondage of self) there's still "me" here but without a lot of the baggage of the past ways of perceiving and acting that always led me to be the irritable restless discontent "me" that needed a drink. In any event I'd say that from my experience and that of many guys I've sponsored you're beginning to "get" what's possible for us in AA and that it's really much more important to just keep doing the actions a day at a time than it is to "understand" right now what's happening. I'm excited for you:-) You've started on a path that really really does give us that "new freedom and happiness" in The Promises.
I identify a LOT with the having one opinion or thought  and also the exact opposite thought nearly simultaneously.  It's exhausting! It didn't make any sense to me and lots of times in my past had lead me to drink.  ..One example  I'd be walking home alone  and see a crowded bar with ppl socializing- I would think both "that looks amazing I want that" and also "ugh fuck that looks miserable".  What did I do about it then? Grab some nips and a six pack to resolve that dissonace...What do I do about it now? I reach out to other sober alcoholics. I try to be of service.  And I pray that whatever God is it shows me what I should do.  ..That contradiction is for me an inherent feature of my brain.  That's just how it tries to process things.   By getting out of myself I always feel better!..Good luck!
I can relate to this! Who I was while drinking was completely different than who I am sober....like night and day.  I remember drinking and talking to people and being super outgoing (I'm shy and have anxiety in reality) and the next day I'd see them and not be drunk and feel like an imposter.  Almost like "sorry that person isn't here right now"  I'd meet friends based on my drunk personality and not be able to maintain the friendship because I really wasn't that person.  It's not that you don't know who you are you are just rediscovering yourself without any outside influences.  This is the real you and it can be confusing to sort through these new emotions and new personality traits that have been covered up for years or more.  It is normal to fluctuate in opinion in early sobriety.  I didn't know what was up from down for a long while.  I'm still finding myself everyday I'm still trying to trust my instincts thoughts and feelings.  Now isn't the time to worry about relationships especially if you are single.  It's important to focus on yourself the rest will figure itself out on it's own.  Keep going to meetings even if you don't share.  When I was new I was told to go to them and "shut up and listen".  Try to do 90 meetings in 90 days that's what really helped kick start it for me.  Find a sponsor too this is important.  They will help you with the twelve steps and show you the ropes.  If you are a woman I can be an online sponsor until you find one.  Helping other alcoholics is what keeps us sober.  Best of luck! 
23 days is still  early days  dear heart. It may take weeks or months for the brain fog to lessen. And you may be on to something valuable when you say you may actually not  know what you think. Alcohol numbs our sense of reality and stops those neurons from firing. Give yourself some grace allow yourself to observe get curious about the things you want to have an opinion about. Blessings. 
[removed]
Yeah I had this kind of thing happen too. You'll come to terms with these changes. They say "more will be revealed" so just buckle in because you're probably not done discovering the discrepancies in your life yet. Alcohol wasn't a friend to us.
This too shall pass.. .  .It takes a while for the fog to clear that's why we really try to just take it day by day tomorrow will always work out for us if we don't drink today
