-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9spf5q/so_ashamed_i_relapsed_after_6_months_of_happy/

I'm so ashamed and disgusted that I relapsed over the weekend. I've been doing so well in the program. I go to at least 4 meetings per week have a sponsor set up at my Homegroup. I felt like things were really ok. Out of the blue I ordered wine with dinner and I was off and running. I spent most of the night in a blackout. I'm so ashamed and embarrassed I don't even want to tell my sponsor. I feel like such a failure. 
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed after 2.5 years. I had been very involved in AA holding several service commitments...I am so grateful I was able to walk back in the rooms introduce myself as a newcomer and start working the steps again. That was over 19 years ago...Some of us come into the rooms and stay. Some come in and relapse. The most important thing I think is to keep coming back and to be honest first with yourself.
It took me 2 1/2 years to finally come clean about my drug use and start all over by getting a new desire chip. I didn't want to be honest because I didn't want to lose all that "status" I had built up...But AA is not a competition and rigorous honesty is a requirement in order to get and stay sober. You're not the poster boy for AA so don't worry about your non-existent "status" as an AA icon; lots of people slip during their first year especially if they neglect the steps. And personally if you drank every day you need to be in a meeting every day. ..&gt; I feel like such a failure. ..So what? None of us got to AA on a roll. If anything you've finally proven to yourself that you can't have even one. You're on the first step which is the most important step and the only one we can do perfectly. Get back into a meeting and call your sponsor immediately. To delay could be fatal.
If you get the idea of committing to call and talk before you take the next drink you stand a decent chance of not repeating the error. ..What's done is done. Maybe watch your feet a little closer when you get close to your next 6 months.
I mean this to be helpful: relapse really starts way before the first drink.  Sobriety involves honesty no reservations and the commitment to change.  Maybe work with your sponsor to see what is truly going on in these respects?  Above all else however--keep coming back you deserve recovery and you can do it my friend.
dang 6 months is awesome. At a meeting a girl shared something I thought was a cute way of looking at it...if you get on your bike and are on the way to the grocery store if you fall down you get back up and keep going to the store...you don't end up immediately back at home. I dunno I thought it was cute cause I ride a bike haha. Congrats on 6 months don't beat yourself up thats huge. IWDWYT.
out of the blue? did you forget you have a problem?..i fell off the wagon countless times but it never "just happened." i always made the decision to drink. i have a hard time relating to people who relapse and claim it just came out of nowhere.
Please tell your sponsor immediately i guarantee you will feel relieved! Check in with us ok? We have ALL been there the important thing is you ask for help now.
I relapsed four days before my one year cake. I had to tell everyone or take a cake I didn't deserve. My sponsor was amazing and truly appreciated my honesty and helped me get back on my feet. It took four months to come back out of shame and I regret it completely. Nothing hut love when I came back. Now I have eight months and I'm proud of it :) 
You're not alone. I relapsed after 14 months despite chairing a meeting and taking on speaker commitments and following the suggestions that were given to me. I didn't want to tell anybody not my sponsor not my wife not my therapist. What's the big deal I figured one day of drinking out of 14 months is hardly the end of the world. But that one day turned into a week and then some. It was embarrassing to stand up in front of my home group and pick up a 24 hour chip to reset my sobriety date to tell everybody what I'd done. But when I did I found nothing but support congratulations on making it back to the rooms and gratitude for "doing the research" so my home group members didn't have to. Now I'm nearing 3 months since that relapse and much more humble about it much more grateful that this program and the second chance at living it's given to me...Some people are "one chip wonders" who come in and never go back out. But a lot of people aren't. We don't shoot our wounded my sponsor reminds me all the time...Honesty is the first principle and it doesn't come naturally to me. But doing the right thing telling on myself and hoping to learn from the experience is all I can do. If I can do that for today then I'll have a chance -- one day at a time.
Yup these relapses are dangerous as you can get. There's no saying you're going to make it back it in. That being said brush yourself off and move on. No time for worrying about what people are thinking. None of their business. It's your sobriety. You own your shit and move on. If someone wants to judge  you can nicely say none of your concerns thanks. And then go double down on things that know already work. As far as your sponsor up to you I would just real quick own it and move on. Don't change sponsors unless you feel it's necessary. Go kick ass. 
You have a disease. Your disease what's to isolate you. It will do that through shame and remorse. Anyone I know who has slipped and relapsed has only been met with love understanding and compassion. ..You are no worse than any of us even the ones that haven't slipped. We are all equal we are all the same. We all suffer with this terrible illness...Don't let your illness separate you from your recover. The hardest thing to do after a slip is come back but by coming back you gain a bit of strength...Good luck and love and strength to you...X 
Thank you to everyone for the kindness and support. In hindsight I can see that I had started to take back my own will. I prayed with words but I believe I started to ignore my hp. I'm scared that I won't be able to find my way back. I will call my sponsor this evening
When I relapsed I felt like it came out of nowhere but as time went by I realized there was more to it than that. I just hadn't yet accepted that I was powerless over alcohol powerless over how much I drank once I took the first sip powerless over how much I thought about drinking once I decided to let myself fantasize about it etc. .Definitely tell your sponsor and tell all the aa people you know about your relapse. Be open about it. You gotta be honest about it. No shame. Your disease wants you to hide and keep it a secret that's how it gets more powerful. 
Personally I have found that shame doesn't help doesn't make anything better and can actually make things worse.  Just because I'm more humble now doesn't mean I have to feel bad ya know?
You've been sober 182 of 183 days.....that's pretty successful in my book. Don't let anyone get you down. You know what you need to do....
It happens and just look for the cause and move on. Be grateful that you are able to come back to the rooms. Some do but most don't.
