-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9stsdr/well_fuck/

My sponsor tells me : We've never seen anyone relapse who does these three things every day :..- read the book .- call your sponsor .- go to a meeting ..Today I'm 0 for 3 and here I sit on glass 3....It's no shit no kidding.....And..  Well..  Fuck 
----------immediate responses--------

Some sponsors take the hard approach others are more sympathetic. The important thing is to find someone you identify with. *i say this as a person looking for a sponsor 
you know where you're fucking up. that means you have a chance at fixing it. keep trying.
Sounds like my sponsor!  It works if you work it! 
There is a lesson here - listen to your sponsor.  
Sorry to hear that but there's hope if you can learn from mistakes. Everyone makes them and they are part of recovery it's that simple for me at least. The important part in my experience is to examine why it is that we act or make the decisions that we do. There is always an underlying motive and that is what working the 12 steps helps to clarify. No one is perfect so at least give yourself that much leeway and don't feel that you have to look at yourself negatively in order to change your actions. 
I've seen lots of people relapse who do those things. . .Reading the book is a step in the right direction but doesn't change anything. . .New guy in AA keeps relapsing he comes back and says to his sponsor I'll do those three things the sponsor gets frustrated and says No! don't read the big book how read a cook book sponsee desperate to get sober does as he's told comes back and reports to sponsor he read the cook book.... The sponsor then say well you read the cook book did dinner magically appear?? .  .AA is a program of action we take our bodies and our minds will follow. . .No worries about the slip it took me 10 yrs in and out to finally get it... Only real mistake you can make in AA is to not come right back. .
A spiritual awakening as a result of the steps is what the book says 
It's a spiritual program - ya gotta start your day asking your higher power to keep you sober that day
I seen more people relapse only doing those things. It is all about those steps. 
Four isnt even the hard one. It is 9. ..Do the fourth. It isnt as bad as you would think. You will feel better once it is on paper. Even better once you find someone you can trust to do that 5th step. ..God bless :)
I think a key word is missing here- it's CONTINUALLY. .Going to one meeting calling your sponsor once reading the book once- that won't do much for you..We only have a daily reprieve. What I do today is going to determine if I stay sober today. What I do today doesn't determine my sobriety for tomorrow- what I do tomorrow does. You can restart your day whenever you want. It will work if you honestly try..Don't beat yourself up. I had 2 and a half years sober had a sponsor finished my steps. But I stopped calling her the book gathered dust on my shelf and I stopped going to meetings. It got bad but I came back and now do those things continually..Good luck. I believe in you 
That's why we always have tomorrow. Unless we take our ways until the gates of death. So you have another chance to follow the simple suggestions of the program tomorrow. Also get honest with your sponsor and your fellows. You're as sick as your secrets. Keep coming back. You never have to be alone if you don't want to.
I was told that it is 5 things you have to do every day :..* Pray in the morning (help) ..* Read some literature..* Talk to another alcoholic (sponsor or sponsee) ..* Go to a meeting ..* Pray at night (Thanks) ....
32 comments at the time of my post 5 comments about the steps...  The program IS the steps a sponsor is a guide through the steps and meetings are a place to share your findings about the steps.  That's it anything else is just watered down AA.  Try this guy he's great to listen to when you're willing.  https://youtu.be/WdV2iUAoPQA
This is contradictory advice IMO. The BB repetitively emphasises the importance of connecting w your HP and helping other alcoholics. Not necessarily staying in touch w a sponsor or going to an organised meeting. Keep reading the BB. It works.
I'm done writing my fourth it made me feel quite shitty and I haven't moved to my fifth yet but I'm supposed to on Thursday. That fourth felt really draining though I feel like it is a tough one my sponsor told me people go out on that step.  You can do it though if you keep working at it you'll do just fine what matters is that you're trying. We claim spiritual progress rather than perfection no one among us has been able to maintain anything like perfect adherence. Every morning I start my routine even if I have to drag myself through it I read 60-63 say a 3rd step prayer 86-88 and leave my house with the thought of Thy will be done. And I make my bed. This is just what's helped me stay sober and what my sponsor directed me to do and it's been working so far for me. Also my sponsor tells me to share at meetings because there was a time where I wasn't feeling good after meetings and she said it's because I'm just taking away and I'm there to spread a message of my experience strength and hope. I really hope you keep working at it it's so worth it.       
.[resume without fuss](http://art.zerflin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Sir-Terence-David-John-Pratchett.jpg)..We have your back. 
If someone is committed to recovery nothing you say or don't say can stop them.  If someone isn't committed to recovery nothing you say or don't say can help them.  The fact is that honesty open-mindedness and willingness are absolutely needed.  The fact is that I had to want sobriety more than the drink...&amp;#x200B;
It's all about the cycle. Like waking up dress in a hurry take the same bus to work everyday.  Habits are tough to break - especially ones that involve lifestyle habit and addiction.   That's where residential programs come in to help daily drinkers break the cycle.   Once the thing is broken you can finally begin to hear the message of recovery...I guess that I was lucky as I was an occasional blackout binge drinker.   I only had to foresee a binge coming then try to prevent it.  Since I was not trustworthy I hired a babysitter to stay with me when the cycle was roaring.  That helped me get through it.  After breaking my cycle 3-4 times I was good to go.  Now have 15 solid years in AA...
There's more to do as you go along but to your list I'd add to not drink between meetings and also to speak with a member before you drink again...Do all of that and you can make a decent start at this. Without having that minimal amount of willingness imo you're wasting everyone's time and should return when you've got that much going for you. Going too early is often an error and only results in spinning your wheels.
hot take here cause I know you like your sponsor a lot (I read through the comments) - your sponsor is being dishonest with you. I've been in the program w a few different sponsors now and in my experience its the the newly sober sponsors who talk like this. Of course there are people who work vigorously and relapse. Addiction is a lifelong disease progress not perfection.  You only fail if you give up hope for a better way of life. We dont chant  "read the book call your sponsor go to a meeting" at the end of each meeting. 
The suggestion I heard was different and had actual experience to back it up. ..A fellow in my local AA had asked many people who had drank after a period of sobriety and made it back to meetings .." on that day you drank did you ask god to keep you sober "..The answer was always no...So even on mornings when I don't feel like it I do my best to ask god to keep me sober for that day I still have some bad days but i have not drank in quite a while. Something to think about.
