-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9t1irx/when_your_spouse_is_a_trigger/

Hey everyone.. I'm new here and newly sober (5 days and counting currently). I'm trying and it's very hard. The biggest trigger for me is fighting with my spouse and several times this year it has caused me to relapse. The fights just get so heated and I have a physical response and it seems like the only thing that calms me down is a drink (lately I've discovered I can also go on a long walk). But I'm worried about this. If we have a worse fight or something what I will do. Honestly lately I've thought i might need to take a separation until i get my sobriety in check. But he would be devastated if I did that. Just posting this here to vent and maybe get some advice...thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

This hits close to home. Have you guys talked about going to therapy? I am sure there are resentments that have built up. My hubby and I are in a good place right now. But the last two days he has been passive aggressive in his comments. I chewed my tongue and tried not to turn in my own version of the Incredible Hulk and lose my shit. I didn't. Because that's my choice. I choose how I react to things. ..This morning he told me is very stressed out at work. I asked if there was anything I could do to help and he said  just keep on what you are doing? ..I am further down the road than you and therapy has helped me so much. Also I go to meetings and it keeps me calm. I have never shared anything in these groups but it does help! Good luck to you and congrats! 
The big book of A.A. is very clear about why we drink. Resentment is the biggest offender. If we can't let go of our resentments we eventually drink again. Step 4 is all about treating our resentments and fears. ..You may have resentments against your wife. I definitely had them for my girlfriend. ..Many people are tempted to drink when writing down their 4th step. You may want your sponsor present give you direction or help you write it. ..The big book has clear directions on how to do the 4th step. It's a tool that I use whenever fear and anger crop up in my life. 
Possibility (1). You are an asshole - if so Step 4-5 and a lot of time should help..Possibility (2). She uses your disease to  pull your chain .   If so try to get her to Alanon..Possibility (3). Both 1 and 2..Good luck..
Maybe a couple weeks apart while you work on your sobriety is best. You cant be a decent partner if you dont have your sobriety in check. 
Stay where your hands are. ..Worrying about what 'might' happen is never helpful. ..Keep walking if that works keep that going. .Getting to a meeting is what helps me when my thinking threatens to tail spin. AA / SMART / whatever works. 
I see you u/iamthegreenfairy..Yesterday my wife and I got in a big fight (I'm 4yrs sober) and I felt like I used to feel when drinking. Chemically I think those same substances were flowing through my body. It was eerie.   .Don't let her take you back out. She's not worth it no matter how much you love her.  .Work the steps with a sponsor &amp; keep going to meetings!
Taking a step back from a toxic relationship was the only way I was ever able to stay sober. It was the greatest relief to finally feel like I was responsible to myself and only myself. Consider what's important in life you being able to find recovery and live a normal life or you staying stuck in a relationship that causes you to feel simply insane because you're worried about his feelings. We say it's a selfish program for a reason because the most loving thing you could do at this point is take a step back from the relationship for your own good. We aren't responsible for other people's emotions especially if in the end of it all we are making the right decision for ourselves. You aren't responsible for his livelihood you are solely responsible for your own at this point. There's nothing that I have to offer to anyone when I'm loaded so staying with someone when I'm loaded is doing a disservice to myself and them whereas focusing on myself is not only freeing myself from my codependence and allowing me to focus solely on getting out of my active alcoholism/addiction while also freeing my significant other from being in a relationship with someone who simply isn't in any condition to be in one(and I'm speaking for myself I wasn't in any condition to be in a relationship when I was getting loaded).
Move out and tell her your sponsor told you to not have any relationships for a year!..Seriously you need to set your priorities and get your head in the program. You can get well regardless of anything or anybody. The only requirement is a willingness to trust God and clean house. If you see you're headed for an argument call your sponsor and leave the house.
Nothing CAUSES you to relapse except picking up the drink. I drank because I am an alcoholic not because i was mad at her or happy with thisthat or the other thing. It is only by the grace of a God of my misunderstanding and 12 spiritual steps of ACTION that I am sober today. I got a Big Book and found a sponsor willing to go through every word with me. I Prayed for the willingness (even though I didn't  believe) to take every action as I came to it. I chose to Live my life one day at a time. I Stopped playing the victim and accepted that I drank because I was powerless over alcohol. My wife stopped fighting with me my kids are no longer scared of me and I haven't found it necessary to take a drink for quite a few 24 hours in a row.
Hello I don't give advice...I found for me my sobriety had to come first.  No matter what.  Any one or any thing that came between myself and my sobriety had to be dealt with.  If this meant it had to go  it had to go. ..I do it 1 day at a time.  Yesterday is gone.  Tomorrow is not here yet.  I have just 1 day today. ..Just 1 day I don't drink. ..Take care John         
