-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9t69lo/191_days_clean_and_sober/

191 days clean and sober. I'm struggling though. I'm on step 4 and have documented 15 pages of resentments so far...haven't really been going to meetings this week or last week. I went Sunday. That was the last I went. I feel that when I only go once or twice a week I stray away from Recovery and the  little guy  in the back of my head starts to surface (that little bastard)...Sometimes the negative fleeting thoughts are not so fleeting and I can feel myself wrap around those thoughts with a type rope and reel them back into my head until they become insatiable cravings...I haven't been calling my sponsor as much nor am I calling other addicts/alcoholics....Obviously I need to go to meetings but I also feel an invisible force preventing me from doing so...Thanks for letting me share.
----------immediate responses--------

Remember that we deal with alcohol - cunning baffling powerful.  Without help it is too much for us.  
Hang in there.  You have good observations about your current practice.  Sharing about where you are in the steps would be valuable for you and your fellowship to here.
Going through a 4th step brings back some serious feelings. I felt shame guilt like I was an absolute piece of shit and a burden on everyone. My sponsor was there every day for me and I was able to do kind of mini 5th steps while working through the inventory those kept me sane until we got to the actual 5th step. Find some people also working on their 4th and talk to them. That helped me relate to others and realize I wasn't alone. Just remember that AA is always there but most people aren't going to chase you down and keep you responsible. However people are just one phone call or conversation away. I would recommend getting a service commitment they make me feel more accountable and then I can't miss that meeting. That little voice is a liar don't listen to it. Think back to day one and what brought you into the rooms and think about how your life has changed in only six months. 
I couldn't do this on my own. I tried many times and it didn't work. In early sobriety I went to a meeting every day. I called my sponsor every day. I did the steps swiftly and didn't sit on anything too long. I also did online video meetings at intherooms.org. I listened to a TON of speaker tapes via YouTube. I gave out my number a lot at meetings and tried to help others. I remember being 10 days sober and someone came into the meeting crying and I tried to make her feel better. It made ME feel better! Most importantly I didn't drink and asked God to keep me sober and give me the strength to carry out his will for me every day. ..I'm on 19 months and it's going really really well. I can only offer what I did and hope it may help you                   
4th step was the hardest for me... I'm really glad to hear that you've written 15 pages it means you're putting the right amount of effort. Every time I did a half assed 4th step that was 1-2 pages I wound up loaded this time around I spent 5-6 hours a week for about 3 months writing on my 4th step and it was hard I spent much time crying and forgetting that the reason I was writing was not to ridicule myself for my past behavior but to look at it with love and acceptance and make a point to analyze it and truly understand the patterns of my behavior and see where I needed to work on myself and just how far the extent of my using reached through other people's lives. I would suggest calling people in the program and going to a meeting and sharing exactly what you've posted here. Let us know that you're struggling and we will help you. Stay in the process you're doing great
Step 4 hurts a lot. I needed to push myself through it. I didn't realise how horrible I was feeling till I did step 5 and got some relief from it. Try to force yourself to make a step in the right direction like if you can't call someone send a text asking them to call you when they have time get to a meeting today and worry about tomorrow tomorrow. Take some commitments so you don't have to think about whether to go to a meeting you're automatically there. If it's too hard and that invisible force has you stuck pray for help. Chip away at that 4th step don't drag it out. My sponsor was busy when I was writing mine so I got other women to help me with it I didn't want to wait. Getting it done was a huge revelation you will not want to miss it.
Yep you are a normal alcoholic.  Nothing you've stated is unusual for us.  That invisible force you feel is fear.  When we face our shortcomings in steps for 4 and 5 the realization sets in that we suck and have to take our masks off.  Don't drink and get to a meeting.  Keep isolating and living in your head and risk another drink or feel miserable enough to drink.  Good luck.  
Congrats on 191!  Awesome!  I'm on the 4th step as well.  Everyone I've spoken with   encourages me to not miss mtgs during steps 4 and 5 because they seem to be the steps that derail people.  I've had the urge not to go and have been struggling with old behaviors I know will lead to bad decisions.  So for me...meetings!  Even when I have to drag myself there and I'm pissy about it which has been the norm for 2 weeks.  I have service positions at several mags so I cannot skip them.  That really helps me.  Good luck on step 4!
 I'm worried for you! Do you have a home group that will hold you accountable? Has anyone called to see why you haven't been to a meeting? I'm a chronic relapser and what you've described for me is the beginning of a relapse. I went back out on step 4 several times and each time was worse than the one before. Get thee to a meeting! 
The real question on the resentment inventory is what do you have in the fourth column; what is your part?..&amp;#x200B;
