-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9tay16/advice_on_going_back_to_work_after_treatment/

I'm only a week in. But some people are completing their discharge plans and I've just done my relapse review today where I explained I'm a carer for the elderley. I love my job but leading up to relapse I used it as an escape from home life as I felt discontent at home. ..My work have terminated my contract to let me get better and have said I'm welcome to come back any time when I am ready..The Priory treatment centre suggest a phased return of 2 to 4 weeks. Of course I need to have an interview and training again. ..However to be honest I need my meetings I need a sponsor I need to work the steps again and build a solid foundation for my recovery. .I'm beginning to think that maybe something like 6 months to a year may be what I need. .There has been some seriously traumatic events that have happened in the last 4 years running along side my addiction getting progressively worse.... I need to give my self a chance. .I can apply for benefits but this sometimes makes me feel shit and my ego has a go at me. I want to work. ..But to be honest I need to get well I need to get in to recovery I need to heal. ..I've probably answered my own question here. .I'm going to post this on the advice subreddit too. 
----------immediate responses--------

Are you contemplating taking 6 - 12 months off work? That seems excessive to me. Why can't you work a job and work on your recovery? It would probably be best if you stayed busy. ..That being said remember that it's one day at a time. Try not to worry too much about what you will do when you're done with rehab just focus on the rehab. 
I agree with /u/EthanEdwards84536 that 6-12 months seems excessive especially if the treatment center has advised 2 to 4 weeks...On the one hand I'm thinking "Sure if you can afford it why not" but on the other hand I'm thinking that you need to learn to balance recovery and life and build a foundation of balance right from the outset.  Otherwise getting back to work could mean relapse or cutting down meetings too much too quick or any other number of things...I know one person who took extended time off after treatment and once she finally did get back to work she never adjusted quite right ... "Enough time off to never want to work again" kind of thing which for her was actually almost an option...Everyone else I know who has done the treatment thing has gone right back to work after (as for most it's a leave from a full time job and they have no choice) and then they learn to balance life and recovery as they go.
Work is a positive way to occupy your time for sure.  And use that downtime you have to devote to your meetings and recovery. Food Work Recovery and Sleep: 4 great essentials. Taking 6 months off might give you too much free time. That can be difficult to handle. 3 years into my recovery I still don't take more than a week off with vacation time because as the saying goes idle hands are the devils playground. Find a sponsor and let them help you manage your time at first. You can do this!
Thank you for these responses. .I think I went in to panic mode really. I agree that 6 to 12 may be a bit too much. .Need to take it a day at  time really. Focus on my treatment here at the priory first the the meetings and focus on the steps etc. .Much love to you all x 
