-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9tbr8j/rock_bottom/

I had been drinking almost every day for about 20 years.  Smoking pot doing cocaine opiates pretty much any drug I could get my hand on but was always able to stop those until recently.  I got married September the 8th and 3 weeks ago my wife set in motion the annulment of our marriage.  I had taken wedding money and spent it on cocaine drank at least a bottle a day and lied to her about everything.  I hit rock bottom.  And while it's completely cliche it's TRUE that when you hit rock bottom the only way to go is up.  In the past 3 weeks i have not had a drink or put anything else into my body except copious amounts of Halloween candy.  I have started working the steps and in turn finding my triggers as well as my strengths.This sub is a godsend and I'm so looking forward to getting that red chip next week.  I cant wait until I have a year or 5 or ten God willing.  I hope that together we can all find strength to defeat our diseases and that we will treat every other member of a.a. as an insurance policy.  I believe we pay into each other so that we can draw on each other one day.  I'm praying for all of you to have peace and control over your struggles every single day!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you.
God bless you.  Just a neat thought I've heard: don't concern yourself with years of sobriety; focus on sobriety in your years.  You can do it ODAAT.
Love that you have a sponsor and are working the steps. The steps are AA. Many miss it though.
Awesome!!! It sounds like you are doing great. Just keep up the work. 
Hey welcome and so glad you are here.  Rock bottom in my experience was terrifying but also the best thing that ever happened to me...Keep coming back.
Welcome friend. Not only could I not stop drinking/drugging. I couldn't stop doing all those things you talked about. Stealing/lying. The steps provided a path up and out. Life keeps getting better!
Good job friend. Keep it up!
Good for you keep coming back as they day.
One day at a time.  One hour at a time.  One minute at a time.  One second at a time if needs be.  God speed and good luck.  
Congrats !!
Hiya thanks for the great posting/share. It was people like you sharing their experiences and their hopes that gave me the strength to continue each single day no matter what...Thanks again. Congrats!
Use all the support you need. Ask for help. Get in the middle of the boat and stay there. Congratulations on choosing to save your own life. 
If I can get sober - anyone can. Prayer + Big Book + Meetings + Sponsor + Repeat
Way to go keep it up!
Glad to see you got a sponsor and started on the steps.  
Great work dude.  Sounds like we were in a similar place.  I'm 7 months in and after being a daily drinker for 20 years I have to tell you sobriety is a freaking trip in a beautiful way.  Keep up the good work and stick around.  What you have accomplished already based on the info you gave is already remarkable.  
Love you bub best of luck on your journey. Feel free to message me if you need someone to talk to.  Let us know how things are and just try to take it 24 hours at a time. If that's too hard do an hour or a half hour 5 minutes or even 60 seconds. 
Good on you for taking those first steps! It's a crazy whirlwind man but you will be so thankful everyday that you did this thing.. for YOURSELF! Keep at it!  
YOU GUYS are the reason I'm having such great success!  I love all you guys!!!
Sounds a lot like my story. Stay devoted to your newfound sobriety. It's really worth it.
