-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9v2jsj/need_encouragement_was_just_blistered_by_my/

I relapsed for the second time.  I just picked up my first white chip in July.  My AA sponsor and his clique are all people who picked up a white chip and have been sober ever since.  I'm not like them.  I fear that I am one of those  constitutionally unable  types...I'm working on steps 4&amp;5 and having a really hard time with it.  I went to a meeting today and picked up my third white chip and explained my situation.  I knew my sponsor and his clique wouldn't be at that meeting though I don't think I was intentionally trying to avoid them.  Everyone was very supportive...I got home and called my sponsor and told him what had happened.  His response was  well what did you think was going to happen? And  you are going to lose your family.    I know this. It's all I ever think about.   I've never responded very well to tough love.  I just feel worse.  I really need encouragement...Has anyone else who's had a tough first few months with AA got an uplifting story to share?
----------immediate responses--------

I know only a few alcoholics that  got it the first time...Let yourself mourn what you thought you could or can control.  You are what you are.  Let go and pray.
I probably would't work w someone who is "clique-ish" to begin with but....relapse is super common more-so than not. My physician my doctor told me very plainly that this is a life-long thing (addiction) - entire.lifetime - it's unreasonable to think that it's easy to just abstain forever. ..I've struggled with relapsing this year and unfortunately at my 3rd relapse my sponsor had to 'let me go' - she said 'you know what this program can offer you when you are ready I can help. Please keep in touch' - and I do I still talk to her to this day. I still attend AA daily twice a day. I've about to come up on 30 days again. I made it through my 4th and 5th when I had some more time...I decided to halt on the steps though for me its not really possible to move forward if I don't have a solid 1 2 and 3...my relapses kind of taught me that. ..You only lose when you give up. Good luck you got this!
Progress not perfection. Think about what didn't work for you this time and make some changes so it doesn't happen again in the same way ( and hopefully never again).
are you willing to do whatever it takes to get sober? maybe you should get a medical professional involved in your recovery. aa alone doesn't work for everyone.
People who "got it" the first time just happen to pick up the chip when they were truly ready. Nothing else differs as to whether they are affected by alcohol the same way....I "got it" the first time but I tried to quit a thousand times and by the end of my drinking I quit and relapsed once a day. I woke up with full hope it would be different this time but I failed by the time the 3PM hit just couldn't keep it together....I had to go through a proper lashing by alcohol before I made the admission that I was not like other drinkers my life was insane and completely spun out of control. I had to make the stern decision that I have to do this for myself not to look good or satisfy my lenders and I need help- any help form anyone and anything. Please God help....Somehow from that admission I went to AA and did the things they said. Nobody threw me under the bus or treated me like an outsider or failure. I was warned by my sponsor about dangers that are coming and I got support while I transitioned from toxic friends who quickly disappeared with my drinking....The only difference between you and I is that you discovered AA before you were 100% ready to admit. It means nothing as to the quality of life you can have the value you bring to the program and the limits that are placed in front of you. You and I are both alcoholics and that's the basis or our relationship. Do not waste time splitting hairs as to the type of people you're surrounded by just focus on the goal of staying sober - ONE DAY AT A TIME. Count the minutes if you have to....Don't think of your sponsor as one of those guys. If you feel bad about your relapse use that feeling as a reminder to try again; to regroup and try again. For a real alcoholic this is the only fight worth fighting it keeps you in the game and as long as you keep playing doors will present themselves...If your sponsor is hurting you instead of supporting you go and get another sponsor that's what we are here for. It's not bootcamp or an internship or tutoring. It's one alcoholic talking to another being helpful supporting being honest and most importantly being KIND. ..Keep us updated if you need to we're here for eachother!
I've been sober from the day I got a sponsor and started actively working the steps so I've got no personal experience there.  However I went to AA meetings AA for years before getting a sponsor working the steps and getting sober.  ..I do have experience with working with guys who had trouble staying sober.  If they got drunk again we'd always go back to Step 1 and start over with the Doctors Opinion.  I recently realized that steps 1 and 2 are really just self knowledge something the book indicates by it's self is worthless.  Step 3 is of course just making a decision and the real action starts at Step 4.  Step 5 is where miracle starts according to the 5th step promises of course you can't do Step 5 without doing Step 4.  Now I believe the better method is to power through the 5th step.  ..I've been working with a guy who has had trouble staying sober.  He did Step 3 and got started on 4 and drank.  He finished Step 4 and we did 5.  By all appearances he's having a spiritual awakening which of of course the key to staying sober in AA.  Now he's at Step 12 at just over 30 days.  It seems wierd to me but that's the way it played out.  His life is quickly turning around the way it does when people earnestly work the steps.  And he can now work with others which is the best thing to prevent drinking.  Check back in a couple years to see how it's working.  ..You say you're having a hard time with Steps 4 and 5.  Are you sure you're not just putting it off?  It's really no big deal to do it the way the book says lots of people don't do it the way the book says and over complicate it.  Assuming our sponsor showed you how to do the 4th step out of the book it shouldn't take more than a day if you get to work.   
For me I wasn't ready until I truly had enough pain. I also have a white chip wonder for a sponsor. He is an old school alcoholic. I am 29 with 7 months sober now I have always done whatever I wanted to do and suffered the consequences. Until I really followed a simple set of instructions nothing changed for me. Don't drink no matter what go to meetings call 5 guys a day get a sponsor work the steps read the book help others. I have never been more happy. I have a very strong connection with my HP and the promises are starting to come true. I'm very grateful for the program and a sponsor who was abrasive. 
It's 'constitutionally incapable'...For me the honesty thing took time to understand and it's still sinking in on many levels. ...Just keep going to meetings.  
I am a 55 year old woman who has had a few white chips.  I am 10 months sober.  My sponsor is supporting and loving and never "tells me what to do" (outside of step work).  She gives me her experience and I learn and grow from that.  Sponsorship is a really close relationship.  Could be this isn't the right sponsor for you.
It may not be uplifting since you're living it now but after slipping around for 6 years I finally came to the low point where I was willing to call and talk to a member before I picked up the next drink...Taking the 1st step removed alcohol as a solution for me I could see it wouldn't work in the future for me any better than it worked in the past. ..Since I didn't want to go nuts without the illusion of relief alcohol provided I took the rest of the steps and haven't drank since '82. Your mean group can bring you along but it mostly depends on you to be minimally willing to call before drinking. Without that you're wasting everyone's time including yours. When you are that willing it's then time to take our steps...but not until.
Dumb and cliche but the past is the fucking past. If it was shitty then you got to take the leap jump towards a better tomorrow when your ready. The sooner the better you'll save yourself a lot of trouble and potentially disaster you mentioned your family you WILL loose people you care about if you continue doing this. In my experience it's way better to jump in the water is admittedly cold and it's.Not the most pleasant thing ever but we all.Need baths. If you are quite dirty then you may need one.More.Than most right now good.Luck 
Go back to the moment you thought about taking a drink. What stopped you from picking up the phone and calling another alcohol to talk about it? Fear? Shame? Until you are willing to do that it will be difficult. There's nothing to be ashamed of for having thoughts about drinking hell we are alcoholics. Do you still think you can drink and control it? 
Get a new sponsor. Or fire your old one and go without. Keep going to meetings. Don't drink in between meetings. You can do it. The problem is have you had enough? Only you can answer that. I went through a lot of pain to hit my bottom and while I haven't been arrested/have any dui's this disease almost killed me (through a seizure). At that moment I knew I couldn't keep drinking at the rate I was going. That was almost 7 years ago. You won't get 7 years overnight. Just one day at a time. If you aren't happy going to a certain meeting find another one. You don't need to be going to a meeting where people berate you. Don't expect people to subscribe to your bullshit but don't tolerate people berating you.
I got sober in the 70's  - a 21 year old girl in a room full of gruff old Irish dudes who gave nothing BUT tough love.  I got my feelings hurt at least once a week.  But my sponsor was a very kind and understanding person - I needed that. ..38 years later I'm still sober.  And in retrospect the Irish dudes were right.  ;)
I am an alcoholic who stopped drinking in the rooms of AA and never relapsed one day at a time. I started working the steps and reading the book with my first sponsor on my first day (it might not have been the first meeting probably wasn't because I can't remember... it was a clubhouse). I had to lose EVERYthing it sounds like you might too.                    ....I've watched all of my sponsees (so far) act super interested in the program for a week or two then they start cancelling step meetings with me or forget about our step meeting. Then they drift off from going to AA meetings and stop going to their homegroups. Eventually I just get weird texts like "I have to go to bed now" without any context or expectation of them calling me. One of them even showed up to my gym during my regularly scheduled workout just to tell me he "lost steam in his program" and would call me I told him I looked forward to that yet never did. I don't believe they want to stop drinking and they certainly aren't interested in taking from me what I hope to give them. I'm sure in the future I will have very different experiences and work with people who are desperate to be sober. Someone once told me that we don't stop drinking until after we lose something which meant more to us than the drink. I don't know if that's universal but it reflects my own experience.                   ....Your sponsor sounds like me and the things he said sound like what I might say. I wouldn't tell a sponsee who was neglecting his own program that "many people get it after many relapses." Many people die after many relapses this is life and death. The best thing I can do is be super straightforward. When we're drinking our loved ones lie to us and tell us nice things we're full of shame guilt and remorse and our pals are like "ah buddy you're not so bad."                         ....Anyway feel free to follow up with any questions to me you want. I won't blister you. 
