-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9vwo7i/my_sponser_paused_my_steps/

I relapsed while I was doing my 4th so she stopped me .And it's been over a month. And we haven't started again ?.I told some people and many did not like that she did that and some  even told me to get a new sponser . ..I have two months with my sponser and 40 days sober. .I feel like I know nothing about AA or the steps. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's a good attitude to know you don't know. Just continue with your new sponsor and try at it again. If you have something you wish you had put down on that 4th it's a good time to talk about it now.
I'd suggest getting a new sponsor.  It makes no sense to pause the steps. .Typically when one starts with a new sponsor they start at step 1. 
As a sponsor my main job is to take my sponsees through the steps the way I was shown. There was never a time that a sponsor was not reading the book with me or helping me work a step...The book offers a timeline for recovery on page xxvii of the Doctors Opinion: "Many years ago one of the leading contributors to this book came under our care in this hospital and while here he acquired some idea which he put into practical application *at once*."
When you relapse you should go back to step 1.
I'd get a new sponsor and start again.
Have you asked to work some steps? 
I relapsed twice this year while working my steps. My sponsor and I decided to chill on the steps for me I felt as though I didn't really have a strong 1-3 and I was finishing up w my inventories and the 5th...personally for me I don't care to rush through the steps. I drank for 20 years finishing the steps just to finish them for me isn't going to magically make the desire go away like a lot of people claim. .My advice based on my experience if you like your sponsor and have found someone you can trust I wouldn't throw that away. I've worked w a few different people in the program I don't necessarily suggest that...for me it can take a toll getting to know someone and build that trust over and over and finding the right fit is a thing...
Id get a new sponsor
Did they atleast suggest continue working step 123?  .I worked on step 3 a few weeks before attempting a 4th step.
