-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9vz1l5/should_i_22_female_get_a_new_sponser_please_i/

Little things that don't matter but I guess I'll point out to start off the mood I had through out. .-  She gets super mad if I'm late or text ( look at my phone or whatever ) but she is always late and is on her phone!!!! [ yes this doesn't matter cause  I need to worry about myself ] and regardless I shouldn't be doing that any ways.  I'm just saying that it would be nice to lead by example. ..- I go to a meeting Sunday nights where she is secretary.  One Sunday I was on the freeway on my way to the meeting and an accident happened long story short I called her to let her know I was going to be late or possibly not make it but that if anything I was going to try to go to a later one. ( I was stuck for about an hour  ) she flipped out on me ! Went off and started saying it  was too early in my sobriety to be doing this. Wtf  ? I can't control the freeway. And I promise you I have never missed a meeting since I started AA. Even the two times I relapsed I got my self to a meeting the next day. But she got so mad and was being so rude. Once I hung up I started crying cause I felt like a failure ..- When I share she wants me to share what I did to stay sober. One time I didn't share about what I did to stay sober. Instead  I shared about my thinking  and thoughts. And I shared about my OCD. I didn't elaborate on my ocd i just shared and basically said I feel double fucked cause of my thinking. But it's okay cause that just means I have to go back to my psychiatrist and tomorrow is a new day. My sponser went off on me after my share. 1) because I didn't share what I did to stay sober ( which I totally understand and accept I should have stated what I did to stay sober ) but then she added and went off but stated she only is saying this cause she cares.  Told me to get out of my self pitty and to get out of my head and to go to a  meeting every day and go to detox. So I'm left confused and I said   I do that I go to a meeting every day and go to detox when I can sometimes I do more than one meeting a day depending on how I feel   ) which she already knows that cause I call her every day and I shared that in my share too. And keep in mind she is literally going off on me in the same room as the meeting ! The meeting was over of course but  some people kept walking in and out and it looked like we were having an argument. But she didn't drop the whole thinking and out of my head thing so I tried to explain to her what ocd meant or feels like. I gave the example of  let's say I straighten my hair and I checked that I turned it off ten times I leave my house and now I'm thinking I forgot to turn it off and I feel like my house is burning down. She replies with   well think about it think about it is your house burning right now   ... I found that extremely rude cause that's like telling an alcoholic it's just one drink you really can't take one drink. She doesn't have to understand my ocd or my thinking but she didn't have to go off and be the rude to me. .- One time I asked her what it meant to review your day she went off on me and asked me who told me that. And that I wasn't on that step yet. But she went off ! And was rude. And made me feel stupid for asking a question. ..I walked into AA September 4th got a sponser that same day. I relapsed on my 4th step once but by then it was the second time I relapsed with her. So she decided to start from step 1. I have 40 days sober now and know nothing about AA. All I know is pages 60-63 86 88. ...Please can someone tell me if I should get a new sponser ? I really don't know if I'm just complaining being dramatic or selfish. .My sponser only has 6months sober. If that matters ..And ironically I do like her a lot ! And that's  what is making this so hard. I like her as a person. She sponsors me and this other girl and it's the first time I felt like I had people that understood me: but I think I want a friendship with her and i don't see her as a sponser but I don't wanna lose that friendship or that feeling of having friends that get you. ..I'm 22 and I'm so fukn lost. I feel so depressed: and I just know I don't wanna drink again. .
----------immediate responses--------

Look around the room at meetings. Do you notice someone who has what you want? That could be your new sponsor.
Some people like the accountability from a sponsor who rides their ass. I can't stand that style of sponsorship so I'd run for the hills. It's really up to you it's your recovery. If I were you I'd look for someone with a few years sober. Doesn't have to be 30 but most of us are pretty dang shaky and more than a little crazy at 6 months. You can tell her how much you like her as a person and want to be friends rather than sponsor/sponsee. 
yikes. I'd definitely thank her for her service but move forward w someone else. It's common to work w different people she's an alcoholic w problems too ya know 6 months is great and all but from what I've learned the sponsors w less time tend to ride you more and be a little more dogmatic my sponsor w 4+ years basically just provides all the suggestions and what's worker for her then let's me take lead. .Congrats on 40+ days that's awesome. 
Your sponsor sounds unsupportive and controlling - I would find a softer sponsor.  I switched and my experience was so much better. She sounds selfish and self-seeking.
Does your sponsor have what you want? Does your sponsor want what they have?..Answer yes to both and that person is probably a good choice for sponsorship. ..But sometimes people aren't a good fit. For me what I need to do is ask myself: is this not a good fit because I dont like what thetmy are saying and they are probably right? Or is it simply not a good fit? Are we working the steps together? ..I've moved a lot in sobriety and had a lot of sponsors as a result in the last 5 years. For me the most effective sponsorship relationships have been when we focus on step work and the AA process and not on advice. When my sponsor shares their experience and what they did (for better or worse) without telling me what to do. That works best for me. If they dont have direct experience with it they find something in the book that relates to what I'm saying and point me back to step work.
Yes. Who needs Sponsor Drama ?..Maybe his time take a little time to find someone.  You basically threw a dart at the dartboard for this one. If your sponsor makes you miserable good chance you will bail on the whole program...Why lose out just because of her. ...
Wow so many flags. First a person with under a year sponsoring? This the blind leading the blind. And she gets angry with you? Fire her on the spot. A sponsor is supposed to be helpful. Sometimes they tell you things you don't want to hear. But her hypocrisy is laughable. This is why I'm so anti sponsor but I won't tell someone new not to get one. It's suggested so find yourself another sponsor. In the meantime cut her off. Don't call her. Don't let her damage your sobriety anymore than she already has. 
