-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9wkzcd/head_feeling_like_it_will_explode/

I am over 7 weeks sober and it has been getting easier and easier on the whole (despite bipolar depression hanging over me). But every now and then I have a day where the blood pumps and hisses in my ears my head is buzzing and feels like it will explode and all - ALL - I can think of is getting a drink. My last relapse was due to this so I'd like to know A if at this stage this is even normal? (Seems like physical addiction) and B if so how on earth do I cope with it? It's almost unbearable and frightening in it's intensity. Going for a walk etc makes no impact and distraction doesn't work because I can't focus on anything else at the time. .I love sober me so much more than drunk me; I don't want to screw this up.
----------immediate responses--------

Liked hearing you like being sober! Do you need to go see a dr. about your head?  Also have you ever been to an aa meeting?
I was told (in therapy) about breathing to take my mind off of alcohol. ..Get your clock out (where you can watch the second hand tick) on your phone and try to learn a bigger breathe. Try inhaling for 4 seconds then exhale for 4. If that's easy try 6. I think meditation level breathing is around 9 or 10 in and the same out. ..Also try to get your chest and stomach moving in and out in unison. There's a medical reason for this but I don't know enough about it to explain it coherently...This will help to stimulate the part of your brain focusing on keeping you alive therefore happy. And it squeezes your heart forcing it to slow down...I never was the meditation type but these little tricks seriously helped my anxiety and depression as well as my urges to drink...Hope this helps and best of luck and if you ever need a strangers ear feel free to PM me anytime friend.
Oh my gosh I'm sorry the people in your aa meetings have that position about dr. prescribed medications. That's not our business to tell you such things. I hope you feel better soon. Please continue to post here there are many wise people who can offer you support!
7 weeks sober? Probably Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome. It's not discussed much in the halls but can be a huge barrier in early sobriety...Google it. Just knowing what it is and does helped me understand what was going on and get through it.
Why not see your doc about this? You've changed things now that alcohol isn't in the mix perhaps a corresponding change in your meds is needed.
I can completely relate to the feeling of my head being so damn loud. In the very early days it was unbearable. I could barely hold conversation because I couldn't hear a thing anyone said. The steps were the answer for me. It still gets noisy but it's so much better...Your sponsor isn't your psychiatrist and shouldn't have an opinion on prescribed medication. I don't know what you're on but if it's mood stabilisers so am I and nobody in AA has said anything implying that I shouldn't be. Some old school AAs think we shouldn't be on any medication I can understand the concern that some people might use medication to cover up what is actually untreated alcoholism and then relapse but it isn't really anyone's business but yours and your doctor's.
Besides pursuing a medical or psychiatric solution to your problem I have found that meditation can offer some relief for certain types of problems. Maybe it's from allowing your body to just  exist  without any stimulation or action but something with meditation gives me an amount of relief. It's worth looking into!
(despite bipolar depression hanging over me) ..You'll probably find that this drifts away around the first year of sobriety.
dont try and do this alone. i went to an AA meeting almost every day for the first 3 months and that helped immensely. Almost 1 year sober because of it.  The headaches are normal the tears and depression normal...i still have it quite a bit actually.  Things tend to get better and better though despite it feeling like a rollercoaster now.  Also I suggest therapy for CBT or DBT.  and Lots of exercise with weights to get out excess stress.
Ok I realise you a 7 weeks sober. ..If I were going through what you are describing I would be going to a doctor for a check up...I would not drink just for today no matter what...You have come this far.  You can do 1 day...When a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..  
Hey logo I doubt that everyone in the AA meeting near you feels this way about bipolar medication. Is this just an excuse for you to not go to AA? Certainly there are people there who recognize that this kind of medication is necessary. Can you go to an AA meeting?
