-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9wwwxv/finding_meetingsgetting_started/

I recently moved back home to live with my parents after a series of pretty stressful events happened this summer. It's been a toll emotionally as have the general events of my life this year that led up to it. ..My parents are aware of my past alcoholism but not so much other addictions. My dad is supportive but doesn't bring it up much because he tries to let me have solid boundaries with what I will/won't talk about. My mother on the other hand brings up the alcoholism a lot sort of as a "joke" (not a very fun/nice one) and it's a bit of a stressor. I'm nowhere near able to move out on my own again yet have stuff to work through first. ..I had a surgery recently where I was prescribed painkillers in the vein of my past Big Problem drug and I thought I'd be fine but I found myself slipping a bit with the leftovers (no more left which is good but a lot of stress and cravings). There's not really any NA meetings close to me but there are some AA meetings and given that I'm also a recovering alcoholic I'm looking into starting to go to those and work the steps finally since I've sort of been avoiding that for the past five years and just winding up in the usual pattern of "I can do this on my own" &gt; "screw this" &gt; relapse &gt; repeat. ..I've been to AA meetings before though they were more required as part of rehab programs I've been to in the past and I didn't have the greatest experience with the most recent encounter (early 2016) and sort of went back into the "I can get sober on my own screw the AA thing" mindset...I have a few meetings I'm looking into specifically due to demographic reasons (I'm gay and Jewish and due to personal reasons am leaning towards options oriented in those directions) and trying to figure out a way to take the bus out to where those are (my parents' house is in a suburban portion of the city we live in and is a ways from the nearest bus line)...I did have a couple of questions:..1. I'm aware I'll only have one sponsor from one meeting but would it still be okay to go to more than one meeting if I feel like more than one works for me enough to want to go often?.2. I haven't had any recent alcohol relapses my problem recently has been more with other things but still am feeling those cravings too. Would it still be okay to go to AA even if it's not necessarily the Big Ticket for me so to speak? (Like it's something I've had a problem with and something I'm aware of having a problem with but given the choice between alcohol and the painkillers I'm prone to reach for the latter.).3. Back to the sponsor thing - If I get "assigned" a sponsor is it all right to reject until maybe a few meetings have passed and I can make an informed decision (based on interactions whether I've found a potential sponsor at another meeting etc)? .4. Possibly the most ridiculous question - how do I talk during a meeting? At the AA meetings I've been to before they've been hosted at the rehab places I've been in so I already knew the folks and it was a bit easier for me to speak. I tend to have quite a bit of social anxiety and I've got some speech impediments which compound that anxiety. Am I allowed to pass on talking until I feel ready to do something beyond a general introduction?..Thanks for any help and sorry this got long-winded.
----------immediate responses--------

1. Yes.2. Yes of course.3. Yes.4. You don't h a v e to talk at all if you don't want/need to. Just pass if you want to.
Try online meetings..... Intherooms.com .....AA video meetings every 2hours
You can go to as many and different meetings As You Wish! Don't overthink the witch meeting is right for me issue. I would take advantage of meetings that are closed as well as those you feel you might be better matched with. Don't overthink it. They all follow the same format and you're all full of loving supportive people
1. Yes! Your sponsor will encourage it..2. Yes. I've gotten drunk once but I know that if I drink I won't be able to stop. The only membership requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking..3. Yes. Who you choose as your sponsor is quite important. I would choose someone that exemplifies what you want in life. .4. In early sobriety I was taught to put the cotton out of ears and into my mouth. You should be mostly listening to what people in RECOVERY have to offer. There is a difference. I am just as sober as you but I have a little more recovery. Recovery is the true miracle of AA...I'm so proud of you! We love you. Trust the process and don't leave 5 minutes before the miracle happens!
Big step reaching out for a advice like this awesome...1 absolutely go to as many meetings as you can...2 don't get hung up on the substance  some meetings are more sensitive in speaking of them by name so I just use alcohol to refer to all the substances. We have a thinking problem  that's why I need help...3 don't stress about the sponsor thing  just know you'll find one or one will find you ...4 absolutely pass as long as you need to. Grab someone after the meeting if you feel more comfortable...Youve reached out for help and that was the hardest part for me   congrats and good luck!
1. more meetings help.2. plenty of people have various addictions in AA.3. You pick your sponsor.4. You can always say that you are juts listing today. I listed a lot in the beginning after being told that I didn't have all of the answers.
