-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9xm2su/today_is_my_wifes_birthday_she_passed_away_two/

Im 68 days sober today and today is my wife's birthday. Im not really wanting to drink or anything but I know today is going to be hard. I've stayed sober through her passing and through dealing with all of the repercussions but my in-laws are really struggling. All of this at once is just really hard. I'm not really sure where I'm going with this I just needed to say something.
----------immediate responses--------

It's time to do something good for someone else.
God only gives us what we can handle. 
Wow. So you got hit with a sudden death at only 8 days sober? And now have 68? ..You are a very strong person! Very strong! Wow! ..You can carry on through this. Pray for a stronger back. Not a lighter load. ...You can get into service now. Pray to your higher power to help you be there for your in laws while they struggle the loss of a daughter. ..You can make it through this. I know it. 
Do you think that you can celebrate her birthday with someone else - a close friend? Go out to eat at her favorite restaurant? ..I know this is hard this too shall pass. ..Internet hugs.
You are great. Your strength is inspirational. Thank you...You are keeping me sober today. ..I don't have any words to help you. This loss is unimaginable. But i'll say a prayer for you!
We don't need to drink today. If it were me I'd try not to be alone. Meetings or family or something. 
I wish I could hug you.. I love you. 
Reach out to your support group... Go to a meeting and share what you are going through. We're all in this together no need for you to go through this alone.
Be kind to yourself today and to others.  Sending you a hug :-)
My condolences friend. 
Often it seems people get sober just in the nick of time to perform well for others who need them in their right minds...Keep this going.
Thank you for sharing. This will be an important day to be around other people. Just remember you don't have to drink over this. Find someone to help.
I'm so sorry  
As a fellow Scorpio and in sobriety I really appreciate your post. Thank you for being vulnerable and transparent. And thank you for remembering to come back.
I'm so sorry for your loss
Lean in to the program - hit a meeting or three - sorry to hear the struggles 
I'm very sorry for your loss and very proud of you for staying sober through it. This time of year there are always a lot of AA gratitude dinners and next week plenty of 24 hour a day alcathons at various AA halls and Alano clubs so maybe those are some good places to make a stop at.
I celebrated my wife's Birthday by taking a cake to an AA meeting. I ask first...I had a great time. A beautiful meeting. ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..  
I bet she is proud of you somewhere and cheering you on. Come to the meeting and let us love you. And yeah.. bring cake too!
Seriously you are amazing! I was almost 3 years sober when my father passed away last May and I relapsed. I'm on day 61 today and knowing you are persevering through such a traumatic event gives me hope. ..My condolences to you and your family. 
Serenity to you friend...Ask for help. Even the most mundane of tasks ask for help. You have many heavy burdens right now and any assistance you can get (even something like a visitor with a meal) will take that 'thing' off your load. And it will keep someone else sober today too.
God bless you.   
Tl;Dr: You can make it through this sober. The sadness doesn't go away quickly...but it gets less constant and less paralyzing. It DOES get better but if you drink you may feel disappointed or guilty and that will make it harder. Be kind to yourself and hold on. ..***.I think especially the first 90 days or so it feels like grief and PAWS team up just to screw you with crazy brain anxiety mood swings all over the place. Once the anxiety settles and if you've been consistently active in AA things (out whatever your support system of like - minded people is) you start to feel a little more like you're behaving like an normal person again...This struggle is not easy. Grief intensifies it.  Some days I desperately need a meeting and can't get to one. Sometimes I cry by myself in the car literally sobbing and wailing because the loss is so deep and so painful. Sometimes I have to take time away from work because I just can't pull myself together...But that devastated feeling in your core... The sadness doesn't go away...but it gets less constant and less paralyzing. The anxiety lessens around 90 days or so and rational thinking gets much stronger. You begin to remember little things that become fond memories sprinkled in among the ones that break your heart again...I stopped drinking 23 days after my father died. It's hell. But keep going because it gets easier. It takes time. I'm a week shy of six months sober and I've made progress but still have a lot of grief and hurt... But it's not every minute of every day now.
