-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9y8549/how_long_did_it_take_you_to_realize_you_needed_to/

I think the title summarizes this post pretty well but I'll add in a bit more detail for those who are interested. (Ended up being a longer post than I intended but helpful for myself). ..I've fought alcohol off and on for about 7 or so years (25yo currently). The first time I quit drinking was at 18yo when I realized I was drinking 5-6 nights a week and became emotional on the nights I couldn't afford to drink. I stayed sober for 2.5 years. On my 21st birthday I had 2 shots total because I didn't want to fall back to old ways. Within a year I was drinking as much as I could and pawning my things when I couldn't afford alcohol similarly to last time. I quit drinking again at 23yo and it was harder that time. I slipped up quite often and never fully reached 30 days for the year. I hadn't really quit during that year. It felt like I was quitting but it's not really quitting when you're giving in every other week and starting day 1 two to three times a month. Skip ahead to right now the last 2 years have been a mix of drinking daily to only binge drinking on the weekends. I don't have any control when I drink now. There is no "only a couple". If you put a bottle in front of me I'm going to finish it off. If there's beer in the fridge I'm going to drink until I pass out. I fight drinking all week looking forward to Friday night on Monday. I think about drinking at 2pm on a Tuesday. I'm irritated and pissed by Thursday that I can't drink yet. Friday finally comes and I'm an aggravated mess until I can get my first taste. I binge all night. Binge Saturday feeling irritated all day then too. Sunday comes and all I feel is sadness that the weekend and drinking is over. It's controlling my thoughts. My depression is at an all time low. I'm irritated and sad constantly. The only time I'm happy is when I'm finally drinking and every Sunday when I'm feeling sad about the coming week I *know* it's bad. I *know* I need to quit. I *know* I'm ruining my life with alcohol. It's like going from drinking daily to only binging on the weekends made me feel like I was better or had it under control but I know that's not true. I've just changed my style of drinking but my relationship with alcohol is worse than it's ever been and yet I quit all those times. It's hard this time. I know what I should do but I can't do it. I'm tired of quitting. I'm tired of day ones and relapses. I'm tired of knowing I'm ruining my life. It's simple just quit one more time. One last day one but life without alcohol seems horrible and that's just one more sign to quit I realize this...After writing this out I realize I need to quit. I don't need to ask others how long it took them because I'm just looking for validation in some strange way. Maybe I'll start day one today. It won't be my last day one but I can try. I guess I just needed to see it all wrote out. I'm sorry for the block of text but I appreciate anyone who takes the time to read it and if you feel responding please do. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to hear you came to the conclusion that you need to stop.  Writing it out and sharing it is a great first step. Don't worry about forever or all the reasons you may come up with to keep going. Take it a bit at a time. ..Being willing to try and getting back up if there is a slip is a good start. Remember that relapse doesn't have to be a foregone conclusion  and try not to use it as a loophole.  I did that too many times. ..I knew for a long time I needed to quit. It took me almost 20 years to finally surrender.  Best decision I ever made. ..Good luck to you and keep reaching out. 
Almost 10 years.  First was when I was 23didn't get sober until 32.  Didn't know I was an alcoholic even though I tried everything in those 10 years to not drink and to stay stopped when I could stop.  The last year was the worst severely isolated myself from friends and family thinking that would help.  No matter what I did if you look at my life and drinking over any timeline it was always getting worse.  
Welcome! I think that you are in the process of making the biggest and best decision of your life. It took me decades to realise where I was going wrong. Pull in whatever supports you can read and post freely here if that works for you be really really proud of yourself that you are wise enough to truly see what is going on for you in your life. It seriously is one day one hour or one minute at a time in the beginning. You deserve this and you can do this. I will not drink with you today.
It was 10 years from the time I first walked into an AA meeting until I took I last drink.  Step 5 was the stopper to me and I wouldn't do any of it until things got bad enough.  Thank God that happened before I died.
Pretty much my story too. Stopped for the first time at 19 last time at 28. In between I stopped about 3x a year but couldn't stand reality without a drink for more than a few months at a time...Needed to change how I did life to stay in emotional balance which imo is key to remaining sober. That's hard to do but doing all the usual AA stuff allowed that to happen. Worked for 36 years now.
When I actually realized I had to be sober or when I tried just  cutting back  with no plan for long term sobriety? ..I drank for 10 years from my late 20s to late 30s. For virtually all of it I knew I had a problem in terms of how much I liked drinking but I was able to basically use a series of tolerance breaks or  rules  to keep it in check. ..It all went downhill over the course of about 2 months and I realized one day as I circled the parking lot of a bar over and over again telling myself I had client deadlines to finish or I would be sued and that I couldn't let myself go in that enough was enough that I had to stop drinking for good. I had already drunken at that same bar earlier in the day. This was for round 2. ..I went to an AA meeting the next day. I haven't had a sip since I decided not to ever drink again as I circled that parking lot. 
10 years. 
I realized that I had a problem about three months prior to my first sober day. Once I realized I had a problem I was then trying to prove myself wrong and I quit when I realized I may not live if I drink again since everyone in my small town seemed to know more about what I had done than I did. So the fear of not knowing what was going to happen and not knowing if I was going to live is what started my sobriety I've been sober six months now.
From the point I actually honestly realised I had a serious problem (not just saying what people wanted to hear) about 9 months
I'm not sure how long it was. Ten or more years of trying to moderate or limit binges to weekends or predetermined days of the week maybe. ..I am sure that I never got out of that seemingly endless loop until I went to an AA meeting and got a sponsor and worked the steps. It was much easier with the shared experience and hope provided by other kind and loving alcoholics. ..I didn't see you mention anything about AA in your post. Perhaps give it a shot.
about 13 years. it was my city - my age - my industry. I just thought this is what you did. 41 now and 9 months sober and again this is just what I thought you did. I prefer thinking I should do this than what my 27 year old inebriated mind lied to me about what I should do. 
I first thought I might have a drinking problem when I was 22 but didn't get sober until 36. I spent most of the ensuing 14 years assuming (incorrectly) that as I got older I'd naturally want to cut back or quit. I also could always convince myself that I wasn't a "real" alcoholic because I knew others who had a bigger problem than I did or because I hadn't "achieved" milestones like a DUI divorce lost job etc. ..What finally changed for me was seeing a psychologist to deal with being depressed and being encouraged to read and study more about alcoholism. Even then I still resisted quitting for about nine months. I finally finally convinced myself that I had tried every possible way to drink "in moderation" and had no other recourse but to stop drinking permanently...This decision was an enormous relief and sobriety has been a wonderful journey so far. But I am sure I would have relapsed by now were it not for my program: AA meetings prayer meditation sponsor and fellow calls fellowship and literature. ..I'm only 37 but I often think of what my life would have been like had I quit when I was 25. Lucky for you you get to find out! Good luck.
