-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9yasd3/do_people_often_relapse_in_the_early_stages_of_aa/

I am ashamed to say that I have had a drink after 26 days sober &amp; 2 months of attending AA. I know this is going to sound selfish &amp; I am trying to make accuses like us alcoholic do but I have had a really bad month. My ex contacted me again today which I could have done without I am moving in a week &amp; its something I didnt really want to do but circumstances dictated otherwise. Basically I could see this happening. I have done a lot of work like started reading the BB &amp; I have an app on my phone now to help me but things got too much &amp; I did what I always do &amp; turned to a drink. I haven't started working the steps yet &amp; I haven't got a sponsor although today at my Sunday meeting I asked a women to sponsor me who said that it would be best if I asked someone of the same gender. I asked a guy who she suggested who didn't say no but said he isn't sure if he is at the best place yet. He did text me later &amp; we have arranged to have a coffee on Wednesday. I feel like I have failed &amp; maybe I shouldn't put myself on this guy because I have had a drink &amp; it might hurt his progress...But from all this It has reinforced that I am completely powerless to alcohol. I spent 2 hours thinking "shall I drink" "shall I not drink" "just drink you'll feel better" "no you wont" "yes you will &amp; it's only a few" blah blah blah  &amp; then I had to go with what felt easier &amp; that was to drink. I hate this feeling of just not knowing when I will succumb to the power of the alcohol. I AM POWERLESS but I dont know what to do &amp; if this will ever get better :/ ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

It will help his progress by helping another alcoholic WE can stay sober. Best advice get a solid sponsor and attend meetings with them get coffee call them! Go to meetings everyday and last but not least work the dam steps and stay grateful!!! 
Do the steps with a sponsor and you will be in a much safer position. I went through the steps quickly because I knew I was fucked and didn't have long. So glad I did as now the desire to drink has been removed. 
From my experience in this program of recovery (AA) the people who don't pick up a drink in the beginning of their sobriety are the ones who know they are powerless and are willing to get busy. .By busy I mean getting a sponsor calling him often ( I called my sponsor daily left messages if he did not pick up) going to meetings daily (90 meetings in 90 days) in the same room and same time that way people got to know me and working the steps with the sponsor.  .I have seen many who will come into meetings late and leave early they don't share or ask for help. .These are usually the ones who drink again....There are many one chip wonders in the rooms but they had to go through their own struggles to earn that seat just as well. .If you don't want to drink then don't. If you do then do. .We do this together not alone. If I could stop by myself then I would have. .Get a sponsor who has a fair amount of sobriety. .I look for people who have at least 5+ years and are available. Stick with your own gender. .I am good at making excuses of why it would be a good idea to pick up a drink or a drug but then I play the tape back and remember how bad it was in the end. .Today life is good... not perfect or full or unicorns farting rainbows but today life is good...
Fuck ya..... I got a drawer full of 30 day chips multiple treatment centers honestly too many fuck ups to count over ten years of trying to quit drinking. Then it clicked and I got sober years and years.... And the desire to drink is long gone... .  .KEEP COMING BACK 
There is nothing so bad that alcohol won't make it worse. I make the decision every morning that alcohol is NEVER an option. That seems to ease my mind somehow. Staying sober one day at a time is possible. ..I got lots of help. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. A therapist sponsor and working the steps taught me how to live a sober happy life. I wish the same for you.
I dabbled in AA for four years never got a sponsor never did the steps and never put together more than about a week sober.  I thought I was willing I even had all theses things I said I'd do to stay sober like mow a football field naked with manicure scissors.  What I wasn't willing to do was get a sponsor and work the steps I just didn't know I wasn't willing.  ..I did 90 meetings in 90 days got a sponsor and did the steps.  I've been sober ever since.  That seems to be the recipe for success.  
If you want what we have and are willing to go to any length to get it then you are ready to take certain steps.  Find someone that you want what they have and with them determine if you are willing to go to any length to stay sober.  If so start the work and stay sober.
I can't speak for all groups but I would say it's pretty common unfortunately. I myself have strung together 19 months out of 3 years so I was a retread for a while. I have no excuse or reason other than I just wasn't willing to admit the facts. But once I was willing to sit all the way down I found the tools necessary to stay sober. 
Do the steps. 
Relapse is not recommended but it's pretty common. I would say about half the people who get sober relapse at sometime usually early in their program...The old stand-bys are solid advice: try to be as honest as you can don't drink 90 meetings in 90 days choose a sponsor and stay in contact read the book and take the steps. You can't do everything at once and you can't do it perfectly so don't worry about it get a new desire chip and look at this as part of taking the first step. You're in the right place and the people around you care about you. Good luck!
Relapse isn't as dangerous as continuing to drink after a relapse. If you had a drink then regretted it there's nothing too harmful about that. But if you are continually thinking about drinking and then going out to drink you might want to look into other recovery resources (Treatment therapy psychiatrist). If you have worked the first step before then you know that there can't be any doubt in your mind that you are an alcoholic and any amount of alcohol is too much. For some people grasping the idea of not drinking is difficult. We not only have our physical desire to experience alcohol but we often think of how we are going to get a drink or how we can continue drinking once we start. It's referred to as a  physical allergy and a mental obsession  regarding drinking. At some point in my recovery after a couple relapses I had to finally make the decision that I could no longer drink. This is very important because without that decision any progress I make in sobriety will be lost if I decide to drink again. I would suggest reading  More about alcoholism  in the Big Book it has some important points regarding this topic. Take care!
Very few of us wake up one day decide we are going to quit drinking and "stay quit". I do not know the numbers but it took me a few years before I finally figured out that there really was a way that did work and I did not have to fight this beast anymore...That was September 8 1983. Somehow I have stayed sober since. 
I'm new as well and the same thoughts happen. Alcohol always always without exception makes things worse. Someone on here once said that it steals happiness away from tomorrow to use today. Then what's left for tomorrow? Nothing but misery. ...I don't have a sponsor yet either. Hey let's do ourselves a favor this week and get one. Maybe it's as good as they say. Maybe we can get better. 
Frankly I don't think you relapsed because I consider a relapse to be when a person goes back to drinking AFTER they've worked the steps or honestly started trying them...&amp;#x200B;..You didn't get a sponsor or work the steps so you slipped. Why not give AA your all for 6 months? Or even 3 months? Give in to the idea that for the people who have gotten sponsors AA has helped them stay sober. Maybe it can help you too if you get a Big Book ask someone to sponsor you who has worked the 12 Steps and then do what they say...&amp;#x200B;..What do you have to lose?..1. Go to meeting..2. Ask someone to sponsor you..3. Do what they say..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you for posting! Getting 26 days is a big deal. 
Resentment is the #1 offender. If something bugs us we drink. .Don't beat yourself up I had 13 years of slips before I got it.  Be honest take a chip and keep moving forward..
Relapses are part of recovery. Don't beat yourself up. Just keep trying !
Yes I relapsed quite a number of times before I caught on to living a sober life.  The important thing is to never give up.
