-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/9ybxbs/relapse/

I'd been sober for 3 years 6 months 22 days..A friend killed herself and I maintained my sobriety for a year and a half after she passed. ..Then something inside me broke I went into a fugue state on my way to get smokes. Next thing I knew I was drowning myself in whiskey. Ended up trying to kill myself. Never been more thankful to be alive...Under doctor's orders I'm tapering off and coming back to sobriety. I should be right as rain here in the next couple of days. But if anyone has any hope or kind words I could really use some right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

Tapering with alcohol or benzos? . .I never could taper with alcohol and benzos are super scary. Lots of meetings when tapering/withdrawing. . .Relapse is part of almost everyone I know in AA unfortunately its just part of the deal.... .Don't beat yourself up we get it. . .The only real thing you can fuck up in AA is to not come back. So.  .KEEP COMING BACK 
Good you came back!.. you can do this.. just keep coming back and be kind to your self. ..
It was very powerful to me to realize that all around the world many AA meetings close with a moment of silence for those still in the clutches of alcohol. I am rooting for you. Taking it one day at a time to find the best me that I can has been quite a process. It is called recovery for a reason. Best wishes. 
I'm so glad you're back. But relapse is in no way "part of recovery." Those who regard relapse as an option are I believe doomed to failure. And once you relapse how the hell do you know you'll make it back? Many don't. Source: funerals I've attended.
Taper off. Come back. You had 3 1/2 years before. You can get them again. Just take it one day at a time. Welcome back.  :D
Hiya congrats for coming here and posting. That's a big step.  ..I did similarly. Almost six years and then boom.  The amazing thing is that I finally got it. That last relapse finally taught me something. I had read about it talked about it helped other understand it thought I understood it but I never really understood that I was truly powerless. I never believed that I was my life was unmanageable. ..After almost six years of being sober and then BOOM everything was going down the tubes and into the trash can. Yes. I was powerless. Yes. My life was unmanageable. ..My last relapse became one of my strongest moments because I finally found the strength to surrender and admit that I was powerless and that my life was unmanageable. That last relapse opened the door. I was able to walk through that into a new life. ..So for me although I don't wish anyone to have a relapse of course I can honestly say that a relapse can be a very very positive experience. ..You know we have a lot of similar traits. We have resentments and fears and obsessive compulsive minds. But we also are so hyper-critical of ourselves. We are kind and loving to everyone but we never cut ourselves any slack. I also learned after my last relapse to lighten up on myself. I learned to give myself a little credit where credit is due. Because you know what? I am worth it. ..I know you are too!!!  
If possible try to look on this as  lessons leaned  rather than a bad act bringing guilt.   My guess is that the whisky did little to make mourning more meaningful.   If you realize that your sober life is better then take that as a lesson learned...I had 16 good AA years going on 17.  I was working in a foreign land and was not close with AA.  I ending up drinking wine with some colleagues for no good reason and as you often hear I returned to my old habits at once...I drank for 10 more years.   Being a periodic binge drinker I was able to separate drinking bouts from work and never had any problems.   BUT I could not separate the drinking from my wife and managed to go through two more of those in the process.  I could see that there was no end to it because while I enjoy family life I am crazy and disloyal when drunk. ..So - one day I made a decision to return to the sober life.   I lived in a new place looked up a meeting and walked in.  So I was a retread newcomer - big deal.  That was 16 years ago next month.  It was a good thing for me (and potential wives in danger)..
Thank you sharing. I learn a lot from people before they go back out. I learn even more when they come back in. 
