-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a20i6k/first_sponsor_meeting/

I got a sponsor and had our 1st meeting today. I'm still struggling. I'm still drinking. I feel like a fraud. But I desperately want this sobriety despite my drinking. Which may sound stupid to those that don't struggle. I'm just reaching out to community and wanting to know am I a fool? 
----------immediate responses--------

I was in and out of AA (drinking and also a member) for 10 years. I am now almost 10 yrs sober. .  .A good friend of mine went to a meeting everyday for the fist year he also drank every night after those meetings he is now 16 yrs sober. .  .You don't have to stop drinking to be a member of AA you just have to want to..... .  .You're in the right place..... .  .KEEP COMING BACK!   
You're no fraud. People go to AA for help with alcoholism. That's what you're doing. And it will help you. If you work the program you will be successful. You should be proud of yourself. There's nothing fraudulent or foolish about an alcoholic who drinks...that's what alcoholics do! You're in the right place. Keep coming back.
we understand. 
I guess I just want someone to talk to about all this. Its confusing. And difficult.  I'm concerned about my ability.
Progress not perfection that's what is asked of you. You've decided you want to quit good! You have a sponsor good! Your at meetings good! This is all progress now you just have to keep at it and you will begin to see some changes even with just a small amount of time in A.A. Don't get down on yourself just because of a set-back or an honest mistake we all have to go through our own issues before we can begin to move forward. Take care!
It is certainly not stupid.  Resist that call to the void that unrecognizable urge that you feel.  You owe it nothing especially yourself.
All you need is the desire to stop drinking. The number of times I drank and looked at that stupid bottle and thought  god I have to stop this  are too many to count. But I finally had my lowest point and went to a second rehab stint after failing the first time. I'm now 114 days sober and go meet with my new sponsor this morning to go over my first step work. Ask for phone numbers at the AA meeting and they will gladly help you. 
Instead of putting off getting that chip. Why not take one and say I dont want to not drink today. I think you're making too much of this. And it sounds like you're putting things off.
You or anyone else aren't a fraud unless they deliberately misrepresent themselves. If someone claimed to be 10 years sober when not 10 days sober that would be fraud...I expect meetings are going to have who can't yet put together a couple sober days. That is where I was when I started. Honestly I could easily be back at that point as well. I hope it doesn't happen but any realistic alcoholic knows our "daily reprieve" could break down at some point...People who haven't struggled are very unlikely to be at meetings. People who gave up alcohol no sweat no bother exist but almost none of those people go to meetings. 
 I understand.  I went to meetings and drank between them for years.  If I could stop drinking without working the steps I would have.  Sounds like your in the same situation you haven't started the steps yet. I feel your pain I know how it feels.  It started changing for me when I started getting honest with everyone about my drinking.  Looks like your doing that. I suggest getting honest with your sponsor difficult as that may be. .The doctors opinion talks about physical craving.  When we're subject to that we can't not drink regardless of how bad we want to.  All the alcohol has to be out of our system for the craving to subside.  That can take time.  Our book says  Of course an alcoholic ought to be freed from his physical craving for liquor and this often requires a definite hospital procedure before psychological measures can be of maximum benefit.  . That is called a detox today and that's what I did.  It worked I've been sober ever since. 
Keep coming back 
