-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a2v2bd/4th_step_advice/

I'm doing my 4th step again with a new sponsor. I have done it twice before with 2 different sponsors at 6 months sober and then again at 1.5 years sober. The difference this time around is that I relapsed after nearly 3 years sober in March 2018 and am now back at it with 1 month sober...&amp;#x200B;..I suppose my concern is that I'm not being thorough enough yet I feel like I've put pen to paper everything I can think of...&amp;#x200B;..My resentments are few this has always been the case. I was always pretty self-aware regarding my alcoholism and never blamed those around me for my disease or for their reactions to my behaviour. My biggest resentment I have is towards myself...&amp;#x200B;..I have a long fear list as my life was very much run on fear. Deep down inside I am a very neurotic insecure 29 year old gay man who compensates by acting confident and borderline vein...&amp;#x200B;..In regards to sex inventory I've had fairly healthy relationships in the past...I have slept around a fair bit but don't feel negative about that so I'm not sure if I include that on my list? I've also been sexually assaulted though I recognize that none of that was my fault so I don't know wether or not to include that as well?..&amp;#x200B;..I guess what I'm asking for is any feedback based on what I said or general advice on doing a thorough 4th?..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks all.
----------immediate responses--------

The advice one of my sponsors gave was if you're asking yourself if it should go on your inventory the answer is always yes. We don't rely on our own judgement alone to decide what to do about each of our inventory items because our judgement tends to be skewed. I spent a while fighting the 4th step and really did a much deeper one once i had been sober for a few years. Part of this was that I was ready to go deeper and part of it was I stopped making it so complicated for myself by overthinking things and simply followed the guidelines as laid out on pp 63-71.
I wrote my story made the 4 suggested lists. So far that's worked well for me and the guys I can trace back to the 1930s...No one's drank again.
It seems like you are working hard. Keep it up. I'm sending you love during this round of your 4th step. In regard to your sexual assault I'm so sorry you experienced that. My experience: I put my assaults on both my resentment list and sex inventory. Through working my 5th step with my sponsor we realized that (in my case) they were crimes not sex acts. I'm also in therapy to work on outside issues. I can feel increased clarity and depth of understanding and acceptance of myself which helped lead to my first god shot experience. I truly wish you all the best. One day at a time.
