-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a40w8c/i_feel_like_sht/

I have a cold. I'm irritable. It's messing with my thoughts and emotions. Feeling tired and drained and these dark rainy nights aren't helping either. .Just want rest and recuperation from feeling this crap. .I've had drinking and using thoughts - I'm 43 days sober back from a relapse after 15 months of sobriety. I'm about to start the step work again tomorrow so in the limbo area. .Meetings every day at the moment. .I'm reaching out for help by texting people and leaving voice notes via WhatsApp messenger. .I wanted to share I felt crap in the meeting today but it was quite a positive meeting? .I really want to talk to someone properly. .May just ring samaritans. (UK HOTLINE for suicide or mental health - they've helped me in the passed just to talk) my sponsor is at work and whilst I've text people I still don't feel as confident picking the phone up xxx 
----------immediate responses--------

Things will get better.  Keep on fighting. IWNDWYT.
It's such a hard time of year to be going through this! I appreciate the power of positivity but sometimes it's important to call a spade a spade and going through early sobriety during the winter is a tricky thing. Well done and well done again for typing out your post and for reaching out to people - you're being proactive about getting supported and that's a hugely intelligent and healthy thing to be doing. ..The Samaritans are a great resource don't hesitate to reach out to them if you're feeling low Beaky1505. I'd really like to agree with you about the rainy nights making it harder. The weather last winter had a huge impact on my mindframe. Some people told me sunbeds occasionally can help but I never tried it. No matter how dark and crappy things feel right now drinking and using will amplify that crappiness ten times - do what you need to do to stay sober my friend. Wishing you warmth and support x
Hang in there! I learned when I first got into recovery that getting a cold/flu after being sober for a while might be triggering and I didn't immediately understand why. Now that I have a cold too (lord have mercy on us!) I get it. Feeling like crap when you're not drinking feels a lot like when we felt like crap from drinking especially since withdrawal symptoms are often referred to as "flu-like." And what helped then? Having another drink of course. That association is deep in our brain and it's strong. So I'm feeling a lot of those same thoughts and emotions especially with the holidays as well...You're not alone. Take good care of yourself drink some good tea and I think it's a great idea to reach out and talk to a sober friend. You can make it to the end of the day I promise. And before you know it we'll be back to our old selves again. "Easy does it" my friend!
