-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a50u10/a_full_life_struggling_to_make_time_for_aa/

I've been sober in AA for 3 years and 4 months now and lately I've been struggling a lot with my crazy full schedule. My sponsor is part of a strict line of sponsorship that believes that a meeting a day is the only way to stay sober and she encourages me to have at least 3 sponsees at a time while also meeting with her once a week to do step work. We all know how AA can take up a lot of time and energy in our lives - sometimes it feels like a full time job.  I'm grateful for what AA has given me and I understand that by putting AA first it helps me stay emotionally sober but I'm at a point where I want to grow in other areas of my life. So far I've been able to take on a 9-5 career a serious relationship with another sober member of AA (we just moved in together) I'm going to weekly therapy sessions working with sponsees working the steps once a week I'm trying to cook dinner for myself + go grocery shopping do self-care / give myself alone time see family and have some kind of social life.  ...Over the past year I've been experiencing some awful physical pain in my shoulders neck and back because I live a very sedentary life and I don't have time for exercise. I work in an office for 8 hours a day sit on the bus for 2  I sit in a meeting for an hour and then I wind down and go to sleep. My body is yelling at me to do some yoga go for a run lift some weights do anything to strengthen my muscles and let out some of the pent up tension. The problem is that I'm already drowning in my current schedule and there's only so much I can do in a day... I have a 1 hour commute before and after work which means I don't get home in the evenings until 6pm and by the time I've commuted to a meeting and returned home it's already 8pm aka time to eat dinner and time to wind down and relax with my boyfriend. Suddenly it's 9-10pm and I'm exhausted from running around all day and I'm ready for bed...&amp;#x200B;..My questions for all of you are: Do you go to a meeting every day? How do you put AA first with a really busy schedule? Should I try to go to less meetings? Do you think it's important to always stay this involved with AA?
----------immediate responses--------

Theres a million ways to stay sober. Im a new mom will have 4 years sober jan 1st and i work 3 nights a week. Balance doesn't exist in my life. Its not always about 7 meetings a week its an inside job. Its what your doing outside of the meetings as well. I barely get to 3 meetings a week i sponsor one girl. For me with the baby + work i must remember to just be honest 100% of the time. Dont burn yourself out! I hope this helps.
I go to a varying number of meetings per week.  Sometimes it's 2 and others it is 5.  AA doesn't have to be first.  Making sure I am doing what I want for me is.  I have never heard of a sponsor telling someone to have at least 3 sponsees.  That seems very abnormal especially if it is something you don't want to do.  ..Everyone is busy.  I reorganize my personal schedule constantly so I don't become complacent with any part of my life:  home work  AA  exercise  hobbies....AA will always have your back.  If it becomes an overwhelming chore then that is NOT how it works.  It is a lifestyle for me  period.  I work step one everyday and do the best I can with 2-12.  There are no rules to AA.  It is a program open to interpretation for each individual.  
You do so much! That's an impressively packed day my goodness. Everything you've said sounds great you must be wrecked tired come 9-10pm. I want to say of course you already appreciate this anything I say pertains only to my own situation and my recovery...*Do you go to a meeting every day?* Not anymore. In early sobriety yes and multiple times each day because it was necessary. I adjusted the dosage a bit as I grew stronger and found my sweet spot for a long time was three times p/w. I've been on one meeting a week for the past few months and I feel only OK with it - lately I have realized that my current one needs to become two. And perhaps three after that - I will see how it goes...*How do you put AA first with a really busy schedule?* It's not been a problem for for some time now. When I was still attending 6 if not 7 times p/w and had the feeling of "Oh screw it I don't want or need to" I remembered how my thinking used to be and how it got me into quite a bit of trouble. I've become more or less comfortable with doing some things that I personally don't love or want to do in the moments before I do it because I am a devil for telling myself "Ugh I don't want to do that so I won't do that" but 9 times out of 10 it's better if I follow through with my routine and I'm usually glad that I do when it happens...*Should I try to go to less meetings?* Absolutely only if you want to. Your schedule does sound pretty packed. Do you think your sponsor would approve of an an extra phone call or an extended phone call in place of at least one meeting? It might free up one of those precious hours. Definitely discuss all of this with your sponsor and let them the pressure that you are under...*Do you think it's important to always stay this involved with AA?* It's such a personal and individual thing isn't it? I completely get what you've said about wanting to grow in other areas of your life. Personally I really embraced this desire as a positive thing and at the time my sponsor encouraged me to reduce my number of meetings. As you well know t's the classic thing of what works for one may not work for another of course. My personal answer is no - I have altered my AA attendance throughout my sobriety as needed. I would no doubt enjoy and benefit from going 7 times per week but for me it's neither realistic nor necessary...&amp;#x200B;..I hope you and yours are well and happy good fellow. IWNDWYT
&gt; working the steps once a week..??? What is that? Do some yoga on the bus...I went to at least one meeting  day for about the first five years. After that I had spells of once-a-day attendance but probably averaged 3-4 a week. After 10 years I cranked it up some because that' about the time where you realize how mentally ill you really are. Meetings aren't the program but early on the way you are they are very important. I go to 1-3 meetings a week nowadays. I'll have 40 years c&amp;s at the end of this month. I've seen literally hundreds of people go back out after having appreciable time of sobriety. To a person those who came back said they stopped going to meetings. Were I you I might back off on sponsoring or service work. It's difficult to sponsor more than a few people at a time I don't care how many sponsees Clancy has.
Sober Voices AA phone bridge meeting. .Every day and night at 12:00pm noon est and 10:00pm.712-432-0075.Pin 654443#.Absolutely the BEST AA meeting to go to. They follow the traditions closely and are very safe meetings. .
It sounds like you already know it's too much.  I always thought your sobriety comes first not AA. If you start resenting AA it's not good for your sobriety.  ..Maybe it's what you need.  I don't know.  But if your sponsor is bullying you that's probably not productive long term...Good luck!
1) There is nowhere in the Big Book that says you need to attend one meeting per day. I've been sober 8 months and I attend 1-2 meetings per week. At least try to make one meeting a week. That is the minimum...2) Yes recovery should come first but basic needs should actually be met before anything. If you're tired sleep. If you're hungry eat. You will burn out if you keep prioritizing things that should really come second. ..3) Going to meetings isn't the only recovery oriented activity that you are engaging in. You are grocery shopping cooking working with others moving in with your partner etc   these are all things that you wouldn't be able to have if you were still drinking. Anything I do sober I consider to be a recovery oriented activity. Whether it's meeting with another AA member for coffee going on a walk or journaling. ..4) Do what works for you. For some people going to 3 meetings a day works for them. Not for me!! Lol. Everyone's recovery journey is different. :-)..Someone once told me that AA shouldn't be your life; instead its purpose is to give you your life back! 
Meetings dont keep you sober. Working with others being of service and talking with another alcoholic is what keeps your sober. AA shouldnt be the main thing in your life. It gives you life back. Meetings are for the new comers and to be reminded... This is all my opinion though. I go to 3-5 meetings a week and i could always do more but that works for me for right now
AA doesn't have the answer for everything. Your sponsor sounds like a control freak to me. You need to live your life not be pushed around by your "sponsor"
Balance Balance Balance.  AA is supposed to give you your life back. You stay in the middle of the bed but live life free now.
We are in recovery to have a full and happy life... don't sweat the small stuff. Get to meetings when you can and work the steps in all your affairs - that's far more important than dogmatically meeting with your sponsor once a week. That's kinda what this whole thing is about. 
I used to be ultra active in AA. I had a commitment where I would have to leave the house at 5:00 every morning and due to my schedule I wouldn't return home till almost 10 at night. I was doing 8+ meetings a week. But eventually I got burned out and resented the fact all I ever did was AA and sleep. So I got drunk. Now I'm 3 days sober(after a bunch of heart breaking research) and I am determined to never again let myself get that overwhelmed again. My advice would be to seek out a sponsor with a better balance of AA and real life. 
Your needs change as you grow in sobriety. Sponsorship has to have some give and take. To still insist that you still go to a meeting a day after being sober for over three years is way too controlling for my liking. Sobriety is not a prison sentence. ..What does your sponsor say when you tell her what you told us? 
Honey that's a lot. ..I'm six years sober and could only manage three meetings a week during my early recovery. Though (to be fair) I called her  a *lot*. .I don't work well with 'directional' sponsors I had to work out what worked best for me and my sponsor was incredibly supportive while I trial and errored my way through...I do a lot of service and that keeps me plugged in a lot as does the friendships I've made. ..These days meetings are a little tough to get to - health stuff is pretty bad.  I value them more then I ever did and listen to speakers on line as well. .I stay active on line and surrender my will every morning. ..I spent the first three years running a 'perfect' program - and suspect that is a big part of my burn out. But it took that burn out to realise how much perfectionism (aka control) was still running my life. ..If your body is yelling for some attention - for the love of mike do it before it starts screaming. ..I took my health for granted before I got ill and it's been an eye opener. A real god is doing for me what I couldn't do for myself type situation. ..I have to say no to people on a regular basis and I *have* to put myself care first and recovery is a big part of that. ..It just is a little different to what worked for me (and what I needed) in the early days. ..I'm around if you need to talk. .
I have three home groups two in AA and one in Refuge Recovery.  I add one meeting depending on speakers or how I'm feeling occasionally.  I sponsor three guys with double digit sobriety (2 since they came in).  I call my sponsor as needed and see him probably monthly.  I have a busy job and serve two non-profits and have a loving wife and two grown children.  God willing I get to celebrate 15 years clean and sober in a couple weeks.  That's my experience.
I know its a cliche but if I were in your situation I would be contacting my higher power for guidance...To be honest I'm not sure what the point of getting sober is if I don't get to live my life. If my sponsor told me I had to always have three sponsee's I'd get a new sponsor. Here are my blunt answers...&gt; Do you go to a meeting every day? ..No. The only people I know who do this in my area are retired...&gt;  How do you put AA first with a really busy schedule? ..I don't put AA first. I put my *sobriety* first. If I do so much AA that I start to resent it and the people in it then that puts my sobriety at serious risk...&gt; Should I try to go to less meetings?..This a question I could only answer for myself by asking for guidance from my higher power. It's really not up to anyone else how many more or fewer meetings I need to go to...&gt; Do you think it's important to always stay this involved with AA?..I think service is important. However I like to think that if I have a full-fledged life outside of AA its a big part of the "attraction rather than promotion". What does a newcomer want to see? A bunch of people who have no life outside AA or a bunch of people who are joyous happy and free and no longer bound to their addiction? These two things are not mutually exclusive but when I came to the program I gravitated towards people who were clearly living the kind of life I wanted: in good relationships in good jobs and real hobbies that didn't involve fucking drinking.
I'll echo what some others have said here:..My previous sponsor used to always say that the point of coming IN to to AA is so we can go OUT into the world and live a meaningful and purposeful life. Sounds like you are doing that good for you!  Don't let that stuff bog you down it's good!  It happens to me too...The point of coming into AA is not so we can live inside the walls of AA rooms.  That being said it is important to figure out what amount of meetings work for you...The important part is practicing these principles in all our affairs which means that we practice the steps in all we do and develop a program that becomes part of our lives and helping others recover and freely passing on what we have been freely given.
Great questions; I'm a few months over 3 years as well so right around the same mark. AA is the only thing that's worked for me thus far so it's of utmost importance to myself which it sounds like you share the same viewpoint...Do I go to a meeting daily? Simply put no. My sponsor has been around for a few decades and is retired he definitely does a few more than myself at this point. I work full time on 1st shift and am getting ready to go to back to school and have shifted schedule to accommodate yet another change. My scheduled commitments:.Mon - work dinner meeting.Tues - work meeting (school near future).Wed - work dinner with sponsor meeting.Thur - work relax ( school near future).Fri - work socialize usually a meeting.Weekend - morning meetings responsibilities socialize relax etc. (home work eventually)..For me the balance constantly changes. I'm at my best when I stay in the middle of AA and working with other; I usually learn lessons and make amends when I'm on the outside looking in. We live and we learn pain is great for growth in my experience...How do I put AA first? I continue to say yes to AA working with others continues to play that tape back to remind me where I've been. I take the responsibility statement to heart; I don't have to be captain recovery attempting to save every lost soul but when asked for support in and out of the rooms... the answer is yes...Keep on trudging
Meetings help but they don't keep you sober.  Life needs balance.  I go to 2-3 meetings a week do a service commitment in on of the meetings.   
AA will give you the kind of life that will take you out of AA.  I go to 5-6 meetings have several sponsees and a busy full life. I keep AA the top priority by making it my top priority...I sometimes wonder if some of all that is unnecessary. It might be but the only way to find out is to cut back until I get drunk. I'd rather wonder if it's necessary than discover it was. 
There is a lot more to AA than meetings. I am AA where ever I go I am AA. I carry the message in so many places and I practice the steps daily all day. . .I enjoy meetings they are great for that connection to other alcoholics and socializingbut my sobriety is big book/God based not fellowship based so I am good wherever I go. . .The saying "you have to make AA your number one priority" which is true but it does not mean you have to live in meetings and put meetings ahead of children and a life it means you have to put the steps first practice these principles in all our affairs.   .  .That being said if you can get to more it will benefit you. I slowed down around 3rd yr and I paid the price big time I almost had a complete emotional break down. I have a couple other friends who stopped meetings and program and ended up in the mental hospital. .   .. .
I'm also 3 years in and my sobriety has sort of mellowed out.   I've not pursued sponsorship or fear missing a meeting each day.  Im still involved and passionate about it but also I've been using more time to explore other parts of my life.  The big book makes mention that we should not make AA a vocation.  For me this means AA should be a means for living but not a full time job.  I simply dialed back a little at a time and now comfortably hit or chair a couple meetings a week and maintain my AA relationships.  Including having a serious partner in AA who also supports a good way of spiritual living.  I don't think one person's version of sober living is necessarily the same as mine despite sharing the same program.  See what works if you feel disturbances in your life increasing then you know the direction to go to get back on path.   Just my 2 cents on my personal current state of affairs.
I'll share my schedule which is based on AA...I have a 9-5 job with commute thes wed rhurs fri sun meetings .CSR one Monday h&amp;I one Monday GSR one sat young persons aa committee 1st and 3rd sun.Currently no sponssees or SO around two and a half years sober...AA feels like a second full time job and I sometimes find myself wishing I had a larger life outside of AA.  I sometimes get distracted by the treasures of the world.   I always hear people talking about how they didn't get sober to live in the rooms of AA.  I've heard so many different ideas from people that im not exactly sure which direction my life should take.  I have prayed for the answer and found something meaningful in the 12 steps and 12 traditions.  It's says "True ambition is not what we thought it was. True ambition is a deep desire to live usefully and walk under the grace of God"  When I re align my way of thinking with this passage I find happiness
No I don't think it's important and if you're doing well and busy I think a meeting a day at this point is ridiculous. 
And I thought a 90 in 90 was bad lol
It was difficult to get past  The only way to stay sober... ...Just say no to dogma. 
Only 425 days sober..Sometimes i make 5 meetings a week..Sometimes i make one...As long as i keep coming back and carry this to my outside life....There is no need for me to fear..My life is not my responsibility...We all do this different and sometimes life is busy.
I have 3 little kids one of them is 6 months old. It's not an excuse it is literally impossible for me to get to a meeting every day. I HATE the implication that it means I don't take my sobriety seriously or that I'm not working the steps. I would love to have an hour a day for working on myself but truth is some days I don't have 10 mins to do my meditation app. 
I'm 4 years 7 months and 17 days sober today and I did that one day at a time. I did it by being completely honest with myself and others. In my first few weeks of sobriety I went to two meetings a week. Since then I only go to one meeting - at my home group - a week..I do service for my group - set up the room put the coffee on etc. and I'm also the treasurer. Every single one of us stay sober in our own way and so far this works for me..I agree with another poster that your sponsor sounds a little like a control freak and as for having three sponsees - forget that. You're a busy person and as long as you don't pick up that first drink get to a meeting when you can and be happy - you'll stay in recovery..Here's a link to my home group's website - set up and maintained by me as further service...https://sites.google.com/view/aamsobm/home..Stay well. Remember it works if you work it..
Here's the pattern I see when people start drinking again.  They cut back on the program get a resentment (not necessarily in that order) and get drunk.  Then the cycle repeats.  ..I need to remind myself that when I did the third step I meant it.  Something funny happened when I committed to 5-6 meetings a week no matter what' 5-6 meetings a week became easy and I had the time...I've also discovered the math they taught me in school didn't apply to AA.  It's pretty well accepted that there's 24 hours in a day and it seems if I take a couple hours to go to a meeting a couple hours to help someone else then there's only 20 left for me.  AA math doesn't work that way; I seem to wind up with more time if I do those things.  Maybe it has to do with the fourth dimension maybe it has to do with being more efficient because I'm more efficient. I do not tire so easily for I an not burning up energy foolishly as I did when we were trying to arrange life to suit myself.  ..&amp;#x200B;
I had been wrestling with this exact same thing! I had so much guilt and some resentment as well. I decided that I wanted to be sober to live not live to be sober. I really started feeling like ALL I was doing was spending time on AA related matters and it depressed me instead of helping my recovery. The great thing about AA is that there are infinite ways to work the program. Find the right balance for you! 
