-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a5bnj2/coming_to_my_step_1_admitting_my_powerlessness/

I thought the first time around in recovery in which I had 15 months clean and sober I had a solid step 1. I ticket all the boxes said the right things was a "model student" I honestly and genuinely did a fearless and thorough step 4 and 5 and practised the steps in my daily life and went on to sponsor others. My life was great I had a wonderful way of living of coping with bad times. It bought the joy to my life but also the ripple effect to my family and friends also. My son came back to live with me full time our relationship blossomed social services closed the case. I also got in to a relationship of which I am still in today. Life was perfect... Now this is where the insidiousness of the illness kicked in for me. I thought because life was great... I didn't need the meetings so much any more. I stopped going to as many then eventually none. Stopped speaking to people. Became resentful. Etc. Etc we've heard it all before. ..But also what i would also like to point out is along with alcohol I took a lot of drugs and drugs bought me to my knees quicker. Drugs are what I thought gave me my consequences. I still had that lurking notion that I could possibly drink one day. ..And I did... And so set off a relapse the alcohol a slow burner but I was hiding bottles making excuses for my drinking then I was out partying and then fighting with people in the street. I could never just have 1. I had to keep going. And inevitably it all lead to me picking up the drugs again. ..What the point of this post is really... I guess for my benefit to type it out as tonight's meeting has been about step one and I'm right at the beginning of the book again but to also share with others and others share back their experiences... ..I don't think I had that solid foundation last time... I still thought deep down I could drink again... I don't think I had been fully bought to my knees internally - externally yes cause everything was a fucking mess... But internally there wasn't that inner surrender. I get that now. ..Without a solid foundation a solid step one... there's no point in carrying on. 
----------immediate responses--------

I started going into the rooms with the "yets". "I haven't had a DUI yet been to prison yet." Because I am a stubborn person with self will run riot I had to get to the "agains". "How did I end up here again?" Fortunately I found that gift of desperation and am thoroughly convinced I can not safely drink ever again. ..I started with drugs too drinking never worried me. Little did I know drinking was my main symptom. I just couldn't get honest enough to see or admit I had a spiritual malady. Today it is just one day at a time. I don't look back only forward...Just keep fighting and keep coming back. Remember you are not alone!
Agree. You may understand more this time around.
I guess your explanation of what happened is why so many fail at AA. We forget that we are only sober as a daily reprieve. Without our  medicine  our brains are susceptible to the disease. ..Okay a few meetings a week and contact with people in the fellowship are necessary for me to stay sober. ..Good luck on your impending comeback. 
Well at least you understand that theres no place in our lives for alcohol. It's taking a gamble that you'll never ever ever ever beat the odds. I'm glad you are looking at the positive to this unfortunate experience. No more.
Amen!
Glad you're back!  And you already know from experience the promises are a true guarantee.  Thank you for helping me remember that Step one is the only step I must do perfectly *every day* to ensure my daily reprieve.
My step one.....I did the first part - "admitted we were powerless over alcohol" and I got into the program and fellowship. I was reading the book attending meetings trying to pray and doing better than i ever had but i was still a jumbled mess inside i was sober but i was full of fear and anger everybody pissed me off!!!! My first sponsor who had been essential to my recovery up to that point started going through his own stuff and changing and we grew apart...I didn't want to but it looked like i had to find another sponsor I MUST have prayed about it because i was lead to the perfect sponsor for me but he was someone I never would have had the intelligence to say " he can really help me" and i would not have chosen him myself because he was too old and spiritual and that scared me. Anyways i was approaching 2 years sober and this "old guy" he says to me " you never did all of the first step you never admitted complete defeat". This floored me I argued i got angry and confused after all i had done the 4th and 5th steps with my previous sponsor how could this be?..So he starts working on me but unknown to me my defenses were thick many years of building them into walls to try and keep control and limit fear - this work had to be undone it was killing me but it had become automatic I didn't even have to think about it anymore...I had to admit my life was unmanageable WITH or WITHOUT alcohol. That is the second part of the first step. Because if alcohol is my only problem then if i quit drinking life should be good not for me and people like me if i quit drinking and don't change I will kill myself or someone else sooner or later. I am far too sensitive and obsessive and full of fear and selfishness to be able to function all by myself. I require the help of a higher power and the fellowship of AA and the 12 steps and spiritual principles to have a "normal" life...So i first admit defeat to alcohol and then i admit defeat in life!
Step one is important but the book says step 3 is the keystone to recovery.  People say 12 and 3 are the foundation but the book says working with others is. Step 1 is cool but the real key is willingness
So if you can't imagine never having a drink again don't even bother?
" And so set off a relapse the alcohol a slow burner but I was hiding bottles making excuses for my drinking then I was out partying and then fighting with people in the street."..This made me laugh. Thanks for sharing because it is exactly where I am at now and got there the same way you did... just quit going to meetings and being involved with other AA people. Without accountability from others I'm probably never gonna get this sober thing right. ..I roll my eyes every time I walk into a meeting and the group decides to go over Step 1 because I'm still green. I feel like I know it and it's easy but apparently it's the one i struggle with the most. 
cunningbafflingpowerful. I found out early on that I needed to practice step 1 perfectly on a daily basis.
