-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a65489/relapse_after_several_yearsnow_what/

My husband has been sober for quite some time after a period of alcoholism. He is our sole provider and we have 4 teens. He is an outwardly happy man. He has suicidal ideology and has for most of his life culminating in a suicide attempt in 2011. He received excellent treatment and He has been sober since. ..We just purchased a new home. He is under some pressure regarding the mortgage and bills but we have a safety net account and we are doing ok. The home is not extravagant but it is sizable as we have 4 kids. ..He started drinking last week. Beer. He loves craft beers. He got so drunk he blacked out and was running naked through the house while my friend was visiting from out of state. (Kids were all gone thank fucking god) last night he got so drunk he puked and had to call in to work today. ..It had been one week and this is already starting to affect the family. While I know what I need to do (get more work etc) I don't know what to do for him or for the kids. We are all in individual therapy but I suspect the teens don't open up. I don't sit in on their sessions. ..What do I do to help him and them and myself so this doesn't affect is further in a negative way and we csn learn and move forward together and not feel divided? 
----------immediate responses--------

Alanon. 
Alanon can solve your problem. 
Focus on taking care of yourself and guiding your kids to take care of themselves. All of you should go to Al-Anon meeting to share. Your husband is going his own path and is making choices and you need to take care of yourself.
You can do nothing for him that he won't do himself.  Take care of you.  You need to feel safe in your home and you don't have the responsibility to clean up his messes.  You and the kids should consider Al-Anon. Most of us here are just drunks who aren't drunk anymore so we aren't your best resource for how to survive being one of our family members.  I think we'd probably all tell you that you can't want him to recover badly enough for both of you.  DO NOT give ultimatums or demand he go into treatment unless you intend to carry out whatever consequences you attach to it.  
AA is for alcoholics to share experience strength and hope with each other. Alanon is for family members to talk about how our drinking affects them. Check out Alanon.
Good you and the teens had the 7 years of peace and hopefully they won't be subjected to too much during the time they have left at home. If your man doesn't pick himself back up you may need to develop a plan B to support your family that doesn't include him assisting with paying the bills.
Did he ever go to meetings and if so did he stop? You both need to get help.
Sorry you are going through this you're not alone.  They call alcoholism a 'family disease' because everyone suffers the effects.  If you're living with a drinking alcoholic like so many have then it will change who you are.  Believe me you can't love it out of them you have to treat yourself and be healthy for your kids.  I know because I was exactly like your husband.  Alanon will can help a lot highly recommend it. 
