-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a6hep6/my_sponsor_relapsed_i_need_support/

I have been sober 16 months. ..Tonight my partner and I will be attending a wedding reception. My partner is the Maid of Honor so we will be there until the entire reception is over at midnight. ..I have honestly never been so worried about attending an event with alcohol served as I am tonight's event. The daily obsession to drink has left me but I feel very lost and vulnerable today. No one else that will be in attendance is in Recovery and I am scared. Normally I find that I'm okay in these situations but my nervousness heading into this specific situation is unusual and I'm asking for help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good on your for reaching out. Seems like you're dealing with a  perfect storm  with several big triggers...The immediate thought that comes to my mind is self preservation. Have an exit plan. Gracefully bow out if it gets too hairy. I'd suggest going to a meeting. Getting a new sponsor (even if temporary). 
Hopefully the band/dj is good and you can dance your butt off.
Maybe have one or a few text conversations going on throughout the hours with some AA buddies? Kinda give them a play by play? Maybe with a humorous bent like you're the sober "fly on the wall" reporting back to your friends? Me and my guys do that kind of thing a lot when one of us is going to some event. It's a lot of fun! 
Prepare a crisis plan. You have to know exactly what you're gonna do when shit hits the fan. 
I'm 19 months sober and the fact that you're reaching out for help shows that you've got this!..You're not going to drink tonight because you've been honest here about your fear and instead of haunting that space between your ears called your mind you've shared those thoughts here and taken the  power out of them...I was at my wife's work Christmas party the other night and the drink and drugs were flowing and by midnight we were ready to leave. However on the plus side I'd danced and laughed and talked and when other people had got to the point where they weren't making any sense we slipped away. ..Make sure you know your escape route and you'll be fine
You've a good reason for being there. Bring what you can to the occasion to help others have a good time. Be willing to drive home someone who shouldn't drive.
You've already received some good advice and encouragement about attending the event tonight. Just wanted to say that I've been there with a relapsing sponsor. For me it kind of shook my faith in the program and I struggled to find a new sponsor for quite a while after. Make sure to reach out to other friends and mentors in the program so you have somewhere to turn if your sponsor isn't able to fulfill their usual role in your life right now. I like the suggestion of having a few recovery friends "on standby" to text with throughout the event tonight.
