-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a6utyu/made_it_to_90_days/

I've stuggled with substance abuse for a long time. I've relapsed several times and tried to get  Back on Track  again. Today I am celebrating 90 days. 90 days without taking that  one last shot  that I never needed. 90 days without having to wake up and piece together my night. 90 days without a hangover. 90 days without having to apologize for something I don't remember doing. 90's of no blackouts. ..I wanted to share this because I finally feel proud of myself and I haven't for a long time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you..... . .You're one of the lucky few...  .  .Keep going 
Amazing! It's working......................
Congratulations Mambah! Those first ninety days... Some of the hardest most rewarding work in my life. I'm more than a year old now and those early struggles seem so far behind me. Truth is they're never far away. I deeply appreciate the reminder. Thank you for sharing..Keep on keeping on.  
The clarity! Congratulations -- this is great. Keep doing the next right thing and it gets better and better. We are so fortunate to not drink today. 
It works if you work it. Congrats.
Share your story and go on a commitment.
Lining em up knockin' em down. One day at a time! .A thousand congratulations on this monumental accomplishment. I love you!!!
I don't think relapse is...an actual event like birth or graduation.  Relapse is not in the Alcoholics Anonymous text.  I do not want people to beat themselves up with REEELLAAAAPSEEE OOOOooooooh.  Booga booga...I am either participating in my recovery or im not.  Shit right now I'm not!!!  I'm technically sober but I'm not active.  It sucks but I bring it up because WE ARE NOT SAINTS.  I'm not one THANK GAWD!!!..I dislike the switch theory of someone sober or not.  I've had DRUGS(Medicine) in sobriety. It's a spectrum...You are NOT ALONE
Congrats! That's awesome! The day I picked up my three month chip an old timer in my home group said  The first thirty days is harder than the first thirty years.  So yes it IS a big deal. Keep it going one day at a time. 
