-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a7mgbp/bad_experience_with_a_meeting/

So as the title says I had a really bad experience well experiences with this one meeting and since then I haven't gone to any meetings. Basically I went to these meetings near me and everyone was so cold and distant. No one came up to talk to me and make me feel welcome. Everyone who were members there stayed in little circles and talked amongst themselves. I tried going to this meeting multiple times but it was the same over and over again. It got to the point I dreaded going I felt so alone and scared. I finally just stopped going. Well I ended up relapsing in October and my doctor told me I need to start going to AA again. I am definitely not going back to that group. I have chosen another group to try out but I am scared to death of going. I don't want this group to be the same and leave me feeling so alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Skip that one and go to another one.  Under the circumstances I find ideal meetings are the absolute most welcoming place we can be.   There is one near me that meets at convenient times that I don't go to as every time I've been I've had to listen to shares from angry dry drunks.  Some meetings just suck figure out which ones near you are good and utilize those.
Some groups suck. No other way to say it. .I don't think they're even unkind people just oblivious or all think someone else will welcome the newcomer so no one does..Go until you find a group you like maybe look for another newcomer to approach yourself since you know how it feels..For years I went to AA to save my life not to socialize. I finally found a group that feels like family now. Hope you do too!.
Yep not all AA meetings are created equal. ..I made the rounds of certain meeting for the first 3 1/3 years of my sobriety. I changed ALL of my meeting places and all of the people I hang with. ..I have found a wonderful support group and they aren't even all AA. My sobriety has grown in leaps and bounds with the biggest change in my emotional sobriety. ..Try going in and introducing yourself. Shake hands. Stand at the door Nd greet people. A big part of sobriety is learning to ask for help. ..Best of luck and IWNDWYT 
Just the other day someone posted about going to their first meeting and everyone there was so nice that it was almost too much. I told them they were very fortunate to find that as an intro to AA. That is how it should be. Those meetings are out there but unfortunately they aren't always the easiest to find. Keep trying. There are people in an aa meeting somewhere in your town praying for you to walk in their door so they can try to help you. 
I've heard people say "you'll never leave a meeting feeling as bad as you did when you went in."  That's bullshit.  Some meetings are just bad.  They don't talk about the book or the steps they rehash their own drinking over and over.  The other day I heard two old-timers flat out say they don't sponsor people anymore....I mean *what the fuck?*...In my experience I need to attend multiple groups many times throughout the week.  I much rather like the saying "keep going to more and more different meetings until you find one you *don't* like."  Unfortunately you found that one right away....I hate the cliquey shit.  It's too easy to forget how it was like at the beginning....Now that being said your recovery is your responsibility.  No one in that group made you drink.  You can find a message in *any* meeting.  But just going to one specific meeting and hanging your very life on it is just a bad idea to begin with.  Venture out and find more.  Go to a different one every day if you have to.  This is your recovery we're talking about.  If we put half as much zeal into our recovery as we did in our drinking we will be amazed.
You do need at get the attitude that you attend AA to listen learn and to keep yourself sober.  Thinking that you will make friends isn't very realistic.   I live in a rural place with few meetings but I have made myself comfortable by being very clear about why is am going.  Simple answer - to learn how to live sober...I am a rather quiet person and don't mingle well.  But I smile say hello share when I can and bring food (donuts or whatever) on occasion.  In time the place always warms up - especially when the  old timers  see that you are serious...
I feel like I have to go to a lot of meetings to come away with the nuggets some times.  For me having a tight home group and a curiosity to walk in to most any meeting and check it out has been helpful. Doing it makes it less scary. There are people there who need you there. Anytime my brain starts to criticize the path of sobriety though I remember how cunning and baffling it can be. People told me to shut up or I'd never see another day... Don't be scared to death to go be scared of not going because of death.  Don't let personalities get in the way of principles or this experience is bound to happen over and over. Alcohol kept your ancestors alive your body is confused. Stay away from the drink for the sake of generations to come. 
Sorry you've had this experience. I've had it too. What worked for me was forcing my way into conversations by introducing myself to as many people as possible and telling them that I was new. That opened a few doors. Yes people are supposed to be welcoming to newcomers   and many are   but unfortunately it's not universally true...I'll say also that you can try as many different meetings as you can. There's one that meets just minutes from my house but I don't go because I don't like it.
Sometimes you gotta put yourself outside of your comfort zone and walk up to these circles and say Hey I am new and I need some support. I went to meetings for about 3-4 months before I made friends and I remember the exact night I made the decision to go back inside and talk to people I didn't know - I use to just head straight to my car when the meeting end too afraid to put myself out there. That was a huge turning point for me. ..Goodluck you aren't alone. 
Especially when you fear being alone you have to reach out to people at the meeting. The more you try to connect the more others will notice and try to connect as well. It's also incredibly freeing to reach out to someone and ask them for help because you don't quite know where to start. I did that the other night and got my first sponsor who turns out to be an incredible man. Good luck. Keep coming back. 
Imagine if someone made that same complaint about a grocery store: they kept going back to the same grocery store and every time they were rude didn't have a wide variety of stock cheated at the checkout rifled through your car while it was in the parking lot--yet for some reason you kept going to that grocery store despite there being many others in the same town. My guess would be that there was some reason why they kept going...This disease causes us to manipulate people places and things so that we can return to drinking sometimes unconsciously. Your best chance at not returning to drinking is a firm resolve to do whatever is necessary; sobriety must come first or it won't come at all. For most people making meetings is necessary to stay sober. Find a meeting that you can tolerate if you truly have a desire to stop drinking.
Most AA meetings in my experience are not like the ones you described. Try to find meetings near where people close to your age live and/or work...I have been to some meetings where the group is a lot older than me. Not that they weren't friendly just not a great fit.
Some meetings are geared specifically toward newcomers are you able to find those?  ..I decided early on that no crotchety old timers were going to keep me from my chance at sobriety...Even after years in the program I still seek out meetings that fit my current situation...Keep trying your sobriety is worth it...
I did 90 meetings in 90 days at the request of my sponsor. One of the great gifts to come from that experience was that it forced me to go to many different meetings. I ended up finding a few meetings where I felt at home and I still go to those today. 
I've been sober a long time and I've found sometimes a meeting just sucks.  I would make a point of going to as many different meetings as possible especially at first.  When you find one that really clicks go back to it.   Be sure to raise your hand as a newcomer (if you can bring yourself to do it).   Keep coming back it will work.   
Every meeting has a personality and some aren't going to be a fit for you.  I give each meeting two tries and then move on.  I've found some that I really love.  Hope you do too!
Sounds like there is not much recovery in the rooms. Or people not working the 12th step...I've been to a few like that in small towns. With a lot of sick meetings. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'd be finding another meeting but i also wouldn't blame my relapse on other people...My life is not my responsibility when working the AA program. ..&amp;#x200B;..When i'm just going to meetings i'm in trouble.
Hi.When I first went to a meeting it felt very unwelcoming and full of angry people sharing drinking stories. I didn't go back for a few years. At the time I didn't realize that there were different meetings full of different people following different formats. I hope you keep trying them until you find one that fits. I'm guilty of sometimes just sticking to my "clique" at my home group and not reaching out to strangers or newcomers. Thanks for reminding me what this is all about. It can feel quite scary for me still trying to fit in in a group where I don't know anyone. I'm sure if you keep giving it a shot you'll find that most people there will welcome you.
Wow there's a lot of fluff up in here.....sounds exactly like my experiences before I actually started working a program and blamed my loneliness on everyone else and that "they weren't saving me".....go back and open up say that and I'll bet you here something very different than you are thinking in your head. 
Suggestion: When you go to the new meeting they will ask if there are visitors. When they do simply say you are checking out other meetings as the other group did not talk to you and acted cold.  You want to find a meeting where people will talk to new members. This will give a hint to the new group. I bet they would go out of their way.
Did you talk to anyone? People aren't psychic they won't know you're in suffering unless you talk to them.                           ....I learned not to judge entire meetings based on the thoughts in my head. Sometimes I would attend a fine meeting while in a poor mood other times I would attend a meeting that was just a little "off" but I would be in a fine mood and gain something for it. Meetings change frequently as we move from meeting to meeting so I do my best to not have favorites or judge "good meetings" and "bad meetings" but to just go. Often a meeting which isn't working great for me will turn around after a month or two and become wonderful while the opposite can often be true. I know that I can only "get out" of a meeting something in scale to what my mind is like when I go in there. Additionally oftentimes we are just there to help other people with our shares and after-meeting discussion it's not always about "me."
There's bad experiences with everything in this world.  You can't let that discourage you in your journey to recovery and health.  There's bad doctors but there's also doctors who are amazing.  When something bad happens and you have to go to the hospital and got a bad doctor that time you'd still be going there again in the case of an emergency.  Go to other meetings every day.  Most are amazing some are trash...but don't let the trash meetings be detrimental to your recovery.  Just find another one for that evening next week.  Works if you work it!
Go early. Introduce yourself. At the meeting share that you are feeling alone and scared. Stay after the meeting go up to a person who shared something that clicked with you. Help set up the meetings help clean up after the meetings. ..Go to a different meeting everyday. Big book study meetings Step study meetings. Speaker meetings. If you are a man go to a mens meeting. If you are a woman go to a womans meeting. ..
I went to every group in our city.  I found several like you did but I found several that are incredible.  Not liking a particular meeting is normal.  Keep shopping
