-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a7q0it/struggling/

My significant other who has been a great support person in my own recovery has relapsed. I haven't for a minute thought that I wanted to pick back up but I've heard so many horror stories of couples in recovery going down together that I still have had a lot of fear in some moments. I'm talking to my sponsor and close friends in recovery about it and I have been praying to my a Higher Power to guide me in my recovery and I know that my will has no place here. I have to accept things as they are right here right now and continue to focus on my own recovery. He is currently in detox after a very brief relapse which did not include his drug of choice although I know that's what would have come next if he didn't go. I'm proud of him for his willingness to get help. This person means so much to me. I love him dearly and it's really hard right now to find the appropriate boundaries to be supportive and also protect myself and my recovery. Our relationship is well established and was very healthy until he picked up ... so I'm not looking to cut ties with him. Any positive experiences on getting through a relapse of a loved one are greatly appreciated. Love to you all &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like your doing the right stuff by staying in the middle of the herd and in contact with your HP. 
It seems like you are making good decisions about yourself. You will each have your own path in recovery and hopefully they will intersect in a good way.  The future certainly is unknown.
I went through the exact same thing in my relationship! Good job in staying strong in the program and with your higher power it seems like that what was kept me together when my SO relapsed. Be supportive just like they are a newcomer and make sure to communicate when he gets out. I would also recommend knowing your own personal  okay I draw the line  boundary as well. I had the best most loving relationship but after the 3rd relapse I chose to walk away knowing it couldn't continue healthily with constant relapsing. I'm so proud of you for dealing with this the healthy way and using your tools! If you ever need anything my inbox is open :)
