-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a7tdvh/im_about_to_relapse/

There's no one for me to call I get the same advice every time it's about to happen and I don't want to hear  if you use you will lose everything  or  make a gratitude list   work the steps (which I did today). Have been to 2 meetings today and did step work and I've got a pill in my hand. I've prayed I mean there's literally nothing that can stop me. I'm an alcoholic and a drug addict. Is there any advice from any of you before this happens? Or should I just pop it since I'm not ready to genuinely be sober obviously
----------immediate responses--------

You can do whatever you want AA will be there for you whenever you are ready. 
How'd you get the pill in your hand?
You have a case of the fuck its. You're far gone and there is nothing anyone can say to you to make you  stay sober. ..If you're saying fuck it then you're on the opposite side of willingness. ..I do hope you will have the desire to stop using. The rooms will be there regardless so come back. ..
Do what you need to do. AA is not here and doesnt work to force people to get or stay sober against their will. But no one here will cosign your decision or tell you to just get loaded either if you're looking for someone to tell you that. You have to make a decision for yourself whether you actually want to stay sober or not. Until you do AA wont be much help 
That place is my least favorite to be in. The days when I know I don't need it but I want it. And I just think about all the bad decisions I have made because I drank and the people I have hurt. Sadly enough it doesn't stop me. Once I'm drinking again it all comes back up. I think about all of it. But it doesnt stop me from that next time. It's a horrible place  but you're not alone. You're never alone in that feeling. Stay strong whenever you can.. but we all have that. Best wishes to you. 
I genuinely wanted to get sober but still got drunk.  That's powerlessness. ..Have you done a 5th step yet?  That's where I think recovery starts.  For right now you're doing the right thing asking for help.  What worked for me in the beginning was getting down on my knees and asking my higher power to remove the compulsion to drink and use drugs. 
Stay sober today. You can use tomorrow if you still want to.
My suggestion first of all is if you don't want to use then just flush the pill. Using or not using is your choice nothing in A.A. or recovery holds any power if you don't decide to abstain from drugs or alcohol. This is hard to see when you have thoughts of using like you are having but no one is going to force you one way or the other. We make the decisions and those can be hard decisions to make. I understand that you probably have some good reasons in your head that are telling you to take that pill. I've been there too and when I was first getting sober I did give in to those desires but at some point you have to stand behind what you really want. So do you want sobriety or do you want the pill? It can really be that simple all you have to do is just make a decision.
You need to stop thinking about it and work with other drunks. Do not bring up your shit and only be of service to them. The only thing that insurers us from the first drink is that. Or don't the fact that you are done. If you are asking these questions means you are sick and tired of it. The fastest way to ensure of filling your statement is to use and we all know where that road goes. You and sobriety matter to me and I hope that you find your happiness...The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking 
I've been here many times. I was first in AA 10 years ago and now have 15 months.  It's been a long journey and coming in and out of the rooms suck.  I'm sorry you feel this way it WILL pass. I promise.  Better to sleep and watch tv or whatever than use. After being sober and going to AA using is never the same. Sobriety gets better.  You can stay sober.  Fuck one day at a time one second at a time. You got this
"no human power could relieve our alcoholism"..  . ."at certain times the alcoholic has no effective mental defense against the first drink this defense MUST COME FROM A HIGHER POWER".  .  . Those lines from the big book sure make it clear to me that no amount of meetings or any sponsor will keep me sober.  ..The steps are in the big book pen only hits paper in step 4. The steps are prayers and actions not worksheets and other bullshit some "sponsor" or treatment center made up. .   .Either get on your knees and completely give yourself to "God" or pop the pill/drink whatever....    ..Half measures availed us NOTHING .
I wish there was something that I could say to get you to not do that pill...but you've already made up your mind if it's in your hand to take or not to take it.  The problem is that you are the only one with you at all times.  We all love the feelings that drugs and alcohol give us.  If not we wouldn't be addicts and alcoholics but to me the things that taking pills alcohol and heroin did to me and the people I care about outweighed what those things made me feel like some of the time.  On top of that I was sick 3/4's of the time.  It's just hard to think about that when it's already in your hand though. ..&amp;#x200B;..If you do do that pill or you already have don't be discouraged with it.  People freak out because their clean time is "gone" and immediately have a justification to do anything you want.  Stay out of the rabbit hole...the bottom keeps getting deeper and deeper and deeper.
Flush it and go to bed if it is late and for a walk if it is not. Sometimes our sobriety is minute to minute. I walked the alcohol aisle in Walmart every day for a week and at the end of the aisle reminded myself that I have worked hard to be in the solution and that this too shall pass. .I made it through the summer with sobriety in tact. ..That is what living in the solution will do for you. ..Find a sober buddy or two and make an agreement to call each other when you feel the way you felt holding that pill. ..I hope you flushed it.  IWNDWYT 
NEVER UNDER ESTIMATE THE POWER OF THE POP IN!!!!    
whats making u want to relapse? also write a things im looking forward to list write until you cant write anymore in every dept. of your life. use your imagination as to how u want your life to be in 125 20 years.
