-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a8ghlu/27_years_sober_and_im_struggling_today/

.I'm in posession of pain management medication (legit) and my wife is being a total asshole. She completely exhausts me.  And we are stuck in a car together fir a few more hours (she is driving)  I'm tempted to over-use the medication so that I have a place to hide. Hoping for a quick online meeting instead. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd read 60-63 and now whatnot says after that. 
Deep breaths.  You can do this!  You would just be punishing yourself.....not her. 
I hate pain meds they get me so angry and frustrated.. It will pass. .  .I had some major surgery and chronic pain in sobriety I found out about Kratom. It works great for pain and doesn't get you high like pain pills do.  .Kratom is still a powerful drug/medication and needs to be treated as such but it's far safer than the alternative opioids etc.  .  .Joke..... OK..  .   .Put 100 government workers and 100 lesbiens on a room what do you have?  .200 people who don't do dick.  .   .. .
Get on your knees and ask God for help say the serenity prayer and find a meeting. 
10 minutes at a time.  What are your expectations of yourself your wife the experience of overusing.   What does it change?!?!   Usually nothing.  You're just starting over with the same problems.  Put the emotions on pause and think through it.  ..Also you don't have to attend every argument you are invited to 
So glad to hear it!  I know what it's like to manage long term sobriety and then suddenly get hit out of the blue with a huge temptation.  Just when you think you might be a normie.......&gt;SMACK&lt;.  Nope. I am still an alcoholic and an addict.  
Anger was the topic of discussion in a meeting I was at earlier - here are some great points I remember:..Allowing someone to make you angry gives them an element of control over you - don't let them control you/your mood. ..Turn this situation/your reaction over to your higher power if you can't control it. How would your HP want you to behave/feel?..Anger is usually fear-based (this includes your wife) Everyone has their own illness. Non-alcoholics included. She may not be in a healthy place either and the anger is an expression of that. ..Can you suggest a podcast you both would enjoy to turn the focus onto something external? Good luck - remember what booze did to you. That was far worse than a crappy car ride. 
It sounds like this might be a good time to practice tolerance and acceptance. I find myself stuck in situations where I have no control over the behavior of others and I can either choose to accept it or I can take my self-will and run with it which is never good. I've been sober a number of years as well and don't have any big problems or issues with my past alcoholism that are in my life but I do get stuck in my self-will frequently. I still am working on being tolerant and respectful around people with whom I have issues with. I find it especially hard at my job where I don't have any kind of control over the behaviors of other people. It reminds me of this passage from  How It Works  -  Most people try to live by self-propulsion. Each person is like an actor who wants to run the whole show; is forever trying to arrange the lights the ballet the scenery and the rest of the players in his own way. If his arrangements would only stay put if only people would do as he wished the show would be great. What usually happens? The show doesn't come off very well. He begins to think life doesn't treat him right. He decides to exert himself more. He becomes on the next occasion still more demanding or gracious as the case may be. Still the play does not suit him..  (Pg. 60-61) What I get from this is that even if my situation is affected by other people or circumstances the moment I try to exert my influence or self-will over that situation then I am in trouble. If I'm not sure that what I'm doing is right then I'm at risk of falling back into my disease. 
How are you doing?  Just wanted to check on you and share a family favorite..Why don't bond people skydive? ...It makes the dog nervous
Sounds like you are going through a tough time. Medication will not solve it and it will just make it more complicated. I would strongly suggest you CALL someone online meetings will help as well.
I saw someone recommending "Kratom" in another comment as a "joke." I'd avoid that garbage like the plague. Seen people get hooked on it pretty quickly it's an addictive substance.
Whenever I'm mad at my wife I try to remember how I felt when we first married. I also remember how those pain meds give you that "everything is all right with the world" warm and fuzzy feeling and how inviting it is when you know it's just a pill away. That's a dangerous spot to be in and you did the right thing seeking a distraction from it; that's the AA way instead of trying to gut it out on your own. 
The tools I've been given in recovery allow me different options in this situation. Text your sponsor text a friend pray deep breathing meditation. Texting a sponsee (helping another helps me the most). I hope you get through your pain quickly. This too shall pass 
listen to an audiobook on your headphones or music..write a gratitude list and goals for 2019. look up boundaries on youtube.
