-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a8iqbb/comorbidity_alcoholism_eating_disorders/

Hello..I'm a 23 year old woman. I had an eating disorder starting at age 10 and then started drinking &amp; using heavily at 17. I struggled immensely with addiction and disordered eating throughout my college years. Now I am one year sober. I've worked super hard on my recovery and mental health and I'm a totally different person than I was a few years ago. I have a job as a social worker that I love amazing friends and a good life. I'm very involved in recovery: I have a sponsor I'm always in the steps I sponsor others go to meetings pray am of service etc. ..Recently I've been struggling with an urge to starve myself or binge &amp; purge and a few days something snapped. My roommate is out of town for the week so I have the house to myself I've been feeling sad about things not working out with someone I was seeing and getting pretty attached to and I just decided that I couldn't avoid the temptation anymore. Now for a few days I've been in a binge/purge cycle and it's like a switch has been flipped suddenly I am completely back in that mindset again. I'm still sober but I feel confused and ashamed about how quickly and severely I could lapse back into this. I don't know. I know this isn't directly related to alcoholism or AA but I've worked so hard to get well emotionally and spiritually and this feels like a lapse. I don't know if I should tell my sponsor seek outside help etc.  I feel like a liar sponsoring people and pretending to be well while I am engaging in this obsessive and compulsive behavior. Advise or support welcomed. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 23 and I've struggled with an almost identical situation. Honestly I would let your sponser know what the issue is and see what she says and would definitely seek outside help. I started working with a therapist and it absolutely helped me. We didn't even necessarily discuss my eating disorder. I know it's a difficult position to be in but you should be super proud of yourself for not going back to using. Do what you can to seek help and don't let this guilt or fear affect your sobriety. Best of luck and sending good vibes your way girl  
I am 33 and have a very similar story. I struggled first with an eating disorder then my alcoholism. But after I got sober my eating disorder popped up again and it got bad. It would go up and down and there were periods of time I didn't binge and purge at all. At first I didn't tell my sponsor and felt guilty. Most recently it came up again. I decided to tell my sponsor and fianc . It's been so helpful talking to those I love. I have an eating plan now and people to help keep me accountable. I am going to start going to ED meetings as well (they are just harder to find). If I can give any recommendation it is to tell your sponsor and find at least one close friend to talk to it really helps. I was even honest with my sponsees and said sometimes in sobriety other addictions pop up. I am actively working the steps on it now and just did a 4th step on my resentments and fears. I wish you the best! It's hard but I know recovery is possible   
Please consider checking out overeaters Anonymous. I would talk to your AA sponsor about what you're experiencing but if she hasn't been through it she won't be able to relate. I have a friend who is sober in AA and is also involved in OA. It has been incredibly helpful for her. If you pm me I may be able to get you her contact info. Probably not in the same area but it would still be someone to talk to.
