-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a91fxz/helpsos/

I am struggling with my relapse... I went to rehab when I was 14 for alcohol. I spent the first three weeks of my freshman year of high school there. I was sober up until about 2 years ago when I moved in with my "best friend." She has been a serious alcoholic since college and because of the stress of living and worried about her I drank. It got really bad around this time last year to the point where I was ashamed of how much I was drinking (liters of wine a night or more). It has become progressively worse. Some background; my dad died from liver cancer due to alcohol and drugs when I was six. He was abusive to my mother when he was drunk. My mom is an alcoholic as well as my step-dad who she remarried to when I was 5. I want to quit but I recently moved in with my mom and step-dad to save money for a house. I am almost 27 and I find myself hating myself for the amount I'm drinking. Ive tried drinking sparkling water at night but the home im living in there are so many triggers of abusive memories that alcohol is my escape. I struggle going to public events without a few drinks in me or something in my water bottle. My anxiety kills me and when I drink it seems to go away. I REALLY want to get better but I'm so scared of facing the trauma that i know I'm pushing away with the alcohol. I go to counseling every two weeks but I'm so afraid... does anyone have any advice for someone seeking help? I cant go to a rehab facility because I am a school teacher and can't take the time off work. I do plan on ordering the 12 steps book after Christmas. .Sincerely .Someone who wants help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Find a meeting to go to and go. You will be welcome with open arms. 
Do you have the resources to start seeing an addiction counselor or a therapist who can help you with some coping strategies?  Also look up AA meetings and you can search for ones in your area. If there aren't any there are online meetings at  In the Rooms . Don't let your circumstances dictate what you do. You can change your situation!  I wish you much luck and IWNDWYT 
No need wait until after Christmas. Best to you..https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/read-the-big-book-and-twelve-steps-and-twelve-traditions 
90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and working the steps is the recipe for success. 
AA and counseling saved my life. My poor counselor put up with me for over a year while i was still drinking and I know it must have been heartbreaking for her but she stuck with me and thank god. I can relate to a whole lot of your story. My anxiety was insane that last couple of years.I could barely function and a drink gave me instant relief.  But it turns out that the alcohol and the extremely unhealthy relationship I was in (but mostly the alcohol) was what was causing all the anxiety. It's all but disappeared since I quit. I did 120 meetings in 60 days and it gave me a great start. I didn't have a lot else to do anyway since I wasn't so busy drinking planning on drinking and trying to recover from my binges. Meetings were and still are an escape from all the insanity in my life. Working the steps with a sponsor brought me peace and I'm pretty much a functioning member of society now. A year ago I was praying for death. I'm sorry you're not well now but it can get better with a few simple actions on your part. We're all rooting for you!!
 Why don't you choose your own conception of God? 
