-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/a9qdoy/grateful_for_another_sober_holiday/

The holidays are always a little bitter sweet for me. While I love seeing the children get excited and it's nice to have some down time with my wife it's also a time when I'm reminded of all the people I've lost over the years. Some through natural causes others from this disease. ..This year was made more difficult through watching my son struggle with his personal life. While I don't think he's using or drinking alcoholicly yet he has all the character defects and I'm certain it's just a matter of time. He's making a complete mess of his life and I'm helpless to stop it - I have to just watch and pray. It's the hardest thing I've ever had to endure...But I'm still thankful I'm sober. This June - god willing - will be 4 continuous years of sobriety for me. The longest I've been sober since I started using and drinking at 14 (I'm 54 now). ..Thank god for this program and thanks to anyone reading this - I just needed to vent a little and express my gratitude for the blessings I've received. Hope whoever is reading this feels blessed to. Love you all
----------immediate responses--------

Happy holiday man you're doing great. Best way you can help your son is to be an example for him and love him no matte what. Wish you and your family good luck
I feel for you. My kid is in jail right now. It makes it all the more necessary for me to take life one day at a time. 
Hi there  i'm going through some shit with my Son  Used to be  a quiet lad  watched Tv with us always in his room polite never went out only to the corner shop no further   Since turning 18 he's gone over the top  these day's they get there drink i'm not stopping him there at all  but he's  gone on this Weed (Cannabis) He Came home two nights in a row Out  of it  iv'e seen people drunk  but not like he was i'm sure it's something else apart from weed or drink  he was Frozen sort of thing couldn't move or speak   I'm ex Merchant Navy so iv'e been round the corner so to speak  But never seen anyone like my son was them night's  This is were the AA  Program Come's in  I know i got to let go i know i'm powerless But for any parent Just thinking in this Day &amp; Age  Knife Crime Drug's  Ect  My Head wander's on the very worst what could happen  as you see it on the New's  The poor Police they have a Job on there hand's now Bless Them   So Sorry for the  Rant iv'e just got a meeting in today  I'm just one Nervous Ex Drunk 31 year's Sober but Please don't be put off it Does get Better  Thank you  Seasons Greeting's .
Children are one of the hardest challenges for the serenity prayer.  I've taken both of mine to various 12 Step meetings over the years but neither is currently engaged in a recovery program.  My son who had a rough go seems to be on the straight and narrow path currently.  My daughter who was the "perfect" one stills struggles mightily with at least one and probably several OCD's.  I have learned that the best I can do for them is to be an example of a decent sober adult and be available to help if needed.  When they make progress addressing their own demons it is truly gratifying.
You are a brave man getting through life in sobriety. Keep leading the life that works for you and be the light for your son. I really admired the stability my step dad held for himself and his unconditional support for me. His quiet light was hard to miss. Even when I wasn't doing good in aspects of my life he supported me through them by relating with me. You are doing a great job! Im not a parent but I can imagine the strength needed to raise a child and I know it isnt easy. Congrats on almost 4 years too :) Happy holidays my brother in sobriety. 
