-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aa5cwc/mom_is_5_years_sober_today/

I will be honest at one point or another i could not see this as possible. She wasn't a bad drunk she always took care of us. She never beat us she never hurt us and she raised us well. She was always very sad she was exiled from our religion shortly after i was born for having me out of wedlock and continued to have one shitty relationship after the other. She was depressed and would drink at home everyday for weeks. It was around 11/12 that i realized she had a problem. Her recent divorce and My brother going to juvie at 13 made everything worse. Suddenly she couldn't get out of her rut. I started dreading hearing a can open. I would flinch at the sound and would feel a sudden pain in my heart when she would pull into the liquor after picking us up. We ended up homeless for about 6 months sleeping out of our car and eventually a storage container in an mechanics car lot. It was arguably the hardest time of my life. I was about 16 at the time and i vividly remembered thinking  fuck i wish i could just take the kids (4 &amp; 12) and start a new life.  It wasn't long after until i snapped at her i told her she was only going to kill herself and no one else would look after us. She started trying to stop at that with little progress. We got an apartment i dropped out of school to help out with the bills and ended up homeless again a few months later and going to court for the eviction. This time was harder. We lived out of a van in my grandmothers driveway. I lost motivation. I almost quit my job a few times. It was here my grandmothers neighbor noticed her and us and reached out. She started AA in October of 2014 and relapsed early that December. On the 27th of that month she vowed to continue and persevere she did. It has not being easy going through the steps specifically the making amends part was very hard. She goes to the gym 3/4 times a week now and read every morning. She has lost about 80 lbs and her self esteem is way higher. If anyone here is contemplating giving up just know that i pray for you nightly. May you all be blessed on your journey - one day at a time. Thanks for giving this a read friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am so glad for you and for your mom!
Sweet of you. Very happy for your mom &amp; your family.
Thanks for posting this. It really helps people to know that it can work out for people and how happy their family will be. Really pleased for you your Mom and all of your family. 
What a wonderful testimony to this program. Thank you for sharing. Is there an al-anon sub-Reddit. You should post it there as well. ..Love to your Mum as well. 
Powerful story. Thank you so much for sharing. It truly is a family disease. ..I got sober when my kids were young.  Hearing your experience is a good reminder of what can happen if I go back out. I have everything to lose and nothing to gain. 
Wow. What a powerful story thank you for sharing   
Blessings to you your mom and your family. Your story is very encouraging. 
I still pray for my mom. She's very lucky so few of us get to get this thing. 
This was nice to read. I'm happy for you and your mom.
