-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aa5ll4/finally_decided_to_quit_drinking_but_i_need_some/

I'm somewhere around 2 1/2 months sober from alcohol. I've been struggling with severe depression for the last 12 month following a break up. The drinking kept getting worse and long story short my roomate found me throwing up on my myself after drinking to much and something clicked. I realized that I can't drink. Not even one. It makes me far more depressed and I can't stop after I start. Also I'm on antidepressants and i know they don't work well with alcohol. That being said I'm about 2 1/2 months sober. I haven't been craving alcohol but I feel so uncomfortable going to bed sober that I can't sleep. I literally can't sleep over Christmas at my parents I scrolled through reddit until i heard someone getting out of bed at 6:30 am. I picked up some weed from a close friend that I had in high school and I was smoking most nights before bed. Fast forward to now I haven't smoked in the last three weeks because I desperately need a job. These last few weeks I have been feeling absolutely miserable and I can't find joy in any of the things that I liked to do in the past. I'm constantly uncomfortable and anxious. I guess I just need advice on where to go from here. Weed has never caused me problems in life and I feel content after a couple of hits. Am I cheating sobriety? Judging by other people's experiences is it possible to smoke pot and stay away from alcohol? At this point I plan on smoking again after my drug test. I just need someone else's input on my situation.
----------immediate responses--------

Many of us have strong potential for cross addiction issues with other psychoactives and define sobriety as not doing any intoxicants. However you are the one who defines if sobriety for you is abstinence from alcohol or abstinence from more. The most I can suggest is to be honest with yourself and careful.
I didn't catch your age...also are you in the program or white knuckling it?
Good for you for taking the initiative to stop drinking after realizing that it was causing you problems. That's not easy and it's huge. I'm sorry you've been struggling with depression. Breakups are hard. Being out of work is hard too. ..By definition if you're smoking weed you're not sober and you shouldn't tell others that you are. But that doesn't mean you need to throw up your hands and just start back with drinking. Sometimes it's all you can do to not drink. And that's enough. Progress not perfection. ..I've found that my pot use came from the same place   a spiritual void   that my alcoholism did. I felt like I couldn't accept life on life's terms and needed to medicate myself in order to get through things. Learning that I didn't need to has been one of the great gifts of sobriety. But it's been a journey and not always a smooth one. I wouldn't judge anyone who picked up pot in the process of getting sober. ..The important thing is being honest with ourselves. Coming here and sharing your thoughts and experience is the way to do it. Good luck.
I switched to pot for 11 months straight and I thought I had it all figured out.  Then somehow I ended up being a black out drunk again.   It wasn't until I gave everything up that I really learned what sobriety was.  
