-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/absvmi/new/

Hello.  ..I have been experiencing severe depression and anxiety the last few months. I have always struggled with this but over the years it has had its ups and downs. Alcohol seems to make it worse. I know the relationship that I have with alcohol is unhealthy. I use it as an escape and have since I began drinking at 15. I have a DWI from when I was 20 and recently drove drunk again and I am scared. I have no brakes once I start drinking it seems I go until I black out. Many days I feel an inner struggle after work about whether or not to pick up alcohol on the way home. I don't like myself and I have turned to alcohol to make me someone else for years but now I am afraid of what could happen. ..I also feel as though if I continue to drink I will sink deeper into this depression. I have hid my problem for so long and I do not want to to that anymore. ..My husband worked the program and has been sober for 4 years.  He says that I do not take care of myself and honor myself. Today I am going to go to my first meeting after work. It's an all women's meeting. I am terrified of the self discovery. ..Any advice or knowledge of what to expect from today's meeting?
----------immediate responses--------

I can certainly identify with how you describe your situation. Happy to hear you will be going to your first meeting today and women's meetings are great! What can you expect? The first people you say hi to tell them you're brand-new that this is your first meeting. They will embrace you and make you feel comfortable. Take a deep breath and just listen to help people share. Do you have a big book? You will be fine. No expectations for your first meeting at all or for any meeting for that matter!
I had terrible depression and anxiety until I got a  sponsor and worked the steps.  Things are much better now.  
Best of Luck!.I like to remind myself that we are all there for the same reason so I dont feel embarrassed. 
My advice for a new meeting is to go in with a completely open mind. Some people are put off my the higher power aspect. I was at first but had to set that aside. Introduce yourself to people tell them you're new and besides that you have no obligation to speak if you don't want to. You can simply say  I just feel like listening today . Also don't compare yourself to anyone else. Everyone's rock bottom is different. When I first came into the rooms I wondered if I belonged because my life didn't seem nearly as bad as half the people there. The important thing for me was to understand it would get that bad if I kept continuing on the path I was on. Grab some pamphlets and literature while you're there too. Have fun! This could be the start of the best thing you'll ever do for yourself.
Keep those expectations super low on yourself and the group. Your life likely may depend on making this choice today. Drunks typically have a devil on one shoulder criticizing what will take away the drink.  I can be critical and it can get my depression spinning.  We are not broken people our ancestor's call is strong they did things for thousands of years that we don't need to do anymore. But my body is still compelled and unfulfilled and lead to believe it is broken.  Buckle down and get through these first awkward days by realizing you are in the midst of some of the most cherished memories and stories you might have that will help someone someday.  You are not at fault here get some distance stay quiet and try to dwell in gratitude more today than yesterday.  In a year or some day you can make all of those changes right now dismiss criticism and stay humble and grateful one day sometimes one breath at a time. Don't give any of those up.  Look forward to a day when you have enough sobriety and stability you can start sharing the solution with the millions of people simultaneously in your place right now. Let us know how it goes. 
I will just say in my experience that when I stopped drinking my anxiety and depression went away. It was only when I was finally honest with my doctor about my drinking that he told me heavy drinking plays a major role in the development of anxiety &amp; depression. After about two months I was weened off my anxiety medication and have experienced no symptoms...Like I said this is only my experience but I thought everything else caused my anxiety and drinking helped it but it wasn't the case. ..Best of luck to you!
It made my day reading this. Thanks for posting.  ...We all felt like you do at one point. I can tell you that my experience showed me that my anxiety and depression only got worse and the drinking got harder as the years passed. The drinking worked with the anxiety and depression for a while then it didn't work and then at this point folks around AA call "pitiful and incomprehensible demoralization" drinking actually made it worse. At that point I knew I couldn't drink and I couldn't not drink. It was horrible...  .I DID NOT want to go to AA and in fact "knew" it didn't work because I'd gone to a couple meetings years ago but I had nowhere else to turn. I was terrified during that first meeting and remaining terrified of speaking at meetings for about the first year but I kept going back.  ...I've been sober for over 4 years now and most of the time I feel happy joyous and free. I still have my ups and downs but I'm no longer suicidal and can deal with it all much better. I have two young boys a wonderful wife and 6-figure job. 100% thanks to AA. You can too. I love you &amp; good luck!
Sounds to me like you're medicating yourself with alcohol like I did. The ups and downs could uncover a bipolar issue. I was in the same boat was treated with mood stabilizers and I'm happily sober now. I'd recommend seeing a psychologist and from there be referred to a psychiatrist so they can get you on a prescription regimen. Just my thought hope that helps.
Thank you for posting this! I remember being where you are...Here was my experience. At first people are very open and want to give you advice epecially if you are open and honest. (Like your post) It will take a while to get to know people. Some people have their heart in the right place but although eager aren't ready to help someone else. Go to various meetings. Stick around people that have what you want. It might be the people that intimidate you the most at first. ..Your husband sounds a lot like my boyfriend. Reading that brought back painful emotions. Until AA I did not know how to value myself. It's not something a significant other can give us as much as they want to. That's not a healthy relationship. Because of the women I met in AA that taught me self love by example I'm able to truly know and give love. My relationship with my boyfriend has changed tremendously. It feels like a partnership as it should instead of a weird parent-child like senario. ..It's just one meeting. You don't even have to say anything if you don't want to but getting out of your comfort zone is what's required for growth.  ..
Hardest part is going to your first meeting. You recognize you have a problem that is half the battle. You've got this and you won't regret it!
Read or listen to the book This Naked Mind changed how I view drinking more than AA ever did!
For the first few months I was amazed at how often people in AA meetings talked about things that happened to me or said things that I had been thinking. I'm a little over 9 months now and it's the best thing I've ever done...I was told to go to 90 meetings in 90 days and it really made a difference. It's OK to listen if that's what you want but it's also OK to talk. For most people in AA the most important people in the room are the new people. Don't ever think that what you want to say isn't worth it...Good luck. I'm proud of you.
Hi! I went in because alcohol was indeed not helping my depression and anxiety but stagnating my recovery. Im 26 got in last May...Dont make up your mind after one meeting. I got lucky that i could relate SO MUCH with one person who shared at the end of the meeting and she was my age! Maybe my life wasn't over? ..Keep going back post in this sub if you have doubts about a meeting be proud of yourself for taking the first step
Welcome and hello..No meeting is the same but as long as you go in with an open heart and open ears you'll truly enjoy AA and start learning you aren't alone in how you feel or in why you drink...I too have depression and anxiety for which I drank to drown my sorrows which just made things worse. I also have many experiences with dwis...Don't go with any expectations just go with an open mind and be honest when you share. It may take some time to get comfortable to share but keep going and truly listen. I always get something out of everyone's stories and have met some of the best people in AA that have become friends...Wishing you the best of luck and if you want to stop drinking and learn about yourself AA is there.
I would strongly urge you to treat your alcohol dependence and depression as separate coocurring illnesses.  ..It is true that the two feed off each other however they each require unique tools.  For the chemical dependence AA is a great and most likely necessary part of any toolkit.  Supplement going to meetings and working the steps with a sponsor with self care to treat the depression.  ..I was very depressed after I got sober with the help of AA and regret waiting so long to start treating my other mental maladies in particular anxiety and depression.  I needed several ways to treat them including medication therapy knowledge of coping skills (reading books by Viktor Frankl etc.) exercise light therapy healthy food etc...Please take care of yourself and remember pain is temporary if you're taking action towards a solution...Peace
" I am terrified of the self-discovery". Great news! You'll be in a room full of women who were also terrified at one time and found a program for living that  works. Also some will be there  who are as terrified as you are and will be able to share that burden with you to make it lighter.  They will know how you feel and be able to relate and offer suggestions or listen or whatever it is you need. You are already helping them by just being there and being a presence. They won't know though if you don't tell them. In my experience the best way to do something scared is to just go ahead and do it scared anyway.  Even if the only words you manage to get out are.  " hello I'm ..... I've never been here before...My first meeting the only words I got out were "I'm scared of being sober and don't know what to do.".   I promise   will get better.  Just go sit down and have a listen. Say your name.  That's all you have to do and that's enough courage for the day.  Be very proud of yourself and if you like what you hear then keep coming back. Good luck to you.
You sound EXACTLY like me. Exactly. I was terrified at my first meeting but gratefully everyone there made me feel welcome and safe. I found a sponsor at my first meeting which I realize is not everyone's experience but for me it was necessary. When I do things I'm either all in or all out so I knew I had to dive into AA right away. My advice would be to keep an open mind tonight and if you don't like the meeting you go to tonight then go to another one tomorrow. Eventually you'll find one where you feel safe and understood. Best of luck!
