-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/acmsvd/my_sponsor_not_responding/

I texted her two days ago that I relapsed the night prior. She was helpful and supportive but now she's not answered my texts for the past 2 days. I'm not good with this sponsor business anyway bc I didn't really connect with her. She was not warm and I really didn't want to talk to her. She seemed judgmental. Anyway should I wait a few days? I'm going to a meeting that she always goes to this Monday. I think regardless Id like a nicer sponsor. Or perhaps no sponsor until I connect with someone? Is it ok to attend meetings and not choose a sponsor until I feel comfy with someone? I'm at a loss Thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been going to meetings since around Thanksgiving and don't have a sponsor. I've got a few folks there that I talk to and am planning to find a sponsor now that the holidays are over but no one really seems to care how I approach this. I have sort of liked that about it! I would imagine your group would be the same. The only requirement for membership is the desire not to drink right?
My sponsor doesn't respond to texts. Have you tried calling? What length are you willing to go for to learn some sobriety tools from others?
Ask someone to be your temporary sponsor. Move on.  No drama. Your Main OBJECTIVE Should Be what? Stay sober and work the steps. 
You don't need a nice sponsor. You need an honest sponsor one you can trust. Someone to call you on your bullshit when you need to hear it but don't want to. Someone who cares about you enough to at the very least call you back within 24 hours. If you don't feel like your sponsor is helping you get a new one. I would highly recommend you as a newcomer to get a sponsor. ..Is it okay for you to go to meetings and not have a sponsor? Sure. No one is going to force you into anything. But when you ask "Why do I keep relapsing" and you aren't following suggestions you have your answer. The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking so i suggest you go to a meeting a day until you find a temp sponsor. Tell this temp sponsor you need someone to keep you accountable until you get a full time sponsor. But again take it as that. You'll do what you want.
Build a network get numbers attend meetings and get a service position. Find and choose a home group. I didn't get along with or connect with my first sponsor but it didn't matter because I was desperate enough. All a sponsor is is someone who has working knowledge of the 12 steps and is willing to guide you through the steps. Typically it is someone with one or more years of sobriety and of the same sex but I have seen exceptions. 
Move on. You are not married to your sponsor and there are plenty of other people out there that are willing and ready to help you.
It's not her. 
"no human power could relieve our alcoholism".. .No where in the big book does it tell us to get a sponsor to stay sober it actually says the opposite. That we should find people to help not people who can help us.  .  .Program is in the book Joe and Charlie big book study will explain it better than anyone in the fellowship. Do exactly what the big book says and you will stay sober which is why you came to AA in the first place right?  .Welcome back. .
Update: My AA bestie has just agreed to be my sponsor! Her and I have connected from day 1 but she didn't feel ready to be a sponsor until I just asked. Thanks for all your support 
get a new sponsor. if your sponsor doesnt call you or pick up. terrible spons.
