-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/adlu5d/first_post/

It's been 18 days since I walked into my first meeting.  6 days since my last white chip. I found a sponsor two white chips ago.  This is the hardest thing I've ever done...I'm brand spanking new to this program and so many things baffle me...Today my struggle was that I felt GREAT without a drink but my body kept urging me to give in and get one.  I don't fully understand why my head says one thing and my body says another...I feel better without a drink so why do I give in?
----------immediate responses--------

It's called alcoholism. 
Alcohol says the big book is  cunning baffling and powerful.  There are lots of examples in the book of people doing great in sobriety feeling really nice and then out of nowhere deciding that for instance t putting whiskey in their milk is a good idea. As alcoholics we want to drink when we feel good and we want to drink when we feel lousy until we find real recovery. It's the nature of our disease which is  bio-psycho-social. .In biological terms addiction is rooted in the reward system of your brain (dopamine release) which is nestled deep in the  rain close to the  fight or flight  response. Once activated it's a powerful biological mechanism divorced of higher cognitive function which is in your frontal lobe. Dealing with those impulses is one of the hardest things we as alcoholics live with. But it can be done! You just need to retrain your brain which takes time. (More on how addiction hijacks the brain [here](https://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter_article/how-addiction-hijacks-the-brain) .).As long as you avoid that first drink things will get better and easier in time. Until then lean into your program go to meetings meet regularly with your sponsor and work the steps. Eventually those physical cravings will pass and when they do arise you'll have the tools you'll need to deal with them. .Hang in there and keep coming back!
Well I think you've hit the nail on the head as far as why most or all of the people in AA have ended up there! :). We all at some point have wanted to do NOT drink yet still drank anyway. I spent a good amount of last year trying to figure it out on my own by myself with mild to mediocre results (but they always ended up in me finally giving in to the urges again). AA is helping me and I feel a strength that I didn't have alone but it's taken me a couple of months hanging around AA to finally be able to start really diving into it...The vast majority of people need community help like what is found in AA it's a very rare person that can beat it on their own (I only personally know one that did it without AA and he still had some community around him)...In the AA big book it talks about alcohol being cunning baffling and powerful which you've probably heard. My experience with it bears that out for sure!..Don't give up! Keep coming back - it probably sounds like a tired cliche or sad platitude that I'm just throwing out but I don't think you're the first person who has had to get multiple white chips and has really struggled. It sounds like if you're still coming around AA you're in the right place :). It took me a couple of years to even break down enough to visit my first meeting...I'm with you though there were so many times when I drank and didn't even know why I had the urge. It's a really powerful enemy for sure. AA is a safe place where you're not alone though! I hope you have access to a good meeting (I've heard there can be toxic ones I haven't experienced that yet though). Keep trying and don't give up :)!
This is the strangest disease. You do the opposite of what your brain thinks is the right next thing  and you get better. One alcoholic can help another because they've been there. Try Alcoholics Anonymous  ask someone to be your sponsor and start working the steps...You can find a meeting by typing your city and aa meetings and intergroup. Poke around and look for a meeting. If you don't like the feel of the meeting you chose try another. ..Everyone there has felt similar to what you are feeling and is willing to show you the way out. 
It's sort of funny that this thing we have drives us to our destruction without requiring our agreement or displeasure. If we have a sufficient solution in place we get to live normal lives and if not it goes the way it usually goes for those without...It's a little bigger than we'd like it to be.
"Phenomenon of craving."
