-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ae151m/aa_is_harmful_period/

 ..&gt;AA begins and ends with shame and condemnation. We are told that this organization is the premiere way for people suffering from substance addiction to receive help. Nothing is further from the truth. While some recent articles have finally questioned the actual results of the organization I want to go one step farther by acknowledging how far from being a benign failure AA is actually dangerous and harmful to overwhelming majority of addicts and non-addicts alike. This is because AA has almost singularly defined what it means to be a substance user. In short AA invented the Addict. And they still control the very definition of that dirty word.  .The articles that have come out recently that are critical of AA have mainly focused on the ineffective success rate of the AA program. Most authors site - at most - a 5% to 7% success rate for AA participants. This number is shockingly low and researchers from our best institutions have noted that the "AA success rate" is actually far lower than the rate of those people who just decide to quit on their own - so-called spontaneous remission.  .Well you may ask what about the people who do claim that AA has saved their lives isn't the program helping them stay sober? And almost every author who is critical of AA's abysmal success rate eventually cedes the point that AA does in fact help "some" people? They do? They help "some" people? Really? Who are these lucky ones?  .While it is true that some people usually the proverbial old-timers seem to stay sober (mostly) from AA they do not do so in spite of all the other people failed by the program. Rather they stay sober by exploiting and demonizing the very people whom they and the program have failed.   .After attending countless AA meetings I believe that old-timers even those who diligently work their programs actually survive by wielding power over and exploiting other substance abusers controlling new members and ultimately by demonizing those people who choose use drugs and alcohol - usually by turning other users into scapegoats and pariahs. Their rigid definition of the drug user - The Addict - serves not to help the user but rather to create a boogieman or enemy out there. And this is how the old tiers stay sober: they construct an external enemy and they try to stay sober by rallying one day at a time against that enemy. Their boogieman - The Addict - assumes a contradictory tripartite identity: one part blameless victim one part perpetually diseased person and one part morally flawed condemned soul.  .But users and people with substance issues are not boogie-men they are not our enemies Rather they are our loved ones people in our families our neighbors our coworkers our friends and sometime our selves.    .Am I overreacting? No. Most people who have attended more than a couple of meetings and then decided at AA wasn't for them are left with a couple of inescapable observations.  The first is how AA always tends to facilitate an "us versus them" mentality in their members.   .People who believe in AA especially those pesky old-timers believe that they have found the one and only route to true sobriety and salvation - irrespective of any actual medical or psychological research. No other methods of recovery or harm reduction are ever acknowledged as valid within the program or at a meeting. Far from it those brave enough to mention alternatives are quickly given the cold shoulder by more established members. The message is always the same: without AA your disease will progress and you will die. Even those folks who achieve abstinence apart from AA are still derided as "dry drunks" and as being in "denial" and simply bidding their time till relapse.  .And why do adherents to the program cultivate such as an "us versus them" you're in or you're out with us or against us you're among the chosen people or you're among the condemned people kind of attitude? One reason: Control. Most of these old-timers achieve sobriety and the appearance of control in other areas of their life mainly by exerting interpersonal control over others - usually the most vulnerable and/or newcomers to their AA meeting.   .But you may ask isn't their need for control - to give unchallenged directions - benign or even beneficial if it helps other addicts stay sober? After all aren't these sorry people just in need of some Good Orderly Direction (another one of their crazy acronyms for god)? But the fact is that power and control are never just neutral never simply benign. And covering up the need for power and control with talk of spirituality and a higher power makes it only more dangerous - especially for the vulnerable newcomer.  .AA seeks to control its members in numerous ways. You're forced to "share" to the group revealing your inmost conflicts and foibles for others to judge. This is one of the first steps of many into lifelong shame and condemnation.  .You are told to get a sponsor. This sponsor chimes in on almost every aspect of your life even those areas that have seemingly nothing to do with your substance use. Sponsors receive no special training or qualifications and are usually ill-equipped to advise people on their most pressing problems. These relationships always involve the sponsor exerting their power over the newcomer in countless ways.  .Newcomers are told how many meeting they need to attend (often 90 meetings in 90 days) what book to read (always read the Big Book) and how to think (think like the Home Group). However the advice of the sponsor almost never stops there. Newcomers are advised on who to associate with and who not to associate with. They are frequently given career advice and are given directions on how to deal with spouses families and loved ones. Unsurprisingly much of this advice is hogwash! And frequently the demands of a sponsor lead to frayed social relationships with non-AA members and isolation outside of the AA organization.   .There has not yet been a formal study as to how many people get divorced as a result of following the directions of their AA group or sponsor but the anecdotal evidence suggests a staggeringly large number. Newcomers are often encouraged to drop their relationships with non-AA members and are encouraged to only have romantic connections with those in the program.  .But the need of AAers to perpetuate their beliefs harms far more than just the unwitting newcomer. AA has ingrained in our collective consciousness the very idea of what it means to be a substance user: The Addict - and this is where their harm is most insidious and pervasive. Without any medical backup they contend that someone with a substance problem is once and forever an addict. This idea is found in the very preface of their organization's holy text the Big Book under the disingenuous title "The Doctor's Opinion."    .The problem with this idea is that it leads people into accepting the idea that they are terminally ill or at least terminally deficient and powerless - but this simply is not usually the case. The truth is that for most people substance abuse is not a lifelong condition that needs to be managed with constant meetings and sponsorship. Their rigid disease model actually serves to keep people away from other helpful alternatives such as behavioral therapy membership in positive social groups or harm reduction.   .They also perpetuate the idea that the addict is a person of uniquely flawed character - one of the condemned who needs AA's saving. At its face this is contradictory: is the addict somebody who has a disease or is the addict somebody who has deeply-seated character flaws? And it is this contradiction is at the heart of AA's religiosity and thinly-veiled religious ideology.   .AA has its roots in the Oxford Group a radical christian cult from the early twentieth century. In fact the 12 Steps themselves are almost directly taken from the Oxford Group's cult methodology. Central to the Oxford Group's ideology is the old-line protestant idea of Total Depravity - the idea that all human beings are inexorably into sin brokenness moral failure and rebellion. This radical and detrimental belief is the underpinning of virtually all AA thought: e.g. the addict is hopeless and powerless and needs the intervention of a higher power to get right.    .The doctrine of Total Depravity is much more than just a dusty old theological formulation. It has real consequences for those belonging to a group operating on such a notions - and what a shame it is! I believe that telling people over and over again that they are powerless and morally flawed only leads to greater and greater problems and dysfunctions with one's self-image and ultimately one's behavior in the world.  .So let me conclude with my original point: AA is not a harmless organization. It's an organization run by power-seeking individuals who often mess up the lives of those whom they purport to help. Their most harmful invention is the identity of the modern addict - a caste or class of person they claim to be inexorably diseased as well as morally flawed. And this classification of the addict is not just limited to AA meetings and their written propaganda. That would be bad enough! Rather their model of the addict has been perpetuated for almost a hundred years by television media the courts the prison industry religious authorities celebrities and by a multi-billion dollar recovery industry. In fact over 95% of private recovery programs are still based on the 12 Steps and their assumptions about the drug user - virtually without any empirical evidence of its effectiveness.  .The damage is not limited to the people who weave in and out of their meeting rooms - that would be bad enough. The deepest harm from AA stems from their need to demonize and scapegoat the substance user - to cast the unrepentant user as inevitably among the condemned!  But we are not condemned. Their organization only thrives so long as they are able to label non-adherents as depraved addicts who are at best in "denial" or "dry-drunks."  So long as AA propaganda dominates are collective conscious we are doing all doing a disservice for people who struggle with substance issues.   .AA can only thrive so long as they cast the unrepentant user as outsider condemned to a long and painful road death. But that is not the truth. Drug users are not all suffering from "character flaws." Drug use does not make you condemned for life and most users do learn to quit or moderate without AA and then go on to live happy normal lifespans. We need to cut through the fear and labeling that AA and the 12-Step industry thrives on. What we need is a new model for understanding the substance user not as somebody who is inherently flawed and diseased not as somebody who is morally disordered but as someone who could benefit from harm reduction psychological therapy and real medical treatment - as full human beings!  .
----------immediate responses--------

Not been my experience at all. 
Yes! Thank you! I am a recovering alcoholic and I follow all the alcoholism related subreddits I can find because I find hearing different perspectives to be valuable to my recovery hence why I am here. ..But this perfectly captures my discomfort with AA and why I have found it was not a good option for me. Now for those people it does help I'm genuinely glad that they have found something that brings them comfort. ..But it troubles me how it is the go-to resource for alcoholism when many people feel they do not belong their. When I was struggling in early sobriety medical professionals just told me to go to AA. There wasn't much follow up beyond that. ..I tried it and it wasn't for me but I definitely do not consider myself a  dry alcoholic  or lacking spiritual happiness. My life is full in ways I couldn't imagine 6 months ago. ..I did not like being pressured into the whole higher power thing being told who I could and couldn't hang out with and being told I needed to mindlessly follow the Big Book. ..I fully support finding new models to create community and support for alcoholics that reflect that AA isn't right for everyone. 
Woah. That's a lot of resentment there my friend. I am a huge advocate of attraction rather than promotion. So I don't get into the "AA is the devil" conversations. .But to correct your statistics it's actually 5% of all alcoholics survive. Period. That has nothing to do with any particular program or treatment. So attributing that to AA actually makes the program sound really great. (I don't think that's what you were going for there though.).If it didn't work for you go find something that does. One size does not fit all. And although you may know a lot of people with an experience similar to yours there are also a lot of people who have been successful. Every club is different because the people are too. How they choose to carry out whatever is highly determined by the people there. Looks like you had an experience with a group that didn't go well..Additionally I guess shame and guilt never entered into it for me. But that has everything to do with the people I looked to for explanations and guidance. Like I said the people make a huge difference (and they are different wherever you go). Love and tolerance is our code right?.I hope you find something that works and a life that makes you happy!.
What you describe has not been my experience with AA at all. Have you actually been to meetings? What you say here is close to ridiculous. 
It's a bit scary to think that some experience with AA may have left you like this. Did someone completely disregard how you felt?..Did they lead you along pretending you were important and that they cared?
And when you point things out here come the resentment police! For most members A.A. Is the only thing they have in their life. Let  em cult up and have it. At least it keeps those loonies off the streets.
Had to just skim thru that wall of text. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion and I can only speak from personal experience but I have never experienced the Alcoholics Anonymous you have described. AA is the only thing that worked for me and I tried everything else to get sober so for that reason alone I'm going to keep coming back. I don't really understand the point you are trying to make here unless you are just wanting to argue opinions on the internet. You don't have to like the program or believe it works if you don't want to to each their own. 
Lmao.  .  .Yet here you are in AA. . .I stopped reading after a paragraph. .  .AA has helped millions of alcoholics. On top of that every other addiction out there borrows the program of AA to get over their addiction. .  .So literally tens of millions of people have been helped by AA including myself. AA literally saved my life...... But ya you probably know more than tens of millions of people.  . .Good luck with all that you're gonna need it
Why would you post this?.To bait all the AA's that follow this sub?..If you don't like AA don't go to AA.
Millions of people are wrong and you're right and your point of view it correct. "Period". Can you see how delusional that is? 
I find the program works that is the big book has lots of benefits and so do the steps.  But I have had more than a couple not great sponsors who do indeed forget our humaness. And that some things are better dealt with in therapy.  That you don't always have a 'part' in bad situations.  For example there are a LOT of toxic ppl in AA (yes I have seen both good and bad) but I can honestly say that when I have seen bad I mean they are pretty bad ppl - who make my skin crawl with the evil manipulative things they do especially to new comers. ie. 13th steppers. or over-controlling sponsors who literally think they know everything.  Some ppl even go as to think that just because you at one time were addicted to alcohol that you permanently have unhealthy or dishonest behaviours...which is so not true.  Ive seen sponsors power-trip or (try) to push me to do things I don't want to do.  Almost cult like to the point where they think is is the ONLY way the ONLY tool the ONLY way to spirituality.  Its not!  There are dozens if not hundreds and thousands of spiritual ways and practices.  AA is just one piece of my recovery it is a really good program especially for starters because lets be real step one is SO important. However it does not help with ALL things...ie. heavy trauma all medical health problems or how to protect yourself from legit evil or predatory ppl in AA.  Boundaries and doing a step 4 is not going to protect you from sexual predators in the meeting rooms for example.  Or people with severe mental health issues who go as far as stalking ppl or committing character defamation in the rooms (if you stay there long enough).  The program itself has good parts the meet rroms nd the ppl in it arent the healthiest.  I have met a lot of ill-willed ppl in the rooms and when I voiced my concern with ppl I thought would help me in the rooms not only was I invalidated emotionally but told to sweep it under the rug. Or to be cordial and just enable toxic behaviour to 'keep the peace'.   Ill be honest I have had more negetive experiences in AA than positive - however...I just take what does work and leave out all the rest.  I invest myself in other spiritual or health paths. And most of all I have learned to trust myself more and other ppl less.  Because I am smart and I always aim to be well and happy.  I am responsible for my safety sanity peace happiness wellness.  So if I interact with ppl too much at meetings then their sickness can interfere with me.  I just go to a meeting follow the steps listen to the messages (pull out whats valuable) and leave the meeting.  I no longer try to make too many friends in the rooms.  I have learned that ppl outside of AA are often way more safe sane positive healthy more independent thinkers.  They trust and listen to themselves.   You're only sick if you are in active addiction with the behaviour that go along with it.  But once you have some sobriety time and have done years or therapy genuine healing and the steps etc.  I dont see the need to keep pounding it in our minds that you are and forever will BEHAVE like an alcoholic.  I am alcoholic for sure allergic to alcohol and I can never touch it again.  But personally I dont think I am dry drunk at all.  I see a lot of dry drunks!  But those are the ones that didnt do the work honestly.  I have seen ppl with 5-10 years sober who claim they did the work...then continue to manipulate ppl lie not make amends and continue to be shitty people. Which baffles me because to me that shows they did not do the work honestly the first time.  Because if they did! They would have had a permanent change in character!  What are your thoughts on all this? 
I agree with a lot of your points but overall I think you are being too harsh. ..I do think it's a shame that this country is stuck on a 100 year old 12-step program. It ubiquitous. The billion dollar Rehab Inc. industry uses 12-step because it's free for them to do so and it's cheap to facilitate. Another issue I have is that there's no real statistics on 12-step programs. There cannot be... they are inherently anonymous. And by its very nature it's so well known and thought of as "the cure" that any criticism is met with "How dare you criticize AA!" a variation on "Won't SOMEONE think of the children!"... it's untouchable...The disease model that AA posits is laughable. What other disease is treated with hour long meetings reading loud from a book working with amateur sponsors and group prayer?..So I ingest an enormous grain of salt when I read that "AA has helped millions of people!" because there's no data on how many relapsed stayed sober killed themselves went on to another addiction... or any other data at all. It's anonymous and at best self-reported...I do think  AA has some benefits. It's free. It's everywhere. Socializing with other substance abusing people is cathartic. Many people cannot afford psychotherapy. And other types of sobriety programs are rare in many communities.
AA is awesome and saved my life.  Go read the orange papers.  Godbless I hope you get everything you want.  
My experience is that the program worked for me where other approaches failed...I've heard many others share their story about how working the program removed their obsession to drink...If you want what people who have worked the program have and are willing to work the program it is there for you. ..If you aren't interested that's ok too.
There are a lot of assertions here that seem to be just your personal opinion masquerading as some kinds of facts... If we're not to swallow all the "facts" that the AA apologists spit out at us then that's all well and good but there seem to be a lot of opinions here that aren't necessarily any more fact-based.  ...That being said I'm not an AA apologist. I've been hanging around it for a couple of months and have been actively participating for less time than that. I share what I perceive to be your basic skepticism - I'm not one to easily drink the proverbial Kool-aid of anything.  ...I think there are some very legitimate questions that you are at least touching on here however it seems that you have definitely set your mind against AA enough so as to not be able to have an objective view point... It's almost as if you've been burned by AA or church or authority structures in general somewhere? I get it I hate authority myself it's part of my general personality make up for better or worse.  ...One thing I definitely have NOT observed from the majority of long term members the "old-timers" is a desire to control the newcomers and institute some kind of culture of subjugation or dominance. That feels like a very fearful place for that perception to come out of? I'm sure that exists somewhere as it will in ANY kind of large organization that involves humans cause humans are all imperfect and well human-y.  ...I think that to make such an absolute black and white statement that AA is harmful is a bit well close-minded. It would be the same as making that kind of statement about other social organizations and groups like churches atheist clubs the local HOA (okay maybe those are bad LOL ;) ) the local high school FFA vegans Crossfit etc. To some extent all of those are allied around a common goal or principle(s) and are in and of themselves not necessarily toxic - it depends on the individual humans involved.  ...It could be said that the Klan Naziism ISIS other organizations like these are harmful period... but I don't think most organizations fall into the same category? Definitely not AA. It may have hurt some people but I'd wager it's helped a lot more than it's hurt - and yes the data is very hard to measure since it's by nature anonymous I totally agree with you there.
You could have just said "Here's a bunch of poorly considered opinions and unsupported allegations." and saved yourself a lot of typing.
I'll pray for you my man I hope you find what it is you are searching for. 
you should put this on your 4th step 
blahblahblah.....Same old tired repackaged bullshit. If you don't want what we have that is just fine with me. 
Wow.  That has not been my experience with AA  NA  ACOA  or Al Anon.  I don't know you but I can see you are angry and hurting.  I hope you find what you need and find some healing and peace.  ..I found AA to be welcoming peaceful  and loving.  I found my tribe when I found AA.  ..I feel at home in AA.  ..I have joy and happiness in my life today because AA taught me how to live.  ...Hugs.  ..
Sounds like you caught a resentment bro
To thine own self be true my dude. ..Do what works for you there's no need to bash AA. ..No program is perfect but with how few options suffering alcoholics and addicts have for treatment it's best to let it be and find what works for you. ..AA is helping me treat both my soul and my mind. It's a psycho-spiritual program and it really does help a lot more people than statistics can keep track of. ..Just my two cents. 
Thanks for your input. 
You made some very valid points and I agree with you. ..12 step programs are very cult like. They pressure you to get rid of people places and things and replace it with recovery. They dont see that apart of moving on from your addiction is learning to trust yourself empowering yourself and making the necessary decisions to move on to the next portion of your life. They say a lot of brainwash stuff like when your begining your just on a pink cloud. Constantly reciting the books like it's the bible. Looking down on those who have boundries or are new13th stepping......Everyone in 12 step recovery is very self absorbed. If you bring up their negative behavior they will gaslight you not try to make any amends and just chalk it up to being an addict. ..I wound up in an all womens recovery group by chance from a woman I met in a sexual assault survivors group. I was probably in therapy or recovery type setting for 2 years prior. I have OCD and thought the 12 steps would help with it... it didnt. But  I did the steps the right way got a sponsor  quit smoking pot and went to meetings because I thought I might be an addict. I had half a drink of alcohol at my brothers grad party never had a problem w/ alcohol and was told to start over w/ 3 months in while my sponsor was on prescription pain killers. It was ridiculous. I got a new sponsor and started over while still smoking regularly. The steps in and of themselves were very helpful for introspection and saying things out loud to a sponsor kinda put me at peace. ..When I got 1 year sober and completed all 12 steps I was graduating school. I went to share my accomplishment w/ the group. There was a giant man in the group poorly trying to pass as a woman who bragged about how horribly he treated his wife he would smile and giggle about it. He was legit crazy. It made me feel unsafe in a place were I once was able to share openly.I told them about where I had been and about my accomplishmentswhen I was told that it  wasnt my accomplishments it was theirs. That's when I told them to fuck off. They didnt go to classes and seminars and study and take tests and exams and do clinicals and pass boards and work my way up to my dream job I did. They didnt check in on me even though at every meeting they would always say let's get together sometime. The hypocrisy of practice what you preach was my limit. They bailed more times then I could count and chalked up to being an addict. It's the blind leading the fucking blind..Only showed up for my 18 mo tag. The tranny was gone but he caused a lot of problems and even assaulted a girl I found out. Spent the rest of the year and focused on my career and education.  At my 2 year sober date I went back to get my over 2 years sober tag. Same shit diffrent day. The old timers complaining about the same problems that they didnt want to do anything to change. The cliques and how they interacted with the newbies vs anyone else. Nothing else was important in there lives it was all about the 12 steps. The insincerity of the whole thing. It was depressing. They chose to stay like this. In that time my social circle evolved my hobbies evolved  my relationships evolved my career evolved my living situation evolved.. I decided to do the 12 steps again on my own no sponsor. I answered honestly. And wrote how some of the questions were insane or led to failure like saying how I am powerless over this  "disease" and I will be this way for the rest of my life. No. I'm not fucking powerless I got myself into that mess I got myself out I make my own choices. The disease portion is bullshit. addiction is not a disease. it's a way to set yourself up for failure. Be better than that.. No one would read it but it was a huge relief for me. It was legit like leaving a cult. ..I havent done any step work or gone to any meetings in 3 years. I'm 5 years sober because I choose to be.
