-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/af8rrh/hello_all/

I believe this is my first or maybe second post here. It's been a while. I've been off and on alcohol for a few days. Today is day two of no alcohol. I've been seeing a psychiatrist for PPD and I have been on Zoloft and Vyvanse for a while. When she learned about my alcohol use she also prescribed me Naltrexone for cravings. I was wondering if anyone had any experience with this medicine and how it's helped you. I've been on it for about 2 months now and the first month was fairly easy. My cravings went away instantly. I then ran out of my meds thought I was strong enough to last two-three days on my own without it until I could refill it. I then relapsed back into my old ways for about 1.5 weeks. Like I said today is day two of no alcohol so I'm somewhat proud.
----------immediate responses--------

For me I had to quit seeking chemical solutions to a spiritual problem.  I found that getting a sponsor and working he steps is turning out to be a good long term solution to my ailment.  
I've never tried naltrexone but I have heard many reports just like yours it works for a while then it doesn't. .  .In AA we learn to depend on a higher power to keep us sober with Sinclair method and naltrexone they depend on drugs and their own thinking to stay sober. . Whatever works for you is fine by me but I chose AA as I saw proof of people sober for decades living happy lives I wanted what they had. .I have yet to meet a person on naltrexone using the Sinclair method that has anything I want. . .I wish there was an easier softer way and a magic pill but for this alcoholic there isn't. 
Welcome. Are you going to meetings? 
It sounds like you had success with it until you ran out. There's some pretty good evidence to support its use. [https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/02/27/516890375/a-medicine-that-blunts-the-buzz-of-alcohol-can-help-drinkers-cut-back](https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/02/27/516890375/a-medicine-that-blunts-the-buzz-of-alcohol-can-help-drinkers-cut-back) I'd say keep giving it a shot if it's helping and if cost is an issue ask your doctor if the drug company has a patient assistance program for that med (will give it free for low income patients). Best thing is to work with your doc being up front about your drinking and medication compliance so that they can effectively help you. ..Unfortunately there is a fairly strong anti-medication bias in AA even against meds with no abuse potential like naltrexone. It is not rational but it's there. So this may not the best sub to get the input you are looking for. I know there's a sub for those interested in medication assisted treatment but I'm not sure which one. Can someone link it for OP?
My two cents: fight it sober without meds. The journey is worth it. AA is golden. It works if you work it! So work it you are worth it! 
Naltrexone is a really impressive medication. Look up the Sinclair Method for its usage. The idea is to block the euphoric effects of alcohol and thus diminish the behavior of drinking. Talk to your doctor. 
I appreciate and respect all avenues people take to find their sobriety. For me I enjoy this reddit group very much but have never been to an AA meeting. I'm six months sober. 
I'm really happy for you!  I'm so happy to be done with alcohol. I downloaded an app a few months ago called I am sober. It tracks how much money time etc you save everyday not drinking. Very inspiring to me. I've saved over a $1000 since I stopped drinking!
