-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/afbfnt/uk_based_alcoholic_how_do_i_get_a_sponsor/

Hi I'm 59 days sober at the moment and this is largely down to my attendance at Alcoholics Anonymous meetings. ..I'm really starting to struggle outside of the meeting times now and I feel I really need to find someone to talk to when I'm not able to get to a meeting. I have managed to mess things up with my wife again (not alcohol money...) and I'm feeling a bit desperate this evening. My wife has gone to work and I am home with the kids so cannot get to a meeting. I'm not going to drink tonight I know that but I don't know how many times I can sit on my own feeling like this. It would really help to have someone to call at times like this...My question is how do I go about getting a sponsor? Everyone in the meetings talk about their sponsors but it is really not clear how you get one. I'm not the most confident or talkative guy so the idea of asking someone feels me feel very anxious and is something I would try to avoid. Will someone approach me?? I tried to drop some hints at my last meeting that I thought I needed one. Can anyone give some tips?..Sorry for the rambling post! &amp; Thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

Is there a person at the meetings you go to who seems to be happy and sober? Simply walk up and ask if he will sponsor you. Yes it might be a bit uncomfortable for you but awkwardness won't kill you. Alcoholism will. I had to be willing to do things that put me a bit outside of my comfort zone. One of the most important lessons I've learned in sobriety us that I can not want to do something or be nervous about doing something then I can go ahead and do it anyway. I'm no longer at the mercy of my feelings...Let us know how it goes! 
You can bite your lip and be more direct in the meeting.  At closing if announcements are called for raise your hand.  When called upon state  I really need a sponsor .   Someone should step up.   If your first sponsor isn't a good fit get going with the Steps you can find a suitable sponsor later...
People at the meeting know exactly what you are going through and want to help you...I also had a lot of anxiety and fear prior to connecting to a higher power. ..I was scared to reach out so I prayed for strength that no matter what at the next meeting I went to I would ask someone for help.
You can always call your local AA phone number to talk to another AA member. I volunteer for phone shifts often and love talking to new people. . .Finding a good sponsor is tough find a group that you likemake it your home group then find someone there that seems to have their shit together and sober multiple years and ask them if they sponsor people. . .It's awkward as fuck like ask out a girl to the high school dance but well worth it. .I've had lots ask me to sponsor them and I laugh big time when they come up all shy and nervous... Lmao.  .You can share on meetings that you are looking for a sponsor. .A big book study group is the best place to find a great sponsor.. .Just keep putting it out there and it will work out 
Thanks everyone for your advice you've all said what I was already thinking. I suppose I was looking for an easier answer.... ..This path of sobriety has constantly taken me out of my comfort zone so it's not like it's going to be anything new!! I have a meeting on Thursday that I'm very comfortable in so I'll try and build up the courage for then
When you are home with the kids you might try a phone or online meeting. The A.A. Europe website has Skype meetings listed every night. They are conducted like a regular meeting just audio only. You could listen in or even participate if the kids aren't too distracting. ..https://alcoholics-anonymous.eu/online-meetings/
I went to a young people's meeting the other night shared my heart out and talked about how I have 87 days and need a sponsor I stayed afterwards and he approached me and we started talking and he seemed like he has all his shit together and I can relate while we were talking I brought up how I needed a sponsor and he offered to be my sponsor. So my best advice is talk about how many days you have and that you really need a sponsor and stay after and talk to people. If you approach someone to ask them to be your sponsor the worst they can say is that they have to many sponsees and can't take anymore at the time but they may direct you to somebody else. It took me 87 days so it'll come to you!
