-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/afc46b/advice_needed/

I'm a young man 18 and I've been addicted to alcohol since I was 12. I recently went to a mental hopsital for a suicide attempt and my doctor there prescribed me meds that don't mix with alcohol. Ive been able to avoid drinking since starting the meds but its very hard.  Should I try to get new meds so if I relapse I don't hurt myself seriously or is that possiblity of serious injury or death enough to keep me from drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

You.Answered your own question. 
How about coming to an AA meeting?..You must talk with your doctor about the medication. We can't help you with that. ..Coming to meetings made it easier for me to stop drinking. The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking. I met people who understood what I was going through. I also made some sober friends. ..AA meetings are almost everywhere. I hope you find some and go!..Check out also /r/stopdrinking.
Let the fear keep you from drinking 
Advice given:  Be honest with your doctor.  He went to school for a really long time and knows things about the human body you don't. So for you to get the best help either you have to spend 10 years learning what he knows or let him know what YOU know about your body to treat you well.  
If you want to stop drinking and discover you can't do it on your own AA has a solution.  ..For everything else talk to your doctor.  
I was an alcoholic as a teen and in my twenties but was in denial so firstly well done on even joining a group like this. While you're concerned the pills may have a negative effect if you drink your solution is to swap meds rather than control your drinking habits and that signals to me that you're not ready to leave that life behind. That is ok if that's how you feel but I highly recommend telling a professional about your relationship with alcohol. It's probably far more complicated than you even realise and you will have a lot of revelations about yourself and your identity when you spend a long time sober. Please feel free to message me as I struggled with that for years and am only recently a changed man.
It doesn't sound safe for someone actively drinking to take medication that doesn't mix with alcohol. ...Get to a point of term sobriety where you have found a solution to your drinking before considering it - and in either case speak openly with your doctor....Fear won't be enough stop you from drinking.  Many of us lose everything and keep drinking. That's what makes us alcoholics - we set out with best intentions to quit and for reasons that seem baffling to us we end up drinking again a few weeks later....This is a bit like saying that if you removed the seatbelts from your car it would be the incentive you need to drive safe....There is hope and a solution - at a meeting they can help you find it. 
I think I'd listen to my doctor over a group of people whose greatest success was reaching Alcoholics Anonymous.
The first time I ever had unmonitored access to alcohol was 13.  I got drunk threw up and continued drinking.  that pattern continued through the age of 20.  I had to stop.  every time I drank I got drunk had a personality change asked friends to fight.  it was a shit show.  I went through treatment and was finally able to stop...Can you attend AA meetings?  trying to stay sober on your own is far easier when you have people who can help. that is what AA is about.  everyone there wants to succeed and wants you to succeed. the thing is at an AA meeting everyone can understand and relate what you are going thru because they have gone thru something similar.  the first AA meeting I went to I didn't like so I tried another until I found one that I fit in.  try a young persons group..Go to meetings get a sponsor call another alcoholic before you drink.  
I was in IOP with four guys trying to get six months sober so they could get on the kidney transplant wait list.  Two of them drank assuring themselves a slow agonizing suicide.  Fear of death is frequently insufficient motivation to stop drinking.
I can say that I never wanted to kill myself more than after drinking a bunch. Alcohol and depression / suicide idealation don't mix. That said if you think drinking will keep you from another suicide attempt that's your decision...And before everyone gets mad; I was told  in AA that drinking might be ok if it stops you from killing yourself. 
For me drinking alcohol is a like an allergy. Once I have one drink a switch flicks and I can't stop. I've been going to AA for over 3 years. I haven't drank since I started going and worked the program. 
Don't stop taking your meds don't change your meds just focus on what you have to do to keep a bottle out of your face everyday get involved with the 12 steps and working with other people if by some miracle you make it to six months maybe consider getting reassessed
