-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/afdzko/went_to_my_first_meeting_yesterday/

Went to my first meeting yesterday.  I have always struggled with alcoholism I could just never admit it.  I'm 30 now.  The first time I drank until I blacked out I was 12.  Started drinking about every weekend when I was 15 and always I drink and can't stop.  I never know when to say I have had enough.  As an adult it blew up even worse.  I can sober up and go to work and if I keep myself busy I don't drink.  The second I have one it turns into 15 or 20.  I'll drink until I pass out...Unfortunately these habits have led to most likely losing my job the other day.  Got called for work to be there at 8 am the next morning a town over.  I said to myself I would just drink a 6 pack.  That turned into 17.  Slept through my alarm.  Showed up 2.5 hours late.  They could smell the booze on me and brought me in for a breathalyzer which I failed and now I'm most likely done...As weird as this may sound this is actually a good thing.  The silver lining in this whole thing is that it is the eye opener I needed to acknowledge I have a problem and start moving forward...The people at AA welcomed me with open arms and were very supportive.  I don't know a whole lot about the program and I don't buy into a lot of the religion part of it but I am looking forward to this journey.  I am 2 days sober now.  And tomorrow is a new day to choose to be sober!
----------immediate responses--------

Great to hear! From what I've seen the people who succeed with this program are those who get into action right away. Getting a sponsor working the steps picking a home group...If you were like me coming in you've suffered from enough already. ..There is a spiritual solution to our problem which means we never need to drink again.
Thanks for posting. I'm glad you're here! ..Don't worry too much about the God-stuff. Just listen and feel the comfort of being with people who understand what you are going through. ..I'm sorry about your job but you deserved to be fired. I must say you have a positive grateful attitude which bodes well for recovery.
Congrats to you for taking that step. I'm glad you see this as an opportunity for growth and to address the problem you've been ignoring. I highly recommend  the naked mind  to help you feel good about quitting. It's one thing to grit your teeth and stay sober and it's another to relish in the freedom and enjoy it. You got this. Alcohol is a nasty drug!!! You have a long sober life ahead of you. 
Take things one day at a time. When are you going to hit another meeting? Stay connected. We care about you.
I went to my second meeting today I'm thirty too and currently three days sober. It's hard to admit we have lost control but we're starting down the path to a brighter futures. I have already met some amazing people and the have helped to fill me with a sense of hope I haven't felt in a long time. Keep going to meeting and working the steps! God will work everything thing else out. 
Hello and good job reaching out ...My story is the same as yours.  First drink at 12 or 13.  Getting smashed every weekend by 15.   The whole nine yards. ...Except I waited another decade to go to AA.  .Today I've not had a drink for over 5 years and you couldn't pay me enough to have one.  ...Keep us posted. 
Thanks! Ill admit iv had some tough moments. It really broke me down to admit I'm an alcoholic and say it aloud. I feel I had to completely break down so I can build myself back into someone who throughly enjoys life. 
Many of us couldn't admit we had a problem I still struggle to. But these eye opening events will ultimately be the catalyst for recovery. I'm new too but loving the support of the fellowship and this sub. Welcome I'm glad you're here. Stay strong. IWNDWYT.  
Welcome to AA. I am 31 and have a year and 8 months sober. So close to your age when I got sober as well. I can relate to a lot of what you shared. When you talked about losing your job being a good wake up call. I went through the same thing except with a DUI and losing my job. I'm doing much better now because of the steps and the meetings and the fellowship of the program. I would suggest that you go to 90 meetings in 90 days and find someone that you like what they share and ask them to take you through the steps. Don't sweat the religion part. It's not a religion it is just trusting in a God of your own understanding. I wish you the beat of luck on this journey. 
