-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aflcaj/recent_relapse/

I recently had 7 months sober and relapsed last week. I'm back in the rooms and have a good group supporting me. However I have so much guilt and sadness with what happened. I have to take it hour by hour.. struggling staying out of my head
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!..Do you mind if I ask what was going on with you spiritually and with your steps at the time you went out again?
You got back into the rooms very quickly that is an incredible thing! At least 90% of us know just how you feel for we've relapsed and come back in with our tail between our legs. Now that I have some years and been on the other side seeing people come back after a relapse I genuinely have no negative judgment. An old timer once told me (when I came back in and was feeling ashamed) that alcoholics drink that's unremarkable. What's remarkable is when they don't day after day - that's the real surprise! The guilt and shame will pass and you are taking it one day at a time which is the way to do it.
One of the most important things about a relapse is what is learned from it. Relapse starts before we pick up the drink. When did yours begin? ..The past can't be changed. When I am sober I am less likely to do shameful things that make me feel guilty. All we have is today. If I am sober today I am likely to be a better person. Focus on the present moment for now. ..
Watch your feet carefully over the next month and a half. Ime if you can make that without getting sidetracted again this time around can last. Evaluate how cured you were sure that you were before it happened. Cockiness and a misappreciation of our condition is usually at the bottom of these things...Commit to speak with a member before you drink again if you don't want to drink again.
Getting back is the hardest part....How far along did you get in your steps?
We practice progress not perfection.........&amp;#x200B;..Pick yourself up and knock the dust off. It sounds like you figured out what went wrong. Get into the first step and stay there. The first step must be done 100%
Thank you for sharing. It is very meaningful to read you sharing something that personal.
Do you have a sponsor are you working the steps?  
Human power is insufficient your supportive group is not capable of keeping you sober however if you attempt to support your group especially the newcomers you have a good chance of getting out of your head
I'm glad you made it back. Many do not. I felt an immense sense of Guilt and shame for the first year or so but the steps and time began to heal me. Never forget that your past(including your relapse) will be your key to helping another newcomer some day. Hang in there. 
I truly believe that for many of us the guilt and shame are more toxic than the drink itself. It is critical to move past it. The path to long-term sobriety is rarely a straight line; for most of us it took more than one try. Please give yourself a break...I recommend that you chalk it up as a valuable learning experience: you now know what happens to you when you stop working your program (as you mentioned in another comment) - all doubt has been removed. All the guilt and shame in the world will not change that it did happen and holding on to it serves no positive purpose. Truly all you can do is learn from it and move forward having learned from your experience. When I was in your shoes and I found myself stuck in the shame I found it helpful to consciously replace those thoughts with gratitude for having the strength to get back to the rooms before paying the ultimate price. Best of luck to you!
Dude congrats on 7 months!!!  That's amazing!!!  Keep focusing on the positive. 
Awesome start!
fuck guilt 
I relapsed over 20 times over 10 years but I kept coming back and trying harder the next time. .I finally did exactly what they did in the big book and got sober I haven't had a drink in almost a decade now. .  .The master has failed more times than the student has even tried. .  .You only fail if you stop trying. .  .Very few people come into AA and stay sober long term right away it usually takes a few more "lessons". .Welcome back
It happens. At least you made it back to where you need to be. Learn to geow from this and congratulate yourself on tour strength and bravery
relapse is normal first year of recovery. take what you learned and dont discount all the hard work you put in those 7 months. great u came back. a thorough step one two three could help prevent a relapse.  try youtube 'aa joe and charlie doctors opinion' at min 9:00
