-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ag2h6n/my_dads_relapsed_after_being_7_years_sober/

so my dad has just relapsed whilst on holiday alone and i'm really worried. he's been 7 years sober and for some reason has just ordered a drink at his hotel. i found out when i facetimed him and he admitted to it but he's been drinking none stop for a couple days now and there's nothing i can do. he's in spain and he can't get a flight home if he's drunk because they won't allow him on the plane. i don't know what to do i'm not old enough to fly out to him and my grandparents have gone through this 1000 times so are sick of it. my dad usually goes to AA meetings at least 3 times a week so i don't know what triggered this. i know he's disappointed in himself but i can't do anything. my mum has seen him through his worst but me and my sister were too young to remember him when he was still drinking. i'm just looking for advice. 
----------immediate responses--------

Alanon has the people you need to talk to. 
Go to Alanon and take care of yourself. He won't be ready until he's ready.
That's really hard I'm sorry  
Take care of yourself. For real. Theres not much you can do...and that sucks. That sounds really hard. I hope the best for you and your family
AA as the absolute cure all for alcoholism has saved some and killed others.I found AA helpful even while doing medication and therapy which has  been condemned by my local AA meetings...Many meetings could be highly pathological. I urge discretion about meetings.
He'll finish out the drunk and make it home unlikely he'll make the trip until he does what he has to do...There seems to be a hump at 7 years that people either have enough going for them to pass or not. It's a better situation than what usually happens for those who fall short at the next hump. Many of the failed 7s come back with a better understanding do all the stuff and make it all the way. Very rare outcome for those who can't pass the next one...Hopefully he won't drag this relapse out too long with the excuse of being afraid to look bad. Let him know the pressure is now completely off him to look good as no one could look good in this scenario.
wow. thats hard. hmmm...perhaps tell him to go to a meeting as much as possible. have a solid intervention with him with ur mum and catch it as early as possible.  ask why he relapsed until he can tell you and offer tons of support.  something triggered him its gotta be figured out. 
