-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/agjzgo/son_came_to_me_yesterday_and_admitted_he_was_an/

This is gonna be a long one so if your not into reading skip. Just hit the back button. ..With that being said i'm just gonna get into it. So for as long as i've been alive i've know alcohol/drug addiction. I know my family for the 4 generations I've been a part of it. Addiction goes that far back myself a a recovering heroin addict. My drug of choice really were the opioids however i didn't pass up a party or the party favors offered. I've lost so many times had to rebuild so many times. Lost my kids at one point. Went to jail for 6 months. I took it to the limit. Even after being in jail i still got out and had my sister pick me up and literally as i was getting into the car i was lighting a cigarette and popping pills. I didn't get my ahha moment untill april 6th 15 years ago while sitting in my mothers house in my old room on my bed cause i had to " start over again ". I litterly was sitting on my bed thinking how i can't do this again. And not only  is it me that was a mess i managed to drag my sister out there with me this time. She picked me up from jail July 7th 2004 she had told me she sold her house. I managed to help her spend 60 grand from the sale of her house. 8 months it took to spend that much. I was sick and tiered of the life. I really felt that i was gonna die soon if i didn't admit to myself i was an addict and my life had become unmanageable and i was living a lie. I was back in my kids lifes again cause my mom had custody of them and i was living at home. I knew my family didn't have another " we gotta save her Again " i really saw that my life was unmanageable and out of control and i really belived i was an addict. No more denial. I took my phone out and sighned myself up for this new program that was a pilot program and they were giving out suboxone.  I didn't know what it was then at that time but i knew i wanted a better life i wanted my kids to have their mother back and i didn't want to die. It's been proven to me jails institutions and the next was death. I hated all the a.a/n.a talk but i realized they were right. I was gonna give it my all in this program. I haven't touched a drug or drink since 2004. I've put my life back together. I have a great job. Got back together with the kids father after 13 years. ( he got clean too. That's why we broke up we used together and after my family took the kids we just were into our own addictions to much and seperated he's another sub redit) i love my life. I'm a mother daughter sisteraunt worker. Good honest happy and sober!! ..Fast forward i have a 25 year old daughter who was involved in a drinking and driving accident at 17 almost died. It was the worst thing any parent could experience. She was a passenger in the car that hit a tree at 75 miles per hr that split the car in half. She spent a month in boston and another three months in spaulding rehab. After she got better it was like she had a death wish. I cought her drinking and driving more times than i can count. She drank like a fish and her behavior was very out of control. She drank like a fish. And she added molly the drug to her mix. That drug molly is nothing nice. I'm not the kind of patent who buried her head in the sand and say " not my kid " I'd say " ya my kid " i was at a loss with her. No matter how i tried to approach the subjuct she would deny that she had a problem. I put her in a rehab. She got out but still thought she could drink. It was a long road with her. She just woke up one day and she admitted she had a problem with drinking. She changed on her own she had to have enoughf. I would go to bed at night and think " where is she did she crash her car " it was beyond stressful. She's now 25 and her life is totally diffrent. She has a great boyfriend and a full time job and is going to school to get a degree in business. She's well on her way. She did it on her own. Only when she was ready. All those times I'd go looking for her while she was actively using begging her to see. She wasn't ready then. Just like i wasn't so many times when peopletold me " you have to get help your an addict " i just needed stay away from those people. I would just stop seeing people. As much as i wanted to shake my daughter and say " look at me. Look what i went through. They lived it. We talk openly about her not drinking now and she knows she's one drink away from being right back to where she was. I pray every day that she stays away from a drink and drug...Now to my  22 year old son. He's been drinking daily for 2 years now. Like i said the kids grew up in my parents house. My father was my sons father at the time. ( again another reddit story ) my father was a raging alcholic. He had a colostomy due to drinking. He rotted his intestines. But he was a great father figure to my son. My father ended up getting throat cancer. One night my mother was screaming for my son. Apparently my father had caughfed and he blew a lung. By the time my son got upstairs my father's head had fallen into the trash barrel next to his bed. My son rushed to him and bear hugged my father out of the trash and slid down the wall with his lifeless body as blood just continued to pour out of my father all onto my son. It was beyond horrific as well as traumatic. Then they straped the heart puncher onto my dad and everytime the thing hit my dad blood flew everywhere. My son witnessed a horrific thing. After my dad's funeral i tried to get him help. He was having nightmares and panic attacks. Like i said he was 17 at the time. I let him know he could talk with me no matter what. Nothing would be off limits. ..I had noticed over the years he binge drank on the weekend. He'd black out for 3 day's. He never remembered what he did. He was drinking to black out. Then it was daily he needed a drink. He fell in love. Had a great girl freind. She stayed with him for two years. When he drinks he can be a mean basterd. He's very loud. He thinks he's funny and he's not. The girlfriend was drinking too. But realized that she wanted more in life. She brought it up to him many times.. she broke up with hom 2 years ago the day after x-mass. I can't say i blame her but the timing sucked. He was broken. He really loved her. And he knew deep down that it was mainly because of his drinking. He just started drinking heavily after that. His heart was broken..then he got this job at a hotel. The head maintains guy was a drunk. He had my kid drinking during the day. Drinking during work. He drank whiskey. He was drinking 7 days a week. And he still working. I'd point out " hey don't you think your drinking to much? "Maybe you should slow down. " He had anothet girl freind but he continued to drink the girl hated that he drank. He couldn't do anything cause of his drinking. He stayed away from the family.i knew why. But i was watching. Waiting to pick him up when he falls. He needs to be ready. No matter how much i want him to stop he needs to stop. I did look into sectioning him. He was on my mind constantly. Here i was worried about him i like used to over his sister. I couk3d see it was getting worse. They broke up. He was sad but not like his other girl and they only had been dating for a couple of months. ..Fast forward to now and the last couple of months. He's calling me telling me that hes having horrible anxity attacks. I knew why cause he needed a drink to feel better. I would try to explain to him what was going on in his body. He was so afraid he was going to die. He described them like his heart races he has impending doom.a horrible sence of dread. He said he felt it was like a ton if bricks. These usually would happen the day after his weekend booze binge. He maintained durring the week with his drinking but on the weekends he'd get bombed. And do shots of wiskey all day and night. He would call me from work. Mum I'm dieing. I gently say it's all that drinking. You put your mind and body thru the ringer. I don't want our relationship ruined by harping on him drinking. It's the worst feeling watching your kid struggle with addiction. I know all his " yet's " the things that are to come. But i remeber that when people brought up my shit i would just back away. Avoid them at all cost. ..He called me Monday crying saying he can't live like this. I told him come over we'll talk. He shows up. He say's he called into work again. He's having anxiety attacks. Last week he went to the hospital and the doctor gave him an antacid to fix his symptoms. The doctor even told him slow down on the drinking. I tell him that i think it's his drinking. He's sobbing now saying " mum i never thought it would catch me. I don't wanna disappoint you and daddy. I know how much you went thru with sissy. I can't sleep cause i have nightmares about grampy. I have massive amounts of guilt. I know i'm an alcoholic " i told him i knew. He just needed to see it and belive it himself. That I'd support him just like i did his sister. He said he felt a huge relief sayong it. He felt a huge weight was lifted. I told him we all knew but he had to be the one to say it. And if he didn't come to his own understanding the next step for family would have to go to the courts and have him sectioned. He was emotionally spent. Passed out on the couch till he had to get his g/f from work...Now as a parent my heart hurts real bad. Did i do this to my kid? I grew up in a very dysfunctional home. Dad was a raging alcholic as well as his mother and her mom. My mom being the codependent. I saw sum shit. I started to use young with my addiction. My kids saw and know what addiction does. They know better. But did i set them up for the don't do what i did be smarter. They both haven't lost as much as i have. They seemed to get it a lot sooner than i did. I was 33. This cycle needs to stop!! I don't want to see my kids suffer. I beat myself up when ever one of my kids is struggling with anything. I honestly wish there were a cure for addiction but it's lifes lessons that most 9f us there. I want so much more for my kids and to not have this addiction hanging over their heads waiting to get them at anytime. I just hope they have really paid attention to how my life has gotten better since i put the negtive out and started living life on lifes terms. ..Just had to get this out. Not sure if it makes sence since its all over the place. 
----------immediate responses--------

As hard as being an addict is it might be more difficult being the mother of one. In order to support him I would lean on AA and your HP as much as possible. Go to meetings talk to your sponsor keep your sobriety top priority. Without it you have nothing. Alanon seems like a good next step too. ..Hang in there Mama! Love will guide you  ..
Check out r/alanon for you.  
Lots of people are dual members of AA and Al-Anon.
