-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ah9v8e/hey_guys_just_a_quick_update/

I posted in here about 2 months ago about constant relapses. Since then I have been in several inpatient programs got kicked out of my house lost my job etc. It might sound shitty but it has actuallybeen the most significant thing that has ever happened to me in my life. I finally get to focus on myself and not worry about anything else.  I get to appreciate all the things I have and how lucky I am to have them. I'm just happy to still be alive and still have my family around. I guess sometimes it takes hitting rock bottom to actually begin your journey to sobriety. Thanks again to anyone who gave support to me when I first posted.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the update. What a wonderful gift desperation can be.  I too was losing my job and my place to live. I spent several days searching like before for another way out of the mess someone to borrow money from something to sell or some friend to mooch off of. I was out of options and just gave up. It was wonderful to have that weight lifted from-to know that I was ready for a new way of life.  I found sober people at meetings began taking suggestions and put my sobriety as my number one priority. I got a new job new friends the best living situation I've ever been a part of promotions etc. Most importantly I got freedom from active alcoholism mental clarity principle to live by and a relationship with a power greater than myself. You can too. Make sobriety your number one priority get to meetings get a sponsor work the steps. You deserve the opportunity to live a happy healthy life. 
Try going all in. I've seen almost no one relapse who has gotten a sponsor and worked the steps in their first couple months of sobriety.
As an Al Anon this is so good to hear! Us Al Anons are always trying to save your butts and our program says to let you fall because it's what you need. We resist this advice SO hard! Looks like from the mouth of an AA you need to fall!!! I am so glad you have found your way. I wish you luck and thank you for posting this!
You're in a good spot.  I couldn't get sober until the jobs friends and relationships were gone.  Drinking alone living in a car gave me the willingness to do this deal.  
I used Antabuse to jump start my sobriety. was easy. 
