-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ahi619/almost_relapsed_today/

I was with this girl that I like (a lot) and we went to Buffalo Wild Wings together. She ordered one of those girlie slushy drinks and I just kept staring at it lol. I think I'm in pretty good spiritual condition though. A voice in my head (my higher power) kept telling me it wasn't worth it.. and it isn't. It never is. I'm getting my 90 day chip on Sunday and it's gonna feel so great. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations when I first started AA in a situation like yours where somebody would offer me a drink or buy me a drink I would just politely say no thank you I'm not drinking today maybe tomorrow but not today..Congratulations on your 90 day chip that's an accomplishment don't forget to work the steps
Do you feel like you're in fit spiritual condition if you "almost" relapsed today? I mean when I was in early sobriety I did not go to BWW. I do now. The problem I had with that place was it was where i went to drink. Their motto is "Wings Beer Sports". Talk to you sponsor and see what they think. Glad it worked out tonight.
Congratulation! 90 days is a huge step.
Hiya great post and great honesty. I had a few instances like that in my first year except for the hot wings and the girl. But just like you I didn't give in. It really wasn't worth it...&amp;#x200B;..In the past two years a handful of my litermates or people with more sobriety than me have gone out. Luckily all but a couple have come right back in. And you know what every single one of them said?..&amp;#x200B;..It wasn't worth it. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks again. What a great post to charge my batteries...&amp;#x200B;
Nice work!!
I think most people in recovery have faced those urges and temptations in early sobriety. When I was three months sober I came so close to relapsing that I was holding two large Absolut bottles in the grocery store and begging myself not to do it yet salivating like a fat kid when he sees cake. I went outside and prayed. Then I took the bus to my home group meeting opened the door and made coffee. Today I'm grateful God was there for me in that moment. But I definitely wasn't in good spiritual condition...
Good job mate. I just made 120 days. It gets easier bug you still have to stay in focus. Be sharp. 
I'm glad you survived and didn't drink!  Did you talk to your sponsor about the situation or your plans to go to BWW?  Also I am not one of those people who are anti-dating the first year but I do wanna say that those romantic situations can present temptations you aren't expecting.  I had six months my first time in the rooms and started dating around month four and that relationship was a huge reason I ended up going back out (we didn't break up -- he was drinking wine on a date and I found myself saying yes to the server's offer of a glass).  Just be super vigilant in those scenarios!  I definitely thought I was in a good place in my program and somehow I ended up drinking.  
Of coure it was worth it to order one yourself you only live once ffs you can't loose this kind of opportunities just because you may get into alcohol again who cares stop being a pussy
People places and things... the one thing I had to  change in early sobriety if i wanted to stay sober. Years later thanks be to God I can go anywhere and do anything. That being said you wont find me on the weekends at lounges or bars drinking soda water and lemon unless i have a really good reason to be there. Sure my playground has changed but my sobriety has as well. It is better to stay sober than to get sober...
Congrats on your good decision. Staying on this side allows growth and you already know what's on the other side.
Watch out for the pink and the green
I check in on your username every so often man. I thought for sure you were dead after a 2-month period of inactivity even. Checked just now and shit I'm truly impressed with the way your post history has evolved. Stay strong man I'm enjoying following the progression from a distance. 
I feel you. I work for an event production company and we store beer at the office. Sometimes I can feel it staring at me. That's how I know it's time to go home lol 
Inspiring. Thank you!
Congrats on 89 days! As long as your motives are correct &amp; are living in a fit spiritual condition you can go anywhere. 
