-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ahumxh/sponsor_struggles/

I came to this forum because I've been struggling the last couple days with some text messages I received from my sponsor.  Not too long ago when we met for the week she stated that her sponsor had recently fired someone because they weren't making it to 5 meetings a week and advised me that I needed to do the same.  I said that's fine for me as I generally do go to at least 5 but I can't always promise that if I'm ill or have some other life issue where I physically can't attend.  She agreed...&amp;#x200B;..This week I ended up with the flu and went to 4 meetings.  I texted her to check in and let her know I'd listened to a couple sobriety podcasts while I was sick.  She responded "Please be sure you've hit 5 meetings if you want to meet this week."  I got pretty freaked out by this especially since I'm having surgery at the end of the month and for about 2-3 weeks after that I know I won't be able to even leave the house.  It made me wonder if that would be her reaction after my surgery as well.  She texted back that surgery and illness or different but also said things like "my sense is that you can do more" and "I know you think I'm being unreasonable."  Feels like some red flags to me but I'm also a crazy alcoholic...&amp;#x200B;..I just read [https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aenst7/my\_sponsor\_has\_had\_me\_on\_my\_4th\_step\_for\_a\_year/](https://www.reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aenst7/my_sponsor_has_had_me_on_my_4th_step_for_a_year/) and decided to write this post.  I read that and wondered for a moment if me and the OP even have the same sponsor - I doubt it but their situation is so much like mine it's uncanny.  I've been on my 4th step for well over a year.  Her format (like the OP's sponsor) is that we meet once a week and work on it for an hour.  I had to make a list of 10 people at the start then one by one I've had to list my resentments against that person and write what I wish I'd said (which is mostly actually her dictating to me).  Suddenly I'm like is this crazy?  I had one sponsor before this and we went through the steps together and it was very different but I chalked it up to "different sponsors do things different ways."  Now I'm not so sure.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I ran the text messages by a good friend in AA and he said it sounded a little hardline to him.  I'm open to other people's opinions - especially regarding the year+ 4th step.
----------immediate responses--------

My job as a sponsor is not to manage someone's life it's to try and lead by example and guide my sponsees through the steps. ..One of my biggest concerns here is spending over a year on your fourth step of youre ready to move forward. My most important job is to guide women through the steps so they can deepen their conscious contact with their higher power and then be of service to others. Keeping someone on one step for over a year especially one as crucial as a fourth step hinders that. ..If I'm keeping a sponsee on one single step for that long I'm hindering their ability to deepen their contact with their HP and go on to sponsor others. ..It's ok to get a new sponsor when you need one. I had to do this recently and it's actually really benefitted my program and my ability to be of service. 
Fire your fucking sponsor. Jesus christ. You know how many meetings you need. There is no magic number. Go when you need to go. Just don't come up with lame reasons not to go.
Someone tell me where in the book it says to go to 5 meetings a week.  Or where it says your sponsor should be this involved in your life.   I am responsible for my own life and choices.  My sobriety is my responsibility no one else's
I have 24 years in the program and i have been sponsored through most of it I have been searching for that one unicorn sponsor that people talk about when i go to speaker meetings but i have yet to meet him. You know the one " my sponsor took me to my first meeting took me through the steps and now we are the best of friends and we help each other ". Nope never met that guy perhaps because of my character probably. So i have "moved around" quite a bit i get resentments I decide that I just can't work with some people whatever...My main point is even the difficult men i asked to be my sponsor EVERYONE of them taught me something without exception as long as i pay attention i will learn something maybe it's what to do maybe it's what NOT to do...Relationships! this is where we have had the most difficulties in our lives as alcoholics and EVERY single relationship we get into we continue to have difficulties until we suffer enough pain and are pushed close enough to drinking to make us try something else and relationships with sponsors are an extreme example because we choose an "AUTHORITY" figure over us even the very thought of a control freak picking an authority figure has led so many of us to refuse to do so overwhelmed by the flood of fears that demand that we "stay in control". Though you will never hear someone say that our justification machines are far too good to let a target like that be open especially when there are so many in an AA meeting who can and will nail it and make the owner of it feel like crawling out of their skin...So alcoholics are control freaks yes? I hope you agree and can see it in yourself even though you are newish. Your current sponsor is an alcoholic and control freak YOU and I are control freaks DRIVEN by 1000 fears. Even when motivated by unselfish intentions an alcoholic is like the actor trying to run the whole show (pg. 60 ). therefore it is not surprising that when one alcoholic is trying to help another they will try and grab control and steer/force the sponsee in a good direction. Alcoholics are hyper sensitive to controlling forces and we instinctively fight against them even when they are favorable...I'm jumping all over making many points but they are all important i hope this is making sense. YOU have much to learn your sponsor has much to learn YOU can teach your sponsor things. How? by practicing the spiritual principles honesty for one...My favorite sponsor told me many times " communication will solve 90% of your problems " and he was very right and still is. So to apply that if i have a problem with another human being I can learn how to communicate with them to try and solve it. NOT what you and i used to call communicating that was some fucked up kind of shit that I used to do rehearse the whole conversation beforehand in the hopes of being able to control it and steer this other person to what i selfishly wanted that is NOT communication!..Pray first " god help me to be unselfish with this person and to hear them and not to be totally absorbed with what i want in this please help me to hear their side and to do what YOU want me to do NOT my selfishness" and then talk......" listen sponsor I feel that you may be taking just a bit too much control of my life and i'm starting to resent you for it what can we do about this? "..Sounds crazy huh? but this is exactly what we need to learn how to do if we want to get along with people and not drink...I hope something i said was helpful thanks for the opportunity to share.
Thank you everyone for your responses.  You've given me some really good food for thought and I'm grateful.  For now I'm sending her a message that I'd like a week to think about what she's said mostly for my own sake so that I don't rush into action and so that I practice restraint of pen and tongue.
please don't get anyone else sick at meetings. Not cool. 
