-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ai7nav/help/

I'm struggling pretty bad. The snow storms had me locked down for the last two days.  I've talked with my sponsor but I've mostly been trapped in my studio apartment in my head. I feel like I'm loosing my mind. It's 2am I'm having panic attacks crying and scratching at my skin. I got this deep pain in my chest that being busy covered since I got sober. It's been 9 months but Now I feel like it's day one all over again. I just need someone out there to just say it will pass. Right now it feel like it won't and it's gonna kill me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey it will pass! I've been in that place. And out the other side. .Personally any kind of exercise or activity helped me or diversions such as films. .I tell myself I can do any thing I wish guilt free if I'm not drinking..Thinking of you . Good luck
It will pass! Take a hot shower/bath. Breath relax. Journal it out... You will make it through this.
Breath .Then start to journal any and all thoughts .Begin each day with writing 3 things you're grateful for.   Could be simple and in the beginning asking tough days keep it simple. .But always st least 3..Then excersise 
Hang in there! It will pass! Try downloading a mindfulness meditation app to your phone. Personally I like Headspace! Do the 10 free days of guided mindfulness meditation exercises on the app then say a prayer to your higher power in which you turn your difficulties over. Then try to stop thinking so much and just enjoy the present moment! Most importantly don't drink or use! You'll be happy you didn't when this passes and you see you made it without relapsing!  
This too shall pass! I was stuck indoors for the first time in my recovery last year when we had a snow storm (I was about 4 months sober).  Stay in touch with your sponsor and also any other friends in recovery you have! Texts and calls are the best way to get out of your own head!  As mentioned above distract yourself with a book or a movie! And journal! Write a gratitude list or i find it's also helpful to write down three reasons why I'm powerless! Hang in there it will get better! 
If I was to describe addiction to anyone who'd ask it'd be very similar to what you wrote. It's absolute hell. The prison of your mind can be a very dark cold place. ..It's six hours after you posted and I really hope you found the peace you need and deserve. All the suggestions written here are good ones. I'd add to it the simple act of feeling within yourself those dark painful moments will eventually serve as daily reminders of what you can be grateful for; that future moment hopefully this morning after you managed to get some sleep where you realize you're on the other side of the darkness. ..I've found sharing it can help future moments where you'll be afforded the opportunity to share your experience strength and hope with someone else who's struggling. ..I hope you made it and I hope you can savor that victory. 
This too shall pass! If you're still stuck maybe check out Intherooms -online meetings. 
Just imagine during World War Two and all the new members going off to war. No AA meetings. No texts or email. No one you know was an AA member on the battlefield or barracks or the area you were stationed in. ..How did they stay sober? ..How about the men and women of the merchant marines who were on ships in the middle of the oceans for months on end? ..Since the beginning of AA people managed to stay sober somehow regardless of no meetings or contact with another member close by. They all were my role models when I was alone stuck in the middle of nowhere without electric or phone in a place where there was no meeting. If they could do it - so could I. 
Go to aa meetings out of self love and respect. you came here for help also talk to your doctor about a mild anti anxiety med. it changed my like 400%.  anxiety no more...u drank for god knows how many years... a mild med will likely re-stabalize ur brain to a healthier level. its science...not personal.  also therapy therapy therapy. ask them about DBT and CBT so help manage emotions. journal and exercise.  if u dont wanna take these actions steps you wont see any positive changes. your call.
