-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aip6yt/is_it_a_terrible_idea_to_be_in_relationship_with/

I am currently single almost 2 years sober and this was all hypothetical...My sponsor got really pissed off at me for saying there is nothing wrong with having a serious relationship with someone who occasionally gets drunk from time to time.  I thought I was coming from a reasonable and practical place.  My thoughts were: no alcohol in our house no getting drunk in front of me but getting drunk a few times a year with her friends is okay (if I'm not with them).  Examples could be she goes off for a weekend trip with her friends or goes to a bachelorette party.  My sponsor said it's okay for her to have one glass of wine in front of me with a group of friends but I absolutely cannot date someone who ever gets drunk.  ..This may sound like a shitty thing to say... but I'm semi scared of dating someone from AA and NA because people in my area have been relapsing left and right.  It seems risky for two sober alcoholics / addicts to date because one relapse could affects both.  My sponsor actually agreed with this.  In frustration I said "Well who am I supposed to date then?  Very few people are not alcoholics and choose not to ever get drunk.  Am I supposed to find somebody in Al-Anon... which would be incredibly inappropriate to try to meet someone there???"..My sponsor became so upset about this conversation he got angry and said I was trying to justify dangerous behavior and refused to talk about it any further.  He's also a Buddhist and said I need to focus on the present and stop worrying about the future.  I said "Yeah but people still need to have goals and a process to work toward goals.  I would eventually like to settle down and have a family.  That won't simply spontaneously happen one day without planning for the future."  He said "Okay now you're using the Buddhist path to justify your own ends... I'm done talking about this you're simply going to do whatever you want anyway..."..What is safe reasonable and practical?
----------immediate responses--------

I was told not to get into a relationship by my sponsor. Guess what I started dating someone in the fellowship who I had previously met at college. Of course everyone disapproved and jumped on the judgement bandwagon. .We are now living together engaged and I will be two years sober soon. My then sponsor is still single and recently had a nervous breakdown. .I have never liked the co dependent nature of some sponsor/sponsee relationships. .I came to AA get sober so I could live my life not to hand over every single decision to another person who may not be as mentally fit as they appear. .It's supposed to be a bridge to normal living. To thine own self be true.
Exactly. To thine own self be true. You got sober if problems arise in other areas of your life you'll figure out those out too. 
I have about two and a half years sober.  I date someone who is  normal   She goes out and has a drink with her friends every now and then and  normal  20 somethings do.  .She is very respectful of my process and makes sure I feel comfortable in any situation and it doesn't bother me in the slightest.  ..The AA promises tell me that I can go anywhere and do anything.  I got sober to be released from the shackles that bound me not to sit in my apartment and hide from life and what it has to offer..
My mind sometimes conjures up imaginary problems that an imaginary me in an imaginary future is gonna face. Then...I can totally miss the "spontaneously happening" of every moment while I'm struggling and arguing to imagine a solution for the imaginary me to apply to the imaginary problem in the future my mind is imagining. When I see that happening I immediately call or text another guy and ask about him his day and if he's lost in imagination too. That seems to relieve me of the bondage of my imaginary self enough to take a breath look around and notice a feeling of love and gratitude has started creeping into my being and I find myself in a flow where the wind seems to be at my back and the ground rises to meet my steps and things work out better than I could have ever imagined or "planned" and I witness myself having intuitive thought and decisions that seem to serve the moment better than my plans or opinions ever would or did. AND... the absolute trippiest part about it is that the idea of drinking seems entirely foreign and the absolute LAST thing I'd want to do. 
How does the fact that she gets drunk affect you? ..Do you worry about it? 
Just got to ask...  do people read this things... Assuming we are spiritually fit we can do all sorts of things alcoholics are not supposed to do. People have said we must not go where liquor is served; we must not have it in our homes; we must shun friends who drink; we must avoid moving pictures which show drinking scenes; we must not go into bars; our friends must hide their bottles if we go to their houses; we mustn't think or be reminded about alcohol at all. Our experience shows that this is not necessarily so. ..My experience has been that once I was spiritually fit I lost the desire to drink. I'm not fighting against alcohol or avoiding triggers or being around it because the obsession to drink has been removed. ..That's not to say I'm complacent I still work on my spiritual condition each day but the thing this program gave me is that I'm not going around fighting alcohol and triggers any more...Not my place to give advice though.
IMMEDIATELY FIRE YOUR "Sponsor" .   .   .Your "sponsor" is directly going against what the big book says.  .  .We don't hide from alcohol.  .  .We can't drink but to say others around of can't drink is selfish and self centered to the core.  .  ..a "sponsor" is supposed to help with the AA program in the big book and share Thier experience with you. .They are not supposed to run your life!  .   .So you don't really have a sponsor you've got a junior councillor who is playing God with your life.   . .The program and all of AA literature/guidance is developed from a group conscious (multiple people) this is God's will.    .  ..The advice of your "sponsor" is one persons  guidance this is his will and goes against the group conscious (God's will) of AA.  .  .. .
This is a perennial question and unfortunately not an easy one to answer. Plenty of people with a healthy relationship to alcohol do get drunk on occasion and I think you're wise to set boundaries. I would personally find it difficult to share a bed with someone who was drunk but a weekend trip with her girlfriends? Go for it within reason. But there are important questions. How often is "occasionally?" And how drunk are we talking about? These distinctions are important. I'd be happy dating someone who got kinda drunk at a wedding but not one who got hammered on "girls night" 2-3 times a month...I wouldn't be as hesitant as you to find someone in AA or NA but with certain caveats. In general I would avoid women in their first year of sobriety or ones whose program seem to leave a lot to be desired (i.e. choosing not to work with a sponsor seldom going to meetings etc.). If you meet someone who seems to be secure in her sobriety I think the risk of relapse would be comparatively small. There's also no guarantee that a "normie" girlfriend's alcohol use will always remain above board and healthy. It really is just a judgment call...Typically a sponsor will not endlessly litigate matters with you. He gives you suggestions and if you don't take them it's your call. But he's well within standard practice to refuse to talk about it with you any further. ..And I agree with him about being present. It doesn't mean you shouldn't date but it's easy to get worked up over relationships and worry too much about whether someone's right for you. Your hesitation toward dating women in the rooms makes sense but is not something you need to worry about right now. I'd take it easy meet people and just keep doing things one day at a time.
Here are my two cents. Everyone realizes you can buy alcohol within probably 1/2 of wherever you're at right? For me the drink problem has been removed and i do not hide from alcohol at all. I go to bars (to see music) I've dated women who like to go out and ill drive i've ordered drinks for girlfriends dates my ex wife. I've kept alcohol in the house for years (so did Bill W mind you). I do not hide from the drink. That was never the issue. Not being around it did nothing for me. My spiritual program and my connection to my higher power are what keeps me sober. ..&amp;#x200B;..For reference on my own life as well my girlfriend smokes weed occasionally. Maybe a few times a month she has wine with dinner sometimes or after the kids are in bed and we are just hanging out. For MY OWN EXPERIENCE if i was living my life sober by hiding from alcohol then my spiritual program is messed up and i'm not relying on my connection to my higher power. I haven't been tempted to drink in years (and i drank morning to night without the ability to control it with the physical allergy and mental obsession in full effect i also did massive amounts of drugs)...&amp;#x200B;..u/coreymac90 below said it perfectly. " The AA promises tell me that I can go anywhere and do anything \[as long as i have a reason to be there\]. I got sober to be released from the shackles that bound me not to sit in my apartment and hide from life and what it has to offer."..&amp;#x200B;..Now. Would i date someone who is a practicing alcoholic? Nope. I probably wouldn't even date someone who wants to go out and get plastered constantly or do hard drugs but not because of my sobriety. Only because i'm not interested in that lifestyle. 
I would say your sponsor is being unreasonable.  When you are just starting out you probably don't want to be around people who are drinking but you have two years under your belt - getting to be an old hand at this.  No reason you can't be in a relationship with someone that drinks from time to time.  I have been sober for over a decade and my wife will drink from time-to-time.  In fact we have a cabinet full of liquor for when friends come over.   
If you've had a spiritual awakening as a result of working the 12 steps then you can do anything or go anywhere that a non alcoholic could. 
One of my big issues when I came in was that I was afraid I would also have to get my spouse sober too.   Turns out I didn't.  He would go out for drinks with friends and I would go to a meeting instead.  Still works that way and I'm fifteen years sober.   We used to go out with this other couple who are big drinkers but I had to stop going.   Not because I was afraid of drinking; well at first I guess I was being extra careful.   I have since tried a couple of times to tag along and I just don't any more.  Because it is so boring.  Drunk people are boring.  Extra so if they get drunk and then argue with each other.  I don't make myself go out to bars and such but I don't manage him and his drinking.  It's enough deal with my side of the street.   I do have to put my sobriety first though.  I can't be a good partner parent worker or anything really if I drink.   ..PS - I think there are plenty of people out there who aren't alcoholic and choose not to get drunk.   I think it's great that you are having this discussion.   Remember Easy Does It... 
Okay firstly getting upset over a hypothetical isn't worth it. Sponsors are people too (messed up alcoholics to boot) and get emotional just like the rest of us and sometimes just say things..I would wait until this hypothetical became a reality to really get upset about your situation. Your sponsor has sponsored you this far in sobriety hasn't he? So I won't take inventory on your sponsor or your program it's just not my place. You're sober and it seems like he's done well.  .*My two cents personally speaking about dating someone who drinks (I do). Well I mean sure there may be something in the fridge I don't like. But you know what? There's mustard in the fridge too. And I don't like mustard. --I just keep working my program.
i say it's fine. sponsors don't have any particular skill or insight (my sponsor used to beg me to let him move in with me. for free. lol). ..rhetorical question: who is more together - your sponsor or your girlfriend ?  
i would never date in aa i get why ppl do but man that just sounds crazy to me...personally i would never marry someone who drinks or has a lifestyle that makes them want to.  i would tell them not to do it in front of you period. def not come home drunk. and no booze in the house. u dont need that
