-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aj1rrv/what_to_do_if_someone_who_has_relapsed_is_living/

To keep a long story short I currently live in an apartment with my fianc  and his brother. All of us are in AA. His brother's girlfriend lives in an Oxford house. She has been staying with us now for 5 days straight not even leaving his room to eat or shower. My fianc  and I absolutely know what this means we've been sober for 5 &amp; 6 years respectively so we've been through this a few times...The problem is that his brother is actively denying it and it's obvious he's lying. I know for a fact because I used to live in an Oxford house that they do not let you leave for 5 days at a time like that unless you have a pass. I would consider that maybe she were on pass if she were still going to work everyday and doing normal things like showering but she isn't. She works for her sponsor which is another reason I strongly believe she's relapsed...Anyways my fianc  and I clearly don't want her in our apartment for obvious reasons. Yet his brother refuses to kick her out. I'm at my wits end here I don't want to be without compassion but I have also been burned too many times by letting an active alcoholic live with me. ..Any suggestions on what to do from here would be so appreciated! Thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

Your sobriety comes first and you have to set boundaries. If this threatens your sobriety or general well being then she will have to make other arrangements. 
If you are affected by someone's drinking try Alanon.
Yeah that's rough. If the brother's on the lease it doesn't seem like you have much power. If he's not and your fiancee kicks them out then you've strained or wrecked that relationship. If she stays and makes your lives miserable even drags the brother down with her then the relationship is strained or wrecked. Best case scenario is you convince her to get back into treatment but again you don't have much power there. Have you had a heart to heart with the brother told him what you know and what solutions you will accept?..This sub is going to tell you to go to Alanon but I figured I'd at least acknowledge how this sucks. Ask around your AA groups for firsthand experience too. 
i would not let a non-tenant just shack up in my place  AA / relapsing not withstanding. Not a flop house. ..tell her to go to her place.  
Have you tried reaching out to her sponsor or perhaps the manager at the Oxford house? It might not yield any results in terms of your situation but at least they can have a better idea of what's going on and perhaps they can help bring her back in. Just an idea.
