-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/akeo3i/higher_power/

I'm finding myself back on Step 2 with my sponsor again after relapsing. For me giving myself over to a Higher Power is not the hard part for me but visualizing my conception of a Higher Power is...My sponsor had me yet again describe my concept of a Higher Power which I've written a page on putting it into the words as best I can but it had me wondering what others see as their Higher Powers and how you came to believe in it. I know the obvious answer many people are going to have is the Christian concept of God but I'm especially curious about others beliefs   maybe the more abstract versions...Anyone care to share? 
----------immediate responses--------

I really have no concept I ask for help and I get it.  
I'm not convinced spending an inordinate amount of time trying to define what your higher power is will end up being very beneficial. The way I've heard it described is pretty much "do you believe there is a higher power something among you and inside you that's bigger than you? Something at work inside you that you're able to feel on a deeper level than just what's readily apparent to you?" ..While I do acknowledge the Christian version as my higher power I got a far better understanding of how that power was working in my life through AA and it came to me really when I stopped worrying about defining it and just chose to accept it was there. 
A power greater than myself. For me that could be anything. I am not a big believer in god as religions describe. So I use the cosmos. Basically the sky:).  The point for me is to ask for my issues to be removed from me. I believe that that is when my subconscious mind takes over and removes it from my conscious mind. And as long as I am not worrying about my issues the answers seem to come. 
I have no visual concept of my higher power and I don't feel that I need one to improve my relationship with my higher power.
I don't think this is necessary or any of your sponsor's business. You are already working step 2 by asking for help. Right now you are admitting that you don't know everything and that someone else might be able to help you. That "power" outside yourself can be for now the power greater than yourself. 
I'm going through the steps again and this time my sponsor had me write my HP's qualities. My higher power is anything from a Santa Claus God to The Universe depending on the day and I still feel it's incomprehensible but some of the main characteristics are a Loving Parent omnipresent has absolute faith in me compassionate wants me to live my best life consistent about the Truth fluid accessible responsive forgiving non judgemental sense of humor. ..Googling the question really got the ball rolling for me. 
Ya read we agnostics and follow the directions in the big book. .Step 2 does not say we define that power only that we be willing to believe that some sort of power may exist.   .The rest of the steps is how we find that power.. .Ten years later I still don't bother defining that power I mean how could I possibly define it. What make my definition of God correct? And others wrong? That is ego to think I would know that and ego is my problem. .  .Get into the big book and do those steps not the ones some random drunk made up who now calls himself your "sponsor" 
Step 2 is not about defining our higher power it's just coming to believe or being willing to believe. ..The Step 2 question. Is on page 47:.&gt; "Do I now believe or am I even willing to believe that there is a Power greater than myself?" As soon as a man can say that he does believe or is willing to believe we emphatically assure him that he is on his way. It has been repeatedly proven among us that upon this simple cornerstone a wonderfully effective spiritual structure can be built.
I think real recovery starts at Step 5. My philosophy is power through 1-3 do the best 4th step you can and do step 5. Check out the 5th step promises; why delay that?  .My first true third step was when I decided to do this deal;  A few weeks later I said the prayer with my sponsor. That experience is not uncommon. You've likely done a third step since you're here. 
My sponsor told me all about HIS concept of a higher power but i was free to take it or leave it i chose to take it though I liked what he had and what he said made sense to me why reinvent the wheel? Sure i made a few changes.  I have also taken much from the many spiritual books i have read and people in the program.
It's been made clear to me that if I am willing to ask for help and look for answers outside of myself on a regular basis I can get better in a way that was not possible when I was trying to do everything on my own. That concept is good enough for me. ..You definitely do not need to be able to "visualize" or even conceive of your higher power in order to move past step two. Are you willing to believe that things can get better if you look to something bigger than yourself for help? Good proceed to step three. It's fine to think about it but if it's causing you grief then the exercise could very well be causing unnecessary harm. 
If I had to see God to stop drinking I would have been seriously screwed.  Fortunately the only requirement was to come to believe that there was a power greater than myself that could restore me to sanity.  I didn't have to see it describe it or understand it I just had to be willing to believe.  ..For me the relationship to Step 1 (my powerlessness over alcohol) made Steps 2 and 3 easier.  If other people had the same addiction and I saw evidence of their recovery there must be a power that could restore them and me.  Besides like your sponsor they told me how they accessed the power.
