-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/akrgpi/just_finished_my_first_and_hopefully_last_detox/

From all the group therapy and experiences from other people suffering from this disease I learned a ton. But now that I am released from inpatient I want to know the best steps to avoid relapse. I still have a huge craving for alcohol but want to make something better of myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

What were your discharge recommendations? How long was inpatient? ..I saw a therapist completed outpatient treatment saw a psychiatrist and got involved in AA. I had no alcohol in my home and didn't go to bars. I didn't hang out with anyone who abused alcohol. I avoided events where drinking is a primary activity like concerts parties and weddings. ..It helped me to remember what happens when I drink. Since I know it will bring misery I don't take the first one. ...
The best steps I found to prevent relapse is 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and working the steps.  If you do that the odds that this will be your only detox rise dramatically. 
All I can give you is my experience. I attended AA meetings every day for about a month. In that time I found a sponsor got service and kept very very busy while I went through the 12 steps. .Step 3 removed the obsession to drink. Step 4 and 5 took all of my guilt shame and pain. I will be 5 years sober in April. .Just keep coming back. 
antabuse worked for me. 
Congrats  Your best Day's lay Ahead  Stick with the Winner's you can't go Wrong 
Detox and treatment facilities are great to medically detox from booze seeing as it is so dangerous to cold turkey. Also the therapy and group sessions you get in rehab are really great as well. But just from my experience when you complete a detox or in patient program I was always like what's the next step? And of course they give you a big list of AA groups maybe a recommendation for intensive out patient and send you out the door. .I always thought surely I'm not spending thousands of dollars for at the end of it for them to say ok now join the fellowship of AA and that's it. .But it's the only thing that's ever kept me sober longer than 30 days and it's free and it works. .You have to remember we are all alcoholics with sick brains at the end of the day so some groups will be different than others. You just have to find one that works for you and it make a little time. .But like it says in the Big Book in Dr. Bob's Nightmare if we put 1/3 the effort into staying sober than we did with drinking we will be amazed with the outcome...Best of luck!
Best steps are the steps... Lol.  .AA 1 to 3 meetings a day for the first 90 days read big book pray (doesn't matter if you believe or not just do it) 
The "best steps" are the 12 steps. I was a a Big Book AA meeting the other night and one of the co-chairs stated "whether you believe or not the steps just work"... this got a lot of resonating shares from the group. Best wishes. 
No AA is not a religious program. If it was I never would have stayed. It's a spiritual program which is a lot different. The universe is my higher power. I pray to that and in that sense the universe is my God or higher power 
I never believed in a high power until I begrudgingly prayed to 'something' and amazing things started to happen. That built my faith :)
