-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/akrtop/i_just_relapsed_and_feel_so_much_shame/

30 days in a rehab and 5 days in detox. I've been home 2 f-ing days and I couldn't stop myself from going to the liquor store. I'm worthless. I'm tired but can't stop 
----------immediate responses--------

Now what?
i used antabuse. worked great. wikipedia. .
Stop right now and start over. You didn't lose anything but a day count. You CAN stop yourself because you didn't drink the first day out. It's not impossible believe me. I'll have 9 years in April and there's days I'm a bigger fuckup than I was when drinking. Hell I hit my worst bottom IN SOBRIETY. ..Get back on the horse you've got shit to do.
Sometimes a relapse is worth it if it convinces us that we can't handle even one drink. Step one is where you're at.
Don't worry about it Mate  Get through the Doors of AA there's Unity there waiting for you  Grab it  
Yes you can stop. ..You are not worthless. You are sick. You are a good person with a bad disease. 
No need to beat yourself up it sounds like you just completed step one in realizing that you are powerless over alcohol and can't stop yourself on will power alone even if you really want to. ..I can't either. I sure as heck have tried that experiment many times. ..It's not because I'm a screw up or bad but because I'm an alcoholic and don't have the power to stop based on a strong desire. I found that lots of other people in AA who drank like me were able to stay sober through following the program...Sometimes they refer to us as  alcoholics of the hopeless variety  but we do recover if we take certain steps. There is hope.
Whenever I did rehabs I'd miss the line about getting involved with the local groups also. Had the illusion that I'd paid some $ and my problem had been effected in some way for the better...But nothing altered except not drinking for a bit which is meaningless as solution for our problem...Avoid wasting any more money on repeat rehabs and begin doing what the last one suggested.
Five things:..Roll out of bed in the morning hit your knees in front of your higher power and pray 'Help me."..Read two pages from the text 'Alcoholics Amonymous'...Go to a meeting..Sometime during the day call a sober member of AA..Before bed hit your knees again and say 'Thank you'...
Nah dude it's all good you're just working on step 1.. .I went to 2 of the top treatment centers in the country I drank the night I left both of them. I spent ten years in and out of the fellowship before I finally got long term sobriety. . .If treatment works and stops you from drinking then you are a moderate or hard drinker as described in the big book. ..   .Apparently you may be an alcoholic of the big book description.    .No human power could relieve our alcoholism.    .At certain times we are without defense against the first drink.   .  .Treatment centers are hard drinkers.  .   .AA is for alcoholics welcome home.  .  .Oh ya after all those attempts at sobriety I finally knew without a shadow of a doubt that I would for sure pick up a drink even though it would kill me I knew I was doomed(step 1) that made me willing to believe (all that's needed for step 2) and I got in my knees and turned my life over to "God" (step 3). .   .I then had to unlearn all the treatment centers plans for sobriety I studied the book and listened to the Joe and Charlie big book study audio and finished the steps with their instructions within the first 3 months then I was chairing newcomers meetings and running big book studies (step 12). .   .I'm sober ten years now have a great life wife kid and I owe it all to AA.  .AA literally saved my life. .  .   .Once you realize that you will drink again unless you get to step 12 that's when you have step 1. Not the treatment center steps or fellowship steps and saying.. Same thing..... But from the big book and only the big book .   ..
If nothing else just read the comments here from people who now have years of sobriety after their own slip-ups. I haven't spoken to many people whose last drink was the last one they took before entering the program. Sure as hell wasn't mine. I can relate to feeling shitty but you're going to get past that. Prepare yourself now for the better days that are coming and know you're always one step away from another Slip-up. Don't fear it or let it fill you with anxiety. Just accept that's how your mind works today. It doesn't have to be like that always though. Get to a meeting give yourself a chance. 
Use the tools your learned  in rehab. Go to a meeting. Your 35-1 that's a winning record. 
aa 2-4 times a week for my first year worked for me.  today i am one year and 2 months sober.  i still go to one meeting a week and its worth it.  rehab is a bandaid solution not a continuous real maintenance program.  i highly suggest AA and learn as much as you can 90 meetings in 90 days.   it works.  that in combination with therapy
