-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/alfa63/ive_been_asked_to_speak/

I'm honored and nervous and excited and humbled. ..I don't want to ramble too long about the war stories but I think they are an important piece on how I got to today. I don't want to harp on the persons that traumatized me but think they are vital to explain the immense healing I'm going through in this moment. I am really in the middle of of my recovery so I don't have a "the end" where everything is all roses and puppies. Im still struggling with my mental addiction; desiring to isolate to blame feel like the world is against me anger immense sadness. ..I'm afraid I won't be able to share a message of hope cause I'm still in the thick of healing. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks for letting me share. 
----------immediate responses--------

1) Just speak from the heart.  Pray right befoe you begin to say something that helps someone. 2) Remember our stories disclose in a general way--key word general. 3) There is no 'end'.  Everything isn't always rosy for anyone I know and I know many in double-digit years and some in multiple decades.  Better? Yes/ Roses and puppies? No that's not real life and recovery is real life. 4) Relax. I have spoken many times and I really believe if you go up after a prayer and with the mindset that you're honest story is going to help someone then you'll do awesome. God bless.
You'll do awesome! I live listening to speakers!
Not to give advice but I would if it were me just have some notes about what it was like what happened and what it's like now - start with the set aside prayer and then set a timer - you'll do great - just hand it over to your higher power and speak from the heart - and use  I  instead of  you  when you talk 
When I was new my only story was ..and then I drank..  and then I drank..  and then I drank.  That's what I shared about because that's all I knew.  6 months sober I had gone through this or dealt with that and stayed sober so it added to my story and so on and so on.  It's our stories that disclose in a general way.  Do it it will be fine and you will gain heaps of reward for it it will feel so awesome afterward and only get easier from then on.  
The AA Basic Text gives us direction on sharing our story:.Our stories disclose in a GENERAL way what we used to be like (Experience) what happened (Strength) and what we are like now (Hope). The directions say we talk only one third about our experience (active use) and two thirds about getting better and how we are doing now. Pretty simple stuff..Unfortunately many people share mostly a drunkalog and 2 minutes about recovery. 
I was asked to speak at a little over a year of sobriety. I had just finished all my steps but was still worried sick about it...I think you're at a great place to speak because you are at the very beginning of your journey. ..Share your experience in the steps and about how it was when you first came into the rooms how you felt and what happened to make you feel a part of the fellowship...Share the strength that you found in the book the steps and the people in the rooms...Share the hope that no one in that room has to ever take another drink again that all the answers are in the program of action outlined in the book Alcoholics Anonymous...I don't like surprises and wanted to write everything down. My sponsor suggested that when I do that I put too much of myself into it. He also suggested I invite my higher power into the room and even saying the 3rd step at the very beginning with everybody. ..Bottom line is you got asked because someone thinks you have the ability to help others with your story so speak from the heart and I'm sure you will DO AMAZING :) ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
You can give the same pitch about how life is so great now but I always appreciate the people who are honest at the podium. There's immense hope in hearing that someone is in the thick of it and pushing forward without picking up a drink.
I've used the 3-3-3 method. Three what is was like three what happened and three what it's like now. I use the remainder of the time talking about the steps. Because that's how I got sober. Always praying first of course  
