-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/alfeu0/no_such_thing_as_rock_bottom_for_me/

I heard at a meeting about a month ago that "there is an infinite amount of pain and suffering waiting for you when you pick up again." Being like most alcoholics I thought I was unique. Sigh. After a few relapses after 14 months sober i went from a "functioning alcoholic" (functioning or not still an alcoholic) to fulfilling all the reservations of "well that never happened to me"... Yet. The yets came true. I ended up in detox last july then rehab and sober living. I still thought I could manage. After moving out of sober living I relapsed again. Then was sober for two weeks and relapsed again. This time I ended up in handcuffs and a pysch hospital for suicidality. Another week sober after that and then I relapsed again. I blacked out in my apartment while drinking alone and woke up in the county jail. Scary stuff. I had to learn the hard way unfortunatley that I indeed am not unique. Ive had jails and institutions and now am looking at jail time for two DUIs in a one week period. With all that being said I guess Im posting this for support from the fellowship of sharing sinilar experiences. Ive accepted my circumstancea but its scary nonetheless. I never thought I'd go to jail. Yet here I am nothing unique about me as I am truly an alcoholic. Im grateful for my time sober and this fellowship. I believe all this pain is temporary so long as I stick with the program and ask for help. Put my ego and pride aside especially when things start to look up. Im one month clean today with a new perspective on my drinking and the damage it causes to my life. Anyone who relates to this feeling and experience please share. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had a whoole bunch of "not yets" happen in the last seven months. I got arrested. I attempted suicide. I got committed to the psych ward. Lost my house. Got divorced. Got fired...I feel like my Higher Power has grabbed me by the shoulders &amp; given me a shaking: "Are you paying attention yet? Are you ready to listen?" ..It's the gift of desperation. No one wants to receive this particular gift; nonetheless some of us apparently need it. 
My first sponsor told me to keep my eyes open and other people would make my slips for me. Everything I've learned since then has confirmed his wisdom...I'm glad you made it back. Looks like you've done a good step one. Keep going!
I only have a few "yets" left but I dont want to get to them. Being arrested and being dead dont sound like fun 
I moved to another city to go to rehab and relapsed last December while in a sober house. I woke up in jail with a second DUI. I've been beating myself up over it and now am struggling to pay a lawyer 300 a month in addition to rent while making 10 bucks an hour when a year ago I was making close to 50k a year before losing that job to the bottle. But I got almost 2 months now and I'm telling myself that drinking again will only add to the shit
I've lost so many things. I've destroyed relationships. I get to see my kid once a week. I got 4 OWIs in the space of 18 months. Kept getting arrested. I went to prison 2x. I wasted 20 years of my life high and drunk. Been evicted too many times to count. That's only the tip of the iceberg. Multiple suicide attempts. And I kept doing it. For 4 more years. Then I was finally tired. I finally let myself feel the guilt and shame and loss. I'm close to 90 days sober. I didn't have a rock bottom something changed. I don't know what or why but it finally did.
You've been very busy. I was that kind of busy too for years when I was doing the in &amp; out thing not plugged in or doing much to recover. Reaching the any lengths point was tedious but I wouldn't have done all the stuff without getting there. So in a way alcohol put me where I could change direction to survive alcoholism. ..&amp;#x200B;..A good thing overall.
Thank you for sharing your story. Maybe it reaches one person and helps them get sober. IWNDWYT friend. 
My doctor warned me that my liver was becoming damaged. I drank anyway now After several bouts of depression and now constant pain in my abdomen.. I've got an ultrasound tomorrow and I'm 4 days sober. I REALLY don't want any permanent damage so I'm out of yets. Hope this $180 appointment tomorrow goes well..
Then STOP DIGGING
Struggling really hard with this now. After 15 years the consequences are really adding up and I still keep going back to that fucking bottle. I am literally going to end up dead and probably soon. Really hope that doesnt become my rock bottom. .
No one ever went back out and said it got better 
If you can't break yourself the system will break you - I promise.   Once you lay down the shovel dump your false pride - you can begin a new life of sobriety in AA - I have witnessed it hundreds of times.  Everyone has a  rock bottom  down there.  If you can't find it someone will find it for you.  That won't be pretty...
