-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/amjgl0/be_my_sponsor/

Will someone be my sponsor? I'm struggling to believe someone would want to help me. I'm coming up on 2 months alcohol clean. I smoke cannabis regurally (I know but please let me stay in AA it helps me not drink and I'm not yet ready to leave myself with nothing. I guess it's hard to fully give up attempt to control. Life is kinda dull still  still feel like I'm not doing enough. New habits are forming. Losing old friends is hard. Just had an old best friend part ways yesterday. Sure had the images of me drinking scrolling thru my mind but I know I don't want that.. sigh. Did smoke to feel less mad or disconnected. How do I be okay feeling mad or sad.  I don't want to drink. I want to heal and move my life forward. 
----------immediate responses--------

What country are you in? ..how long and how much weed do you smoke a day? ..Do you go to alcoholics anonymous meetings if you do how many a week?..Are the Alcoholics Anonymous meetings that you possibly go to have a lot of people your age or not? ..Did you go to a treatment center if so did you complete it if not that's OK you don't have to answer me here you can message me the answer? ..How many times before this time have you tried this stop drinking? .
You are ALWAYS welcome in AA. .  .The ONLY requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. .You don't have to stop smoking weed doing drugs or even stop drinking to be a member of AA. That's a fact don't let anyone tell you different. .  .I know a few guys that did they marijuana maintenance for a year or two then eventually gave that up as well. Not me personally but I don't judge. . .If you want a sponsor I'd highly recommend going to a big book meeting and putting it out there. Share it with the room that you need a sponsor likely someone will offer. Or if you have a local group you like you can ask the secretary after the meeting of they can help hook you up. The secretary has the member list and may be able to connect you.. .Keep coming back... Always 
If you want what we have and are willing TO GO TO ANY LENGTHS TO GET IT then you are ready to take certain steps...Obviously what you have isn't working. Yet you put on demands. Alcoholics Anonymous isn't Burger King. Having it your way (which isn't working). If you continue to do what you always did you'll get what you always got. 
Believe it or not sponsors get more out of sponsoring someone than the person they sponsor does. ..My sobriety is dependent on helping others...If you approach someone who looks happy at a meeting they will want to help you or find someone who can help you.
Well OK I guess I'm glued to my phone on my days off anyway I don't really want to be a sponsor to somebody that still smoking pot but I'll be a sounding board for you you see what marijuana does is it clouds your vision you think you're thinking correctly but in reality you're thinking a drug induced thought I know it calms you down I know it makes you think that everything is going to be OK I know it calms you down when you have the urge to drink but let me tell you little secret buy yourself a 12 pack of Coca-Cola classic and buy yourself about a dozen snickers bars with the snickers bars in the freezer and put the Coke in the refrigerator every time you get an urge to drink go and chug a Coke and eat a snickers bar find yourself some meetings to go to and don't say anything introduce yourself if you're called on and say yeah I'm here to listen  90 meetings in 90 days don't worry about who's there don't look around to try and make buddies go to the meetings to try and listen to people in there hope their strength and their struggles ..If you have somewhere where you can hide a journal then start a journal on your thoughts take five minutes in the morning and write down how you feel take five minutes at night and write down how you feel the reason I ask if you can hide it is because if you can hide it then you'll be more comfortable to be honest in the journal and that's what we're shooting for honesty in the journal if you have a car maybe you could put the journal in the trunk of the car in a sack and adjust the times so you don't look so weird going out to the car at night and going out to the car in the morning but take the journal with you if you have a car that way you never have to worry about somebody finding it and you can be very honest the journal is not for anybody else but for yourself if you write something in the journal that you absolutely do not want anybody to see then don't leave it in the journal rip it out and burn it after you have written it ..I think you said that you read the big book or you read the big book or you read a little bit of it have you read the part about acceptance?..I think it's on page 449 of the second addition it's around that area it starts off by saying an acceptance is the answer to all of my problems anytime I feel the problem that's an acceptable to me and then I don't remember the rest but I could get my big book and find it anyway read that part about acceptance try to read it in the morning try to think on that during the day because acceptance is going to be your biggest friend ..Have you did the first step yet? ..I apologize that I don't have any punctuation in my words but I'm not educated I hope you can understand my words ..Can I ask you something why why do you want to get sober?
Harder to ask in person than on Reddit but it's the way to go if you've had enough. Getting loaded instead of drunk works for a while but is a half-measure and fails eventually. ..Why not change things for yourself and go first class?
