-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/amxatr/sharing_steps_4_5/

Hi all..I've been through the 12 steps a few times now with less and less relapses in between and have 433 days sober. I am working my step 4 and this time I want to share my step 5 with you all to mix it up a bit. So thank you for reading and support. I notice my 4th step inventory gets shorter and shorter every time so that's good...Resentments:..I am resentful at: Mr. and Mrs. H...Why am I angry?: I am offended when they talk negatively about me and my family members. They are gossips...What part of self or hurt was threatened?: Self esteem pride emotional security personal relations...Where was I to blame?: Selfish self seeking frightened inconsiderate...Fears: #1..What am I afraid of? My higher power is God...Why? To turn my will and life over to Him. I still want some control...Which Part of Self Have I Been Relying On Which Has Failed me? Self reliance self will...What Part of Self Does The Fear Affect? Self Esteem self worth emotional security personal relations...Fears: #2..What I am afraid of? Extended family members...Why: Afraid they will say something to upset my emotional well being or something offensive...Which Part of Self Have I Been Relying On Which Has Failed me? Self Esteem self worth self reliance self will...What Part of Self Does The Fear Affect? Self Esteem self worth emotional security. personal relations...I also struggle with selfishness and serving others outside my recovery groups. I isolate and avoid opportunities to serve others.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!! I can certainly identify.
Really grateful for this! Working on my 4th so I could use all this wisdom. Thank you for sharing 
" In dealing with resentments we set them on paper. We listed people institutions or principles with whom we were angry. We asked ourselves why we were angry. In most cases it was found that our self-esteem our pocketbooks our ambitions our personal relationships.65..(including sex) were hurt or threatened. So we were sore. We were  burned up.''.On our grudge list we set opposite each name our injuries. Was it our self-esteem our security our ambitions our personal or sex relations which had been interfered with?".  .  ." Referring to our list again. Putting out of our minds the wrongs others had done we resolutely looked for our own mistakes. Where had we been sel sh dishonest self-seeking and frightened?".  ." We reviewed our fears thoroughly. We put them on paper even though we had no resentment in connection with them. We asked ourselves why we had them. Wasn't it because self-reliance failed us?". .  .And more in the book. .  .It's funny because people love to complicate the shit out of the steps especially step 4.  . .The step 4s I did in treatment and with fellowship sponsor who grabbed this guide and that guide all ok overloaded me with irrelevant information. The steps out of the big book were nice and simple and benefitted me immensely. Like got and kept me sober....yehaw..  .  .Thanks for sharing .
I like the step 4 prayer. It works really well when I take a resentment against someone and cannot see my part in it apart from me being unable to forgive them for being spiritually sick themselves. I find if I pray for them to receive God's will every day for a month the resentment goes.
