-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ana5a4/i_have_no_idea_trigger_warning/

Im 28. my mom died in a crash that I am still injured from. Im so sorry but I was struggling before but I really need help. honestly I don't know if I am ready for real life meetings but I'd like something now.
----------immediate responses--------

What is it about meetings that makes you feel like you're not ready? If you have questions about what to expect we can answer them if that will make you feel more comfortable...Remember that attending a meeting does not mean you are obligated to do or say anything. You can show up sit in the back and just listen if you want. You don't have to say anything you don't have to call yourself an alcoholic you don't have to give them money or anything and you never have to go back if you don't want to.
I'm glad you're here. Do you have a big book?
I just kinda wish I had someone I could text to talk me out of drinking away my feelings if that makes sense? Like I lost my gf job and mom in the same year so I don't wanna be dependent I guess.
And I've looked up meetings so idk if my town even has them lol.
I don't sweat from anticipatory anxiety except for my first AA meetings well also once from watching the movie 'Fatal Attraction'..It isn't just going into a room of strangers its that your being there is an admission an admission before strangers of sorts. 
If you need someone to talk to about anything relating to your crash the loss of your mother or your drinking I assure you there are people in meetings of AA that will listen to you. If you are afraid of opening up at a meeting consider going and listening and finding someone who you think you can trust and just confide in them. You might also want to consider therapy. I lost my mother to a car crash as well and therapy has been helpful in my grieving process. Whatever you do you must know that a drink is not going to solve your problem. You can't escape them forever from having a drink only temporarily. I must say for me getting open and honest in meetings about things in my life that I've kept guarded or been afraid to talk about has actually really helped me and people have expressed to me that it has helped them too. It's okay to feel how you feel and there are many of us in recovery who have felt how you feel and who want to help you if you let us...&amp;#x200B;
ITR ......intherooms.com .....online video meetings
