-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/anvw2q/feeling_uncomfortable_in_aa/

So basically a little background. I'm 24 male. I was introduced to AA about 2.5 years ago but only really stuck around for about 3 months out of those 2.5 years. Basically it all came down to just being unwilling and coming to the conclusion that  this program would not help me. But also it was just fear. The program forced me to confront my fears sober and that was enough to scare me away and of course I was so miserable trying to do it my way.  Some of those  big fears are the fear of people not liking me and not fitting in and the fear of not being good enough and not having anything to offer. Just lots of social fears. Very self centered fears that have always just consumed me and a big reason I started using and drinking in the first place. I thought found the cure lol. But anyway my life became so unmanageable that I finally came back a few weeks ago and I've really just dove in started working the steps with a sponsor (just finished the other day) and being of service and in just this short time I've seen what just being willing and making that effort can do for me. Saying yes to Gods will and no to mine finally and I see it working. The thing I'm struggling with now is just being uncomfortable and afraid. The same feeling thats made me leave all those other times in the past. I see everybody in the program just so at peace and so out of themselves and having a great time and I want that so bad. I'm still so consumed with myself and living with those fears and it's making me feel like shit about myself and more hopeless. And I know I'm probably just being impatient selfish and egotistical just wanting and deserving these results all at once in just a short amount of time but I'm curious if anyone out there can relate to this and if so how do you get through it? Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Ime everyone wants to be weller than they are. Give it time and keep trudgin'.
I also feel this way socially in AA.  I'm socially awkward sober which is where my drinking started also. I have a sponsor and I love talking to her and I sit with her in my meetings but I know I can't follow her around like a puppy dog forever. Like for me to  fellowship  before and after meetings was more uncomfortable than doing my 4th and 5th step. That's weird to me. I question my shares and I always think I sound stupid when I talk. I just literally do not know how to function sober. I'm only 60 days right now so maybe that's why. I'm just trying to push myself to be uncomfortable so maybe I'll get more used to it eventually 
It helped me to stop comparing myself to others. Seeing a therapist was also beneficial. You haven't been sober very long have you? ..Other people are not paying attention to us. Most people are focused on themselves and their own problems. ..You are young and impatient this is true. This is an opportunity for you to learn. 
Absolutely I can relate. And just a side note: It's a dangerous game judging your insides by other people's outsides. I guarantee a lot of people can relate to you. Just keep it up. One day at a time!
Stop thinking and start listening. This is a program for people that want it not that need it. 
You're acting and thinking like a drunk. Yes you belong.  Relax and trust in the process.
The real question is  how badly do you want to stop drinking?  For me nothing ever worked for long except to AA.   I am OK with AA but it took a lot of ego smashing - getting over being so damn special..
Everything about AA has been uncomfortable for me but I'm 6 months sober on Friday so I keep going back.
Bottles were but a symbol liquor was but a symptom--we had to get down to causes and conditions.  You are pretty much like everyone else I know including myself.  The problem of the alcoholic lies in their mind.  Fear is what we work on and it gets better.  I hope you'll jump in get a sponsor who is strong in the Big Book and work at it--I'm convinced you'll be glad you did.
I'm socially shy also so I totally understand how you're feeling. As you continue to do it it does get a little easier. When I get uncomfortable taking the suggestions I try to remember that that's good. When I do thinks I'm comfortable doing I'm doing the things I did when I was drinking.
I've been sober 5.25 years today. In the beginning I listened a lot and spoke a little. I went to meetings at a club 4-5 days a week. I noticed the friendships others had but didn't feel part of that. My sponsor got me through the action steps but we were not friends. Today I count these people as my truest allies. I don't see them outside meetings but they would be there at the drop of a hat if I needed them. We were reminiscing tonight at a meeting about who was at whose first meeting and how far we have all come. Give yourself a break. The comfortableness of AA will embrace you eventually.
What's up man do you have young people's aa meetings in your city? Hit those up and meet people. It might take you a long time to kind of break into the social circle but just keep coming back you'll feel at home after a while. 
I can relate. For me I suffer from  grave emotional and mental disorders  as it talks about in chapter 5. One of them is low self-esteem. I decided to get professional help from a therapist. So far so good!
