-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aogj38/does_anyone_else_feel_constant_pressure_to_drink/

I'm a 28 yr old female and everyone is drinking or wants to go to a brewery or a bar. ..I don't want to be isolated alone but it's just in my face all the time. Which is why I keep relapsing. Then once I relapse I just say oh fuck it and have a huge bender.  
----------immediate responses--------

Who is everyone? Your friends? Ask them to do something non-drinking related for a change. Go out to dinner perhaps? If they're not down they're A) not very good friends and B) probably alcoholics themselves. ..It was suggested to me to not go to bars in my first 90 days. You can say to them I'm not really feeling this plan right now. Find some new friends in AA.. do something new. Take on a hobby. ..People places and things should be avoided especially for someone just starting out on this journey. 
I used to. I found the solution by diving into AA going to 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and working the steps. 
Not anymore. Most of my friends are in recovery and we do things other than go to places where people expect to drink.....Have you read the book? It tells us not to go to slippery places unless we have actual business being there.
I got sober when I was 26 (also female) so I understand. I had to stop socializing with friends who were going to bars and drinking all the time. It sucked but in order to be successful I had to change my habits and priorities. Go to more meetings. Find meetings where there are a lot of young people. You will make new friends and you will have fun in sobriety I promise.   Some of the best times of my life were in my first few years of sobriety with sober friends!  You're worth it! You can do it!
I'm 31 and live in a mid size city that has a lot of focus on breweries/cocktail bars and a big drinking culture in general.  Most of my friends are either not married or married but no kids so they just assume meeting at a bar is the easiest go to for entertainment/hang out time on weekends.  This does suck sometimes.  I was very lonely for the first few months when I felt like I was always stuck on the couch every weekend with the knowledge that my friends were trying the latest hipster cocktail bar. ..Now I reach out to those friends and offer to meet for lunch or coffee or go for a hike or a movie.  I've been really surprised that most of them are just as up to go try the newest tea or coffee shop or explore a hiking trail with the dogs and spend time with each other that way.  In sobriety I've been forced to find non-drinking things in my city and I never realized before but there's actually a ton of activities and places that aren't dedicated entirely to drinking! I've also made efforts to make new friends through sober activities.  I joined a fitness cult and I am meeting friends there.  I also go to AA at least three times a week and have made friends close to my age through the program.  ..Some weekend nights do really suck still and I miss it but then I play the tape forward and it's just not worth it.  Plus I always feel so grateful when I wake up in the morning and am hangover free.
I have used getting sober as an opportunity to evaluate my relationships and the ways I spend my time. One of my triggers for drinking is boredom or discomfort around people. I stopped hanging out with a lot of people because I realized I only enjoyed their company as an excuse to get shit-faced. ..My current inner circle are actually relatively heavy drug users but the reason it works is that I feel like they respect my choice to stay sober and are always willing to do whatever activities I want that don't involve drugs or alcohol. ..Can you directly tell your friends that you want to hang out still but can you do activities together that don't revolve around the bar scene? Is it possible to invite friends over to hang out and watch a movie go to a museum together or play games or make artwork?..
I feel no pressure at all ever. But I am 48. ..Adults seem to grow out of the  ya gotta do shots bro !  thing. If they don't...still children in my eyes. 
