-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aogjdl/position_on_cbd/

It's everywhere now. You can buy CBD chocolates at every corner deli. Does AA have an official position on CBD? If not what do people think? Is this a mind or mood altering substance? Is rubbing CBD cream on a sore shoulder a relapse? 
----------immediate responses--------

I can't speak for any official AA position but AA does state that it has no opinions on outside issues. Anything other than alcohol is considered an outside issue and AA officially neither endorses nor opposes any causes. 
AA has no opinion on outside issues...*My* opinion is why? I'm learning to live life on life's terms without a mood- or mind-altering substance in my system. Maybe some people wouldn't relapse but I could see it being like drinking a near beer; "oh this is safe why not do xyz?" Because as an alcoholic I always want more...I'm just not sure why anyone would put themselves in that position.  \\_( )_/ 
Personally I think sobriety is different for everybody. From my viewpoint rubbing CBD oil on a sore knee is no different than taking Tylenol for a headache or rubbing Icy Hot on something sore. Or even taking Benadryl for allergies. ..But if you're afraid it would have adverse effects on your sobriety don't use it. However there is no THC in it so you won't get high. But the placebo effect is a powerful thing...so go with your best judgement.
Who cares what AA thinks?  I take CBD with less than 0.3% THC...My friend is against me taking Wellbutrin as an antidepressant because he used to crush it and snort it as a poor man's cocaine. ..I know someone in AA who takes WAY too much Klonopin because locals in my area say anything a doctor gives you is okay.  My sponsor said that's her choice and I make make my own choices about medication.
People love to get super legalistic about these kinds of things sometimes. I haven't used CBD oil although from what I understand of it I wouldn't have any issues with it. If I were to knowingly ingest something with the intent of it getting me drunk/high to me that violates my sobriety. If I use something that eases pain in the normal medical sense like aspirin or Icy Hot I can't see how that's a problem at all. I think there would be more of a problem with drinking caffeine or using tobacco right?
I would not use CBD unless I was under a doctors care and had an aliment it was prescribed for. I'm very cautious with any over the counter meds. The near beer thing is just dumb. I have no idea why someone would drink that. Seems like an unnecessary risk. If you drink a 12 pack of it you will get a head change.
What are people's thoughts on using an over the counter Melatonin supplement as a sleep aid? 
There are official AA positions that come out in approved literature and then there is strong opinions held by people who attend AA. That AA meetings ought be self supporting and decline outside contributions is an example of an official position. AA members ought to refrain from starting new romantic relationships is an example of a frequently held opinion...AA as a whole isn't big on centralized authority. Some meetings and clusters of meetings are big on local authority and promulgate all sorts of rules and positions...I believe individuals get to decide what constitutes sobriety but other individuals might find your individual sobriety definitions illegitimate. If someone told me sobriety meant no liquor but beer was OK I'd find that to whacky to take seriously...I've heard members assert even in meetings that people on antidepressants aren't sober. For the most part I don't tell people what constitutes sobriety for them. I also don't tell people rules like they can't date for the first year but if I sponsor somebody I discuss topics like that in a guideline manner...I do suggest not  discussing meds or non-alcohol substance use with most people in AA as the usual result is controversy and bad feelings. I am not promulgating a rule here or stating any official opinions just stating what works for me...For myself I'm not doing any of the quasi-legal substances like CBD kratom or phenibut. I don't have a position that other people are relapsing by using them either.
I worked too hard to find some clarity by not drinking to cloud it up with something else. 
