-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aooxx1/drank_a_sip_of_alcohol_by_mistake/

Im at a get together at a friends house and i put down my cup of coke on a table for a moment and when i picked it back up and took a sip i realized that i took the wrong cup and it was rum and coke. I've been clean for 2 years and i hadn't had anything since. Thankfully it was only a small sip but im freaking out and my heart is pumping like crazy... would this be considered a relapse? 
----------immediate responses--------

No it was an honest mistake.  Your gonna. E ok. 
No. But if you are feeling upset or anxious I suggest you step out and call your sponsor and or leave.
Leave. Pray. Call your sponsor. ..Did you drink it or spit it out? I'm asking because it's important to be honest with yourself about your intentions.
That happened to me on year two with warm apple cider.  That was nearly three years ago. Still sober. I didn't get joy I got heathy fear from that single sip. And that single sip didn't lead to stealing others drinks to take more sample sips and then trying to taste other beverages and that slippery slope.  ..If you talk to your sponsor or bring it up at a meeting you'll get tons of interesting stories and feedbacks. 
This happened to me at about two years sober. I was at a wedding and I mistook my friend's glass of white wine for my glass of sparkling water. As soon as I tasted it I spit it back into the glass and told my friend she should probably get a new glass of wine! I have never considered that a relapse because it was unintentional and I experienced no positive effects (or any effect at all).
A relapse is a  mental decision  to drink alcohol...Yours sounds definitely not a relapse...Same happened to me and I felt the same way but my sponsor at the time got me to do a quick inventory and that put my mind at peace...Drinking alcohol with intent is a relapse..
First of all don't take internet people's opinion as gospel.  Call your sponsor and other people in the program and talk to them about it.  The last people I'd be asking is a bunch of strangers on the internet who don't know me...Second intent plays a huge role.  By the sounds of it it was an honest mistake.  Now if you went back for seconds then there's a problem...Third if you feel like you need to change your sobriety date over it then so be it.  It's just a date.  Who gives a shit about a date.  We put too much importance on how long someone has been sober when the importance should be where are you at in your steps....Fourth pray.
Some sound advise has been written. I'd freak if it were me but that's me. Call your sponsor. Good luck. 
Sobriety is as much about your mental status as it is physically not drinking in my opinion. You didn't make a choice to drink so I wouldn't worry about it! Most of us as you see from the responses have accidentally ingested alcohol one or a few times in sobriety since it is so damn pervasive in our society. I drank an entire cup of punch not realizing that it was the alcoholic version when I had specifically asked for the virgin one the kids were drinking!! It happens  
Can totally identify with your anxiety over this! But it's certainly not a relapse.
I've never done this but I have gotten alcohol by surprise in food three times now. Honest mistakes where I was not informed what exactly it was ahead of eating it.  I survived. To thine own self be true. 
Nah you're good OP. Just talk about it with your sponsor and friends. Dont keep it a secret.  
FREELAPSE!!
Don't worry about it. This has happened to a lot of sober people. Drinking with intent to drink alcohol is what would constitute a relapse. 
Don't worry about it. This has happened to a lot of sober people. Drinking with intent to drink alcohol is what would constitute a relapse. 
Don't worry about it. This has happened to a lot of sober people. Drinking with intent to drink alcohol is what would constitute a relapse. 
No you're cool.  Lesson learned about being careful in certain situations.  Carry on.
Alcohol is a subtle foe! It scares me to think about not being spiritually fit at the moment I accidentally sip alcohol which is always possible.
