-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ap0v6h/38_years_just_too_dumb_to_quit/

Hey.....I've been kinda getting a feeling for this group and I've been reading most of the posts here but I feel I'm where I should be to finally put it out there. Im not struggling with the fact that I have an addiction to alcohol but I struggle with finality of letting it go. I feel like it's such a part of who I am and I'm a sick way the glue that holds my marriage together. But at the same time it's ripping us apart. ..I've been to treatment twice but it didn't work out  both times. Mostly due to me but I'm thinking my home life probably had a hand in my failure as well. My wife drinks but she's able to shut it down. I love her but we have decided to separate over this affliction...this constant. ..I've never reached out online and I've kinda scared of the what might be said. I feel lost. Any advice is more than welcome...Thanks.....
----------immediate responses--------

If you want to stop drinking and can't do it in your  own AA has a way. 
Look up AA meetings in your area. Go to one of them. Tell people you're new and ask them to tell you how they got sober. It's worked for many of us and it can work for you too.
I had it very difficult to let it go for the same reasons you are mentioning. It was a very scary thought. The best feeling was that I only had to be sober today - just these 24 hours (and it's actually only 16 since I sleep those other 8) and one day at a time with the help of AA I learned how to live deal with issues celebrate overcome fear anger without booze it is absolutely worth it. I was surprised how welcomed I felt in the meetings. I hope you find the eay that is best for you!
"Too dumb to quit".  .  .I've never seen anyone come to AA that was too dumb to quit I sure as shit met lots that were too smart! (or so they thought).  .    .I've been to treatment twice the top centers in north America one for 90 days the other for 54 days I drank the day I was released both times. .    .   .Absolutely no one but ME can make me drink.     . .Absolutely no one can stop me from drinking.   .. That is the same for almost every alcoholic. .   .   .Once I took full responsibility for my life. Stopped blaming others for my problems which is super common for alcoholics and got sober for me and only me that's when it finally stuck.  .I got right in the middle of AA did the steps/program and just gave it everything I had.  .Full out AA like 1 to 2 meetings reading big book calling sponsor service work exercise calling other alcoholics every day is still WAAAAYYY easier than going back to treatment which didn't work anyways.  .  .   .I hope you find your way. Just because you failed to stay sober out of treatment doesn't mean you'll fail in AA but if you do try again... I relapsed probably 20 times in the fellowship before I finally got sober for a decade. .     .Welcome back to AA! ..
&gt;I struggle with finality of letting it go...The finality is very reversible. Alcohol is way to available for it to be otherwise. You quit drinking and through AA and other methods you are free of  compulsion to drink. Finality isn't the issue. If you want to get to a way of living that isn't centered on alcohol move forward on that. If you decide you prefer drunkenness later on nothing stands in your way to go back.
Hi ManiacMe I just wanted you to know that I'm here if you ever want to talk I have 1 year of sobriety.  Thank you for posting because it helps me stay sober.  Good luck!
I quit at 38. 
I felt exactly the same as you.  Alcohol killed my first marriage.  I used to believe drinking was a part of my being (drank alcoholically for 30 years) and now I wouldn't want to sacrifice the many blessings of sobriety for whatever small temporary relief might be left in a bottle.  I no longer have any interest or desire to drink.  The mental obsession has been removed and now sobriety and recovery are part of my being - my true being.  Before my brain was just deluded by the disease.
So much courage to post here. You will find a lot of comfort and support. What questions do you have? We can help! Sending you hugs.
There's not really a finality to it if you just focus on getting to bed sober today.  One day at a time .  As cliche as it is it is true. ..I've been to treatment a few times and it never stuck because I was doing it for others or to get out of legal trouble. AA did work though. Saved and improved my life more than I could have dreamed. If you want to get to bed sober today it could be this way with you as well. 
The only way to save your marriage is to save yourself and AA can definitely help with that. You aren't dumb you've probably just made mistakes and are trapped in an addiction. Everyone in AA has been in that boat...Most of us go in struggling with the finality but once you get going you start to realize that finality doesn't exist. It's tough to explain but trust another alcoholic on this :)
Doesn't appear to be quality glue at this point. I think what you probably mean is the good times you had together included drinking until the drinking problems overrode the positives. ..If you can stay stopped it should be obvious to you that removing the drinking negatives will allow further good times. Most of us can't do that without help for long at a time. Don't be too dumb to seek out what you need to live differently and better. ..Nobody wants to go to lots of meetings understand more about the problem and resolve their past so they can stay in emotional balance and lose the need for alcohol. Some of us do it anyway.
My father was basically a  good guy  in that he treated me well and was responsible all of his life.   BUT he was an untreated periodic drunk.   He died at 85 on his terms.  I would say that he lived a pretty happy life although the drink caused a lot of upheaval in his family life.   I stuck with him although 4 wives chose not to...He was my fishing buddy but I did not want to mirror his life.  I sought out AA when I was 33.  That did not interfere with our relationship at all.  He drank - I chose not to.   He did life  his way - I am doing it mine .  Point is that I am now almost 78.  Looking back I would say that my life has been a bit better than his was - but it is not a great contrast.   He spent his life making money and being drunk off and on.   I spent my life being sober in AA and focusing on AA.  He was a lot richer than me in dollars but I will die with a lot more people around who care.  Take your choice..
I just wanted to thank all of you for the kind words and some of you for the kick in the ass I needed. I'm figuring out my 90 in 90 and also my marriage. I feel I have to go. I love her with everything I have but I don't feel it's reciprocated.anymore.  She's an amazing person but she's not for me anymore I guess. I'm going to start AA in Oshawa and reach out to fellow members. Im scared I'm powerless but I'm not defeated. 
