-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apl74y/just_finished_my_first_amends_breathes_sigh_of/

Sometimes I struggle with being in this fellowship. I struggle to go to as many meetings nowadays. Don't ask me about my reading the literature I am on a break far too long at the moment. But I am almost nine and a half months sober and it's very several emotions. It is hard standing up and admitting the mistakes that I made when I was drinking and using. I feel so low with the shame and guilt of it all sometimes. Earlier today i spent about ten minutes in a deep wallow and I was haunted by things from the past. One or two things in particular in my mind that just linger and lurk during play and at work all. of. the. time. I try thought management and to actively push these memories away alas. After the deep wallow I decided to inverse it and do the same exercise 10 minutes but not a negative wallow this time - a positive one. so I plucked and dragged kicking and screaming memories of good things I've done and ways I've been a decent person in the past and I remind myself that I'm not so bad. I'm not all bad. I've made stupid fucking mistakes. They're in the past. I'm not absolving myself of anything but I'm not writing myself off as a failure or a fuck-up-fool for the rest of my life. This is fixable. It's not beyond repair. p.s. Amends went better than expected will keep it private feel lighter now trembling with excited relief aw man
----------immediate responses--------

Man.  I'm just 6.5 months but have these feelings as well.  Such a timely post.  Today was one of those days where the self hate consumed me...Thank you for sharing.
thank you for sharing I struggle w guilt and shame and a couple of lingering thoughts that feel like they never go away. 
This is beautiful. Thanks for sharing. ..IWNDWYT 
Proud of you friend. Keep on trudging.       
Love this share! Thank you!
I'm glad you opted to meditate on things you've done well in life. We need to remember not to wallow in self-pity and remorse!..On that note a thought for the day:..&amp;#x200B;..\&gt;If temperamentally we are on the depressive side we are apt to be swamped with guilt and self-loathing. We wallow in this messy bog often getting a misshapen and painful pleasure out of it. As we morbidly pursue this melancholy activity we may sink to such a point of despair that nothing but oblivion looks possible as a solution. Here of course we have lost all perspective and therefore all genuine humility. For this is pride in reverse. This is not a moral inventory at all; it is the very process by which the depressive has so often been led to the bottle and extinction...&amp;#x200B;..\[...\]..&amp;#x200B;..\&gt;\[...\] \[Our sponsors\] comfort the melancholy one by showing him that his case is not strange or different that his character defects are probably not more numerous or worse than those of anyone else in A.A. \[...\] The sponsor probably points out that the newcomer has some assets that can be noted along with his liabilities. This tends to clear away morbidity and encourage balance. As soon as he begins to be more objective the newcomer can fearlessly rather than fearfully look at his own defects...&amp;#x200B;..\~Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions pages 45 and 46..&amp;#x200B;..Sometimes we have to get back to the basics. I'm the depressive alcoholic. I want to think and constantly prove that I am lower than whale shit. However if I allow myself to wallow I'm no longer useful to God or my fellows. So keep meditating on your good qualities too it will help you moving forward!
I feel like one of the most important amends we can make is with ourselves. We need to forgive ourselves first before we are able to accept forgiveness from others we have wronged. Keep up the good work buddy  
The difficulty you guys are having? You should NOT BE DOING THE STEPS ALONE! Your sponsor should be with you helping you make your 4th step list. They should be helping you figure out what amends you need to make and at least be available to talk if not go with you to make these amends. No wonder you are going through so much turmoil and it's no wonder so many people don't do the steps. The spiritual awakening of the steps is essential for long term recovery
Woo boo!
I love that feeling of relief that comes after we realize we aren't broken and piles of garbage but we are human. Then we can grow!!! Keep moving forward my friend. :)
Wow I relate so much to your post - I am almost at 9 months just did my 1st amends yesterday and sometimes struggle with meeting / fellowship too. Great job and thank you for sharing.
Congrats to you! That's a big one!
I love the way you've shown your thought process here. That's so helpful to other alcoholics/addicts. Try and get to a meeting and share this you'll be helping other alcoholics...Don't forget you don't only need a meeting the meeting NEEDS YOU! 
Congrats progress not perfection!
