-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apn626/struggling_with_my_identity/

I wasn't sure if I should post this here but I don't even know where else to post it. I'm currently 2 months sober. I had an 8 month  relapse  after 20 months of sobriety from 2016-2018. In the process of my last run I drove my now ex GF into the ground got kicked out of her house and have been unemployed for a while now. I formed so much of my identity through that relationship and the home and life we were building. Looking even further into my past I've done the same in other relationships and I've also built my identity through external or material things such as the car I drove the job I had the place I lived the style of clothes I wore etc. Truth is I have no clue who I am. As a kid and adolescent I was a great athlete and student with tons of hobbies and interests. In my teens and 20's I quit sports immersed myself in drug and alcohol culture and got into several unhealthy relationships. I've really lost myself along the way. Currently I have a sponsor a hg and I'm working the steps and going to 7-10 meetings a week. I start a new job in the coming days. Im staying at a friend's house until I can find a new apartment. I'm coming to believe I'm right where I need to be to accept the spiritual tools of this program because I see very clearly my will has not produced successful results but I'm full of fear and guilt. I don't know who I am anymore. I don't care about a lot of the things I used to care about. I deactivated or deleted all of my social media. I'm lonely and insecure. It's a strange place. I'm just reaching out for help. Maybe someone has experienced similar problems when getting sober and can help me? ..TLDR: lost my identity after years of drinking/drug abuse and failed relationships and now I don't know who I even am or what I'm supposed to do with my life.  
----------immediate responses--------

We have a saying 'the only thing that has to change is everything'...Sounds like you're on the right path the right people will be put in your way at the right time.  
I can totally relate.  I pray daily for my HP to expose my true being.  Slowly it has been revealed that my mission in life is to serve others by relieving pain.  Beyond that I have few clues.  My anniversary coin reads "To thine own self be true."  My challenge is to discover that true self.
Holy shit can I relate. .  .I feel like a chameleon. . .I even became captain recovery in AA.  .Now I'm married with a kid and my wife is a  complete liar and dry drunk. I put everything into this relationship. We moved towns multiple times and I lost track of all my friends in and out of AA. The close friends I had from AA are either dead from relapses out drinking or don't care to continue a long distance relationship.  .So now I'm faced with divorce I keep trying to make it work but she doesn't give a shit literally her way or the hwy. .I have no one.  .I have no idea who I am. .I have no idea what I'll do.  .Ive been beaten down so much in life.  .Abused childhood and PTSD. .Alcohol and drugs have almost killed me so many times.  .I've had over 50 jobs and multiple failed businesses. .I've tried everything it seems and no matter how hard I try or how many different things I try failure seems gauranteed.   .I'll end up alone just me no identity or friends or career.    .No loved ones family or friends.   .Starting over again.  .Just to fail all over again.   .At what point do I just give up. .  .I guess I should be grateful for the opportunity to have another shot at life but Im not. .  .Sorry I usually try and help people with my experiences. But I also tell the truth. .I guess I'm saying you're not alone my friend life is tough sobriety is harder and relationships are the hardest.   .If you figure it out let me know.   .God bless    .
Your a drunk..Your nobody..Let a connection with a power greater than yourself show you who you need to be..Quit fighting
This is normal. You're changing everything and now you're starting from ground zero. If you're doing it right you should feel lost...What I have to do is take it one day at a time. Otherwise I feel overwhelmed. I take it one day at a time because this is a lifelong pursuit. I don't just wake up one day and I'm complete. I'm going to be changing and growing for the rest of my life...You're okay right where you're at right now.
My identity came back over time. Aa meditation therapy all seem to help. The ego is essentially your identity. 
