-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aponge/day_one_my_personal_ground_hog_day/

Hi..&amp;#x200B;..I just wanted to say what's up to and reach out for support within a community who can relate to  my struggle with drinking...&amp;#x200B;..I've been here so many times day one week one even made it 3-4 months at one stage but I keep getting weak or tricked by my addictive voice - always with an excuse to drink again...&amp;#x200B;..I'm hurting a lot ... slight withdrawals but nothing unbearable an undeniable sense of loneliness despite having some good friends who are supportive of my efforts...&amp;#x200B;..I pray to the universe God Buddah - whatever higher power there s to lead me to surrender. Lead me to a place I let go of trying to control drink / drugs. I just want some peace. I never want to drink again...&amp;#x200B;..Gnarly..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Hey gnarly. Heres a lil story to keep you motivated. Im me had some time lost it relapse city got some time again. ..And then there's my bro. He put things down one a time and now is clean and sober idk 15/16 years! He never lost faith in me. And i kept trying. ..This weekend we went to a festival saturday - danced for 6 hours to some 90s grunge/metal mob. Then sunday another festival and danced for 3hrs to glorious tribal funk skater stuff. ..Both of us are too old for that but we don't care. The moral is - not drinking gives me the freedom to do that.  And my brother wife n kids n management job aside is still his awesome punkass self. ..Im home again tired and refreshed and committed to sober life afresh and anew. Its a struggle for me different to my brother because he has a big family support environment. But im going to keep trying. ..Because day 1 is the worst and it actually does get better. And however you want your sober life to look like you really can do it. If someone had said 16 yrs ago that my lil jailbird bro would be where he is at today and i would have the money to fly interstate for a weekend i would not have believed them. ..But it is possible. Your sobriety is a gift of possibilities - all the best mate!!
Each day will be a little easier than the day before. Don't stretch out the time before you're in a meeting meeting people and getting numbers. You'll need the support before you're aware you need it.
Glad you're back. Keep coming  
My sponsor gave me an exercise where he made me list out all of my personal 'symptoms' of this 3-fold disease (the physical allergy spiritual defect and mental obsession)...The thing is - these things are a cycle and there are 2 endings for me: death or spiritual intervention...I've 'gone' to meetings too. I've also been 'sober' (physically NOT mentally) for months too...But this time is so darn different because for the first time I became entirely and completely honest open and WILLING. It may be a chore at first but it will all click if you let it and embrace it...Again in MY experience. Even if you think you're embracing it some people get caught in the steps 1-3 'tango' and resist the real work in steps 4-12..
Breaking my cycle of drinking being hungover and repeating was hard but the journey has been so worth the effort. Best wishes. 
