-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/apsc6h/struggling_with_sobriety/

I'm in my late 30s. I still feel the need to drink daily. I'll have a beer or so at most when I'm out with my mates but it makes me want so much more. How do you cope with sobriety after years of use?
----------immediate responses--------

Some days I white knuckle it. I read the big book. I reflect on what drinking did to me. I try to remember why I got sober. ..I don't think it is ever easy. I'm only a month and a bit into my sobriety. Today it sucks. Yesterday it was fine. I don't know what tomorrow will feel like. ..One day at a time sounds cheesy. But it works. And sometimes it's one hour at a time. 
For me the solution lies in working with other alcoholics. Whether they are helping you or you are helping them. ..Together we stay sober alone I get drunk. ..Simple program but not always easy. IWNDWYT 
For some it is easier to come to the decision about what one is willing to do go to any lengths to stop drinking forever. For some it is more difficult to let go of control and continue to say  I won't  let go or continue to put conditions bargaining denial about letting go...For me it wasn't until I totally surrendered and gave up my conditions that the obsessions were lifted. Bill W.'s psychiatrist called it deflation at depth. I had early on in my recovery reached that depth. My sponsor asked me if I admitted I was an alcoholic spiritually emotionally and physically sick? He asked if I wanted to get well? He then asked me what I was willing to do to get well?..It wasn't until I was willing to do anything go to any lengths to stop holding on to old ideas and let go absolutely that the desire to drink left. 
I have a daily reprieve contingent on the maintenance of my spiritual condition.  This became a reality sometime in the early period of working the 12 steps.  At some point the desire for alcohol was removed...Don't get me wrong the desire for alcohol was removed but life didn't suddenly become a bed of roses.  However all subsequent struggles were much easier with alcohol out of the equation.
I use a couple of simple (but not always easy) steps try to make it 3 out of the five daily ..1. wake up and ask higher power to keep me sober ..2. Read some AA literature even if it's just a sentence usually I try to do this as part of my step work as outlined by my sponsor ..3. Talk to another alcoholic on the phone or in person ..4. Go to a meeting ..5. Thank my higher power for keeping me sober ...Look I'm not sure if you're in AA or just looking for advice from AA members. Our experience has all been very similar the craving will not go away if you continue to have any alcohol whatsoever. Alcoholism is a disease where we all have an allergy to alcohol and that allergy means when we have one it just makes us want more. Having one will always lead to craving. We can't drink like normal people and the sooner we realize that the sooner we feel better start working steps and the craving goes away. ...For me it took about 4 months of being completely sober and getting through the first four steps before I could feel that craving leaving me. ..I don't believe I could have done this without a sponsor being completely sober and working my steps. ..If you haven't tried going into AA going all the way in and sitting all the way down in other words getting a sponsor and working steps why not give it a try? ..I'm very fortunate my best friend since grade school is in AA with me. I basically started doing AA because I felt like I had to stop drinking to help him stop I knew he was alcoholic and that if I continued to drink he would die. Little did I know I was saving my own life. .
I try to remember what drinking has taken from me (and would take from me) and that's quite a lot. Are you on r/stopdrinking? 
I tried to get sober for years no success. I got a sponsor and worked the steps and haven't drank or used drugs since.  
Working the steps worked wonders for me. There are promises all throughout the book and as I progressed I saw them coming true in my life. The tenth step promises are my personal favorite and very applicable to your post:  And we have ceased fighting anything or anyone   even alcohol. For by this time sanity will have returned. We will seldom be interested in liquor. If tempted we recoil from it as from a hot flame. We react sanely and normally and we will find that this has happened automatically. We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it. We are not fighting it neither are we avoiding temptation. We feel as though we have been placed in a position of neutrality   safe and protected. We have not even sworn off. Instead the problem has been removed. It does not exist for us. We are neither cocky nor are we afraid. That is our experience. That is how we react so long as we keep in fit spiritual condition.  -AA World Services
You aren't struggling with sobriety you're struggling to stop drinking. They're two different ballgames...I would drink when I didn't want to. And when I drank I couldn't stop... Finally I hit my emotional bottom and the God of my understanding helped me to stay dry long enough to work my steps. But I had to stop drinking first... I had to be done. I had to hit that bottom in order to become willing to do what was suggested of me.
&gt;  I'll have a beer or so at most when I'm out with my mates but it makes me want so much more. How do you cope with sobriety after years of use?..Not drinking would be a good start.
You do not sound like an alcoholic at all. In fact you clearly sound like you are controlling your drinking. People in AA will convince you that you are doing worse than you actually are. This is incredibly dangerous and becomes a self full-filling prophesy. If you struggle with wanting more than you should try to seek help from a qualified mental health professional. A therapist or doctor will help you people in AA will tell you that you are powerless and will demean you. Please beware of this ineffective and dangerous cult.
Stopping drinking can be difficult after extended heavy drinking.  The fact that you are down to one per night should make stopping easier.  Sobriety is something I experienced long (measured in months) after my last drink. At that point it was much less of a struggle and now it is no struggle at all.
