-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aqfn7x/what_does_a_sober_person_do_to_relieve_stress/

I just wanna say fuck this year sober that I've gotten and just get drunk or high cus I'm so stressed out and angry. Exercise only gets me more pumped up. Ever since I got sober I've lost my creativity so there goes all my hobbies. I'm even thinking about trying to cut myself to see if that works. You would think after a year this would be easier but no. The chaos in my life besides work is gone and you think that'd be a good thing but I'm just bored everyday. Plus there's still the chaos in my head that I can no longer quiet down by getting drunk or high. I just wanna say fuck it all and relapse. What do I do?
----------immediate responses--------

You are asking for advice. There are other issues out there such as bipolar or depressive issues that are all about having medical interventions.  Those types of issues at least need to be ruled out....
Curious - have you worked the steps with a sponsor?  Are you working with new people?  What's your program like?  ..You should consider bringing a meeting into a detox it jail.  It will give you something to do get you out of yourself and remind you what's waiting out there for you if you pick up. ..I'll pray for you. 
Have you worked the steps? That was number one for me...Helping another alcoholic is the next obvious answer. When I'm helping someone else I literally cannot be absorbed by my own problems. Are you working with others?..Next there's prayer. If you've been taken through the steps you've learned a lot of prayers. At night I thank God for not letting me take a drink today keeping me out of harm's way and giving me a chance to help another alcoholic. I thank him for directing me to what he wants me to be (page 68) directing my thinking (as I asked him to do in the morning; step 10) and keeping my will and my life from me. Then I say the prayers for steps 3 and 6. Then I do my nightly inventory step 11...Then I make it a point (I often fall short) to thank God for every blessing in my life. I heard it said once "what if tomorrow you woke up and no longer had any of the things you forgot to thank God for the night before?" That really stuck with me. So I thank God for everything in my life... Thank you God for my sobriety... Thank you for my house (I was homeless bumming off people's couches so I am very grateful)... Thank you for my friends... Etc etc etc...Because when we stay in gratitude it shifts our focus. If we are grateful then it's a lot easier to be placed in a more positive frame of mind...Sometimes I turn to meditation if I'm particularly stressed out. There's this one on youtube that my sponsor sent me called the Fuck That Meditation. It's humorous but for me it works!..Watch something funny. It's hard to be as frustrated when you're laughing. ..And if all else fails call another alcoholic!
Try some meditation too. Real meditation. It's helped me quite a lot with my temperament and anger. I also don't believe you lost your creativity. You just think you did. It's probably buried under your anger and insanity of wanting to get loaded again.
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?
Steps excercise  help someone else improve yourself.  
At a year you're probably just where you're supposed to be. Could be post-acute withdrawal anhedonia depression or something else. When I went to college I wondered why they didn't give out advanced degrees after one year? Your brain takes time to heal. Depending on you length of abuse what you took etc. it could be longer or shorter. Some substances do more damage than others some of that damage can be healed and some may be permanent. ..You said you were thinking about cutting yourself? Is that an old behavior for you? Many alcoholics and abusers of other drugs have self-destructive backgrounds. I would advise seeking professional help because of what you describe and what you've been thinking about. 
Exercise work meditate work/play on my boat walk my dog on the beach. Regarding creativity I'm reminded of a fantastic interview with Quincy Jones (the producer who gave us Michael Jackson's Thriller album).  Anyhow at the end of the interview he says he's been sober two years and feels like his creativity is like he is 19 again. Awesome read in Vulture magazine online... I suggest the whole thing not just the summaries or reviews (of which there are many). Creativity is hard to find if it is "new" thinking. (There's an old classic book about a "whack on the side of the head") If it were me I'd be meditating on it to try to channel my new neuropathways to find and sort through the new ideas. Best wishes. 
I'm not a doctor but it sounds like there might be more going on with you than can be remedied by A.A. solutions alone. Have you talked to a therapist or psychiatrist?
