-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/arge80/7_months_and_not_feeling_strong_today/

Just have a big craving for emotional reasons. I don't think I have it in me to touch any. I'm more terrified to have a sip than anything else. I don't want to relapse into who I used to be so badly it makes me anxious in this moment. But I'm writhing in my thoughts and everything just hurts again. ..What do you do when you feel a craving?
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have a sponsor?  Are you working the steps?
I spend each ten minute increment finding something else to do. Anything else. Sometimes reading the book. Sometimes watching something funny on tv. Sometimes finding something on Reddit to read.  I'll text someone in group to touch base.  I'll text my sponsor. ..Take it in small increments. The craving passes. 
Chapter 7/step 12.  ."Practical experience shows that nothing will so much insure immunity from drinking as intensive work with other alcoholics. It works when other activities fail".  .  .  .That's what I do.  . .That's what the original members did within weeks of getting sober. .  .It really works even helping clean up at meetings or calling newcomers anything to think about others that's the solution. .That's how we break the negative self centered obsession with ourselves and problems think we have. .     .I use to get out if self with alcohol now I do it by thinking of others. .   .  .A lot of people will suggest calling your sponsor and making sure you talk about it with multiple people and to ask for help. To go to a meeting and share about it like they did in group therapy. .That's what they learned in treatment so that's what they think the solution is but that is definitely not AAs solution in fact it's the opposite.  ..  .I found the more I talked about my problems the greater the obsession over myself became. Ya misery loves company and its nice to have some sympathy and support from others but it never kept me sober.  .    .   ..
