-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/arhsdn/relapsed/

I got drunk tonight. I don't know how to tell my girlfriend we live together. She was the reason I stopped but lately stress has been dragging me down and I gave in. I feel like I've failed myself and the ones who care about me. It's as if I am too weak to make the right choice. I am afraid to tell her because it will break her heart. She deserves better than this and I know I do too. I don't understand my own nature. One minute I'm fine and the next I'm back to my old shitty ways. I guess I just would like advice on how to move forward and how to push through these moments of weakness 
----------immediate responses--------

Are you going to meetings? Doing the steps? Do you have a sponsor and other trusted people in recovery that you can call when you're struggling? Calling all those numbers that people are always giving you has saved my ass before.
A lot of people slip up. Own up to it and get back on track. Its the best you can do now brother.
I guess if I'm gonna start being fucking honest I'll do it in a faceless environment. I'm 27. I'm an electrician. Was an electrician. Can't tell you why I started drinking. I can only tell you it was in my early twenties either before or after I had an abortion with my first serious girlfriend. Toxic fucking relationship. She ended up moving to Alabama and fucking some other guy behind my back. I took that pretty hard. Fast forward a bit 23-25 I'm getting drunk every day with fellow sparky. Getting in street/bar fights on the regular. No future in MMA or boxing. I'm that fucker on the job site w a new shiner every other week. Had an accident at work one day fell about 8 to 10 ft off a ladder onto compact gravel. Shear fracture on the left side of my pelvis. Out of work for 5 1/2 months. Lucky I didn't compress and shatter my spine. (Landed on my ass.) had just met my current girlfriend. Took care of me spoon fed me and emptied my pee bottle while I was stuck on the couch. Never once laughed at me. She's a damn angel. Still a drunk FF another year. I went on a 50+ hr binger lose my mind start yelling and punching holes in the wall she has me arrested. Relationship went to shit. I go to AA but she doesn't really wanna see me that much anymore. First couple months I'm in a bad place. End up sleeping w girl from AA. Never told gf. We broke up shortly after but I never told her. Bothers me every day. I decide I have to get her back no matter what she's the best thing that ever happened to this piece of shit. I know I don't deserve her. FF to today Ive gone a little over year without work. Feel like a fuckin loser and got nobody to talk to. End up getting hammered by myself. I want to change. For myself and for her. 
Buddy it sounds you had your fair amount of shit in the past. It sounds you are fed up. I remember i was in that self pitty mind state aswell not to be harsh but it is what is brother. The comments above asked if you work the steps because believe it or not. The steps work gets you into action. I also used every trauma and bad shit to use and drink but it doesnt get you forward right? The most important step is that you want to stop drinking it sounds like your fed up. I swear buddy do a meeting get a sponsor a serious one and if he fucks up get another one and if he fucks up get another one. If you fuckup and relapse stand up tell it and try again. If you relapse stand up and try again. Perservere brother. Get honesty in your life about and take action self pity doesnt get you anywhere! And im not saying its easy its a struggle. But you dont have to do this alone. I wish you all the best. And remember you can postpone or do it right now. Myself i quit my job as a bartender after 20 years it sucks i dont know what to do with my life but i will find something eventually till then my life sucks hard and it gets a tinybit better everyday. 
Go to meetings get a sponsor work the steps as quickly as you possibly can. Normally I wouldn't say that but if I'd relapsed I would want to work the steps asap.
Thank you all. Tomorrow I start my new life. No more self pity no more dishonesty. I'm gonna hold myself to the flame. This really has been therapeutic for me. 
Hi after reading what you have typed I would say you are ready...And you may think you are ready too but I sense that the thing I believe you are ready for is the exact opposite of what YOU think you are ready for. Nobody gets this truth into their heads easily but we have to start somewhere and you are ready to hear it...IF you are an alcoholic you will be unable to quit drinking for long on your own. It is a progressive thing and will only get worse as time goes on you will lose more and more control and there are 3 places alcoholics like me end up...jails institutions ( hospitals sanitariums etc) and death. IF you are an alcoholic like me  you will end up in one of these three places it sounds like you have already visited some the stays get longer and longer as we progress...Pretty bleak sounding but it is the truth and you probably already suspect it but you are using every fibre of your being to fight against it sadly  IF you are an alcoholic you will not win this fight conversely if and when you lose this fight it will not be the end for you but a new and wonderful beginning. ..You can start on this road by going to some AA meetings and see if anything that is said there resonates with you. At these meetings you will be able to access the help you need to get sober. Of course you are always free to not take the help but it will be offered. I suggest you give it a try you have nothing to lose...As i said above this truth is so "revolting" to most of us at first that we run away from it at the first smallest "taste". To be honest I rarely liked the taste of what i was drinking i almost always was fighting to get it down because i liked the result. If you persist in trying to get this truth into you you will be successful and it will open up a new world of possibilities for you. I think we all fought against it though...
Did you have a sponsor?  What step were you on when you got loaded?
