-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/at8pvk/30_days_today/

Fresh out of rehab and feeling good. But I'm struggling with the idea of staying sober for life. I'm a twenty four year old female and I just cant picture me going without drinking for the rest of my life. I want to eventually be able to drink at least once in a while.. or is this not possible since I have such an addictive personality? I'll continue to stay sober because I know it's best for my over all health. And my sleep and diet have never been better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Just do it for today!
Can I recommend a great book you might enjoy.?Written by a young woman like yourself. Very enlightening and helpful..The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober by Catherine Grey..Check it out. 
As someone who almost died several times in the past 17 months the  rest of my life  almost happened. ..If you live your life one day at a time today is forever
I was in my early 20s when I first got sober and thinking about the rest of my life was totally overwhelming. Find some local meetings find a sponsor start working the steps and make some sober friends. I know it's hard to believe now but spiritual development can eventually make "just for today" a reality and "the rest of your life" a non-issue.
If you're like me then you won't ever be able to just have a few drinks again. But I don't know you or what your experience has been. I can tell you I've done plenty of research on myself. One or two drinks always turns into black out drunk drinking to get to the next drink quicker ruining relationships etc...Forever is a long time. Part of my problem is that I always get way ahead of myself. Once I do that I've already failed. It makes no sense to worry about not being able to drink ten years from now because I exist now today. Much easier to not drink for today than to worry about not drinking in 10 years...I suggest finding a homegroup and a sponsor who has worked the steps. Changed my life completely 
Could you control your drinking before? I know I couldn't and people like me don't regain control. Something to think about...It was overwhelming for me at first too. I'm around your age for what it's worth. What helped was keeping my eyes set on today. I just don't drink today...Eventually the idea of not drinking again became a blessing rather than a curse. I don't miss it because of what happened when I drank. Today I'm truly grateful that I don't have to drink anymore. 
I used to get so caught up thinking about never drinking again. Certainly the day would come when I'd be at a concert and I could smoke a joint or I could enjoy a nice glass of red wine with a nice steak dinner...but wait I never drank or used like that in the first place. Those are fantasitical hypothetical projections into the future. I drank to get drunk and I smoked pot all day every day. Whether I was sad or celebrating. After getting serious about the program of recovery in AA I realize that I need to direct my thoughts on a spiritual plane on a daily basis meaning just stay in the day. Don't worry about 3 years from now 3 months 3 weeks or even 3 days. All you really have is today and more specifically this moment. Make the best of it. The solution to alcoholism and addiction lies in the steps just do them!
I have an addictive personality too. It has never worked for me to moderate the hangover will always be the same the regret the feeling sick the headache it never changes I can not just drink in moderation. I have heard people going 10 years sober then one relapse and there life spirals out of control again feeling the same as ten years ago. Its worth being the best version we cab possibly be everyday.  
I'm 27 and most of my friends are recovered alcoholics from the ages of 21-30. ..Where are you from? There are young people AA (ypaa) meetings all across the country events and conventions where young people in sobriety have a ton of fun and party together. ..Icypaa (international convention  of young people in AA) is in Boston this summer https://www.icypaa.org/ but I think each state has its own convention too. ..There are groups for young people in AA on Facebook too most are private though and you'd need to know someone to be added. PM me if you want to be added to some! And I could help you find your local ypaa groups too!
Also congrats on the 30 days!! That is so cool! 
