-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/auhd27/struggling_with_calling_sponsor/

hi does anyone ever hit a brick wall and have a hard time calling their sponsor? I'm fairly new to it and sometimes I get this exhaust that prevents me from doing it even though Ive done my step work idk if it's social anxiety or just.. idk. please give any advice with managing this thank you 
----------immediate responses--------

If you don't want to call them talk to them at a meeting instead.
I don't call or text my sponsor daily. I see her weekly at a meeting and to work on my assignment. I might text her if I feel off but otherwise I don't really communicate with her. 
I don't call my sponsor daily anymore but I did in the beginning.  I have a lot of social anxiety and talking her every day for those first 60 days was so so hard for me.  I did not want to do it.  I think for me having a scheduled time every day really helped.  We agreed on the same time every day so I wasn't agonizing over when I should call her.  I also shared with her my anxiety about this phone situation and so when I was quiet on the calls she would take the lead.  Also make sure you choose a sponsor who you feel comfortable with!  I'm really shy so I purposely chose a woman who is naturally extroverted because it's easier for her to pull me out of my shell than someone who was as equally shy as me.   I will say that the more you interact with your sponsor the easier it will get.  I'm a little over 8 months sober and I call her one to two times a week for chats (more if I'm struggling) and I don't feel even a tenth of the anxiety I felt those first three months.  ..Also I'm not sure how often your sponsor wants you to call him but I'd maybe see if he is okay with substituting a text check-in for one of those phone calls.  Obviously a phone conversation is important because hearing someone's voice reveals a lot but if you have to call 4 times a week then offering to text one of those 4 may help alleviate some pressure.
That's why I call my sponsor every day; it makes it easy to call him.  
Like clockwork everytime I arrange to speak with my sponsor I start to feel wiggly and try to work my way out of it and then I do and everytime he's non judgemental and wise and friendly.  The important part for me is that im taking the action to do something to stay sober no matter how im feeling or what I'm thinking.  My feelings and thoughts are subjective  the action is objective
Just do it. Your thinking is backwards. I guarantee you will feel better after you call anyways. Your fear is driving your actions and you're building up things in your head that are not true. Confront that fear by doing the opposite of what it's telling you to do.
My phone weighs 500 pounds when it comes to calling my sponsor - has always been that way.  I trace that to my character defect of FALSE PRIDE.  I get over it by timing - I make a firm commitment to myself to call at a certain time - and I keep my promise to myself - 500 pound phone be damned..
One of the most important lessons I learned as a result of doing the steps and diving into the program is that I can do things even when I don't really feel like it. Feelings are not facts. This applies to not only recovery stuff but also exercise eating well being a good employee you name it. I was no good at that because the whole time I was drinking I was basically a child. I only did things I felt like doing. Getting sober I had a lot of growing up to do. Today I'm very glad that I understand that I'm not at the mercy of my feelings. 
I never had a problem with calling the booze store or drug dealer. Never got anxious or had social anxiety. I knew what I wanted and wanted it bad enough so I picked up the phone and dialed. ..If one wants something bad enough one does what one needs to do. Half measures availed us nothing. 
