-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/autkph/so_sad/

 ..Around December I finally got sick of his drinking and so I kicked him out and broke things off. I dumbly continued to see him and sleep with him until new years. After new years I decided I needed to tell him I was moving on and that I didnt want to give him mixed messages because I didnt trust he would finally stay sober. He entered rehab and we werent really talking. He I guess started seeing this other women with a drinking problem about a week after he stopped seeing me. .. I still had things at my apartment that were his so I asked him to come get them where he decided that he wanted to tell me that he was now seeing someone. I was really really upset but we parted ways. Well a few days later  I was on a trip with friends and I started texting him because I missed him and I do still love him. ..This went on until yesterday. He was telling me he loved me and we were still sleeping together but he wasnt sure who he wanted to be with. He invited me to his sisters birthday dinner last weekend and then this weekend he introduced her to his whole family.  Last weekend he was with me and asking me to get off birth control and to have a baby with him so we could be together forever. He invited me to his sisters birthday dinner and on Monday he relapsed and called me crying about how much he loves me and how this girl didn't compare to me. Well he then spent the rest of the week with her. He admitted he was codependent and because I work about an hour away now and live 30 minutes from him he wasnt sure we could work because he needs to see someone everyday. Well yesterday he called me and told me that he was in love with her. She messaged me on facebook telling me that they were in a relationship to which I told her the truth that  I wasn't aware they were in a relationship because he was still sleeping with me. She tried to blame the relapse on me which hurt because all I ever wanted was for him to get sober. ..After we got off the phone with her after he told me he was in love with her and wanted to be with her he blocked me on facebook and blocked my number. .. I am just so upset I thought breaking up with him in December would get him to finally get sober and that he would work the steps and one day apologize for all the pain and trauma he put me through and we would maybe have a chance to work things out. I want to believe this woman is a rebound but it really hurts that he was telling me he loved me on Monday but then a few days later he now loves her. I want to believe that he will regret losing me but part of me doesn't even know if he ever loved me or he just wanted a relationship. I just feel so used. He told me she doesnt compare to me and that hes more attracted to me and I make him happier then she does. He told me he misses me and thinks about me when hes with her but if those things are true then how could he chose her over me? ..I know we dont have a future together he is 35 got fired from his job where his DAD was his boss he isnt motivated or driven and his drinking is a major problem. He physically and emotionally abused me so I dont understand why I still want him. Everyone I know is happy he is out of my life why cant I also be relieved. Last week I literally felt like I was dying when he couldnt choose between us. I havent ever felt suicidal over a relationship but I do over this. I am just so sad all the time and its killing me that I feel this shitty over a person that everyone is telling me isnt worth it. ..I know I deserve better but why am I still feeling like this. Did he just never love me? Will he regret losing me?  ..I just want to know if he will some day wake up a realize what he gave up because I loved him so much yet he chose his rebound and claims to love her? Does he really love her and just never loved me? It hurts that I could live with this man for two years and go through hell and back constantly forgiving him to have him choose someone he's know a month. 
----------immediate responses--------

Count your blessings! I saw a therapist to help me deal with my grief and anger. I went to Alanon meetings. I moved on. ..See /r/Alanon. A support group for friends and family of alcoholics. 
Please if you are feeling suicidal get help. ..My guess is he's not choosing her he's choosing the bottle.
Sounds like Alanon might be just the ticket for you.  
