-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/avb0u7/almost_relapsed_today/

I almost relapsed today. So I had a bad day and I was driving home from work. My partner and I live together and we were reaching home (I was driving). She needed to go to the toilet so I dropped her out the front of our house and I said that I would go find parking and see her inside soon. For some reason at this moment I had this complete and overwhelming feeling that I needed to drink. I knew my partner wouldn't be able to stop me because I had the car. Screw it I thought I miss my alter ego too much. So I went to the bottle o and bought a bottle of wine -my favourite past time. I then parked my car off the street and opened the bottle of wine. I smelt it it smelt so good. I put it to my lips ready to take a swig. Except I didn't. ..I thought how I had almost reached three months of being clean and I thought of all the pain I've had to go through each day to get to this point. I don't want to go through that pain again because it's been absolutely excruciating. Also I have finally seen a different side to me that I've never seen before. Im nearing the three month sobriety point and I've learnt that I'm more of a dork than I thought I ever was. Although I'm not sure if I like this side of me yet it sure is interesting to see...Instead of swigging the wine I went upstairs and poured the whole bottle down the sink. ..Right now I feel like I'm going through a horrible break up though. I mean since my first drink as a teen fifteen years ago I have never had this much time away from alcohol and I feel like it's an intrinsic and fundamental part of me. My whole heart and soul aches for it and I just want to be with it again. ..I feel like the meetings are just really unhelpful to go to. It's just a whole load of people venting about their tough lives and I don't really care tbh. I just got a sponsor to help me through the steps but I'm skeptical if even they will be able to help me. I've been on campral for two weeks now but I guess that hasn't helped with cravings. Just really struggling atm. ..I don't know sorry about the rant and negativity. Just trying to get my thoughts out straight or else I'm scared I may just go to the bottle o again buy a bottle and drink the whole damn thing this time. .
----------immediate responses--------

I think you said it best that you just had to remember all the hardships you have gone through to get to this point. I admire you for making it three months. That's huge in my mind. I have just started my journey to sobriety and I am three days in. Sadly that is probably the most sober I have been for the last few years but hearing people's stories like yours and seeing that it's never easy gives me inspiration. You did the right thing and I hope you make that decision again the next time you're in that situation. Thanks for sharing your story. 
I remember feeling that exact same way when I tried to quit. First time I ever went to rehab. Like I was grieving it was a huge loss. I NEEDED to quit. I was on the fence about wanting it. That was 10 years ago. I relapsed. In that ten years I've lost custody of my son my family won't have anything to do with me I have no friends a few possessions no money no job terrible mental health long criminal record can't drive for 30 years served prison time became addicted to various drugs do I need to go on...I go back to that specific memory to those exact feelings and I think if I could have gone to those unhelpful meetings if I had got that sponsor worked those steps my whole life would be completely different. I guess I wasn't ready. Rock bottom. I am now 3 months sober. I hope this helps. I really relate to what you are going through.
Three - Five months is the danger/red zone. Your brain and chemicals are still catching up and the sobriety cloud has started to wear off. It's great you recognize you like yourself better sober. Just remember you are still healing and you do have the power to say no every time :) 
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?
I wasn't  a fan of meetings either. But I checked out different ones until found a few that were ok. I didn't believe all the bs either. But as I started to work steps it helped me be a nicer person to myself and others. I kept an open mind even though I'm synical. I've met some really nice people who understand what being an alcoholic feels like. Give it chance. 
You can remove the alcohol from the alcoholic but you're just stuck with a dry drunk. The changes start to happen through reading the big book and working the steps. Have some willingness to try something new and realize it works for a lot of people. Meetings are an important part of staying sober but the recovery from alcoholism comes from working the steps with a sponsor. 
Not everyone stays sober most drink again after a bit. The ones who don't are willing to talk with another member when a drink starts to look good. Which are you?
