-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/avf7vg/i_think_my_sponsor_might_be_drinking/

Hey guys. I made an account specifically to post this. Sorry if it's a little long. I've talked to my network of sober friends and I feel like I can't really get a decent answer of what I should do. ..As a little backstory I've been sober for almost 2 years. I've had the same sponsor the whole time. I'm in my 20s and she's in her 60s. We meet once a week attend two meetings together each week and have been through the steps together twice. We also talk daily. Recently when I try to speak to her at the time we normally do each day she doesn't pick up the phone or text back. Twice recently she's pocket dialed me and when I text her to ask if she's ok she doesn't respond. She's been missing the meetings we normally go to. Not once or twice. She had missed them for about a month. It used to be that she would let me know ahead of time why she was missing them. However now she hasn't given me any type of reason why. She quickly switches topics if I try to gently bring up how good the meeting was.  The last time we did step work she completely forgot all her materials and was late. Not like her to do that normally I'm the one walking in the door last minute. ..With all this in mind what really has got me confused is her attitude. She is a really happy carefree woman. However when I see her lately she's condescending and kind of rude to me. She's also extremely critical of my step work which prior to our last meeting she normally gave good constructive criticism on. Last time she really gave me the business. ..The icing on the cake was the last meeting we attended together. Before the meeting started she told me she had found a pill on the floor in her house and was going to take it. That was until she realized it was a blood pressure pill instead of her drug of choice. She also made an offhand comment about taking narcotic pain medication another one of her drugs of choice after having a minor dental procedure. ..I don't feel comfortable talking to my grandsponsor about this because she can be kind of a gossip. Basically what everyone has told me is to just wait and see and if she's drinking or using it will come out eventually. I know I am not perfect either and sometimes things happen in our personal lives the lead us to have changes in attitude and behavior. A couple of months ago one of her friends relapsed and nearly died and I know it effected her deeply. I don't know if I should confront her directly about her behavior given the fact that she's been so hostile lately. As someone who I care for and consider like a family member it's weird to watch her change....Tl;dr my sponsor is acting funny and talked about using I don't know if I should talk to her or wait to see what happens. .
----------immediate responses--------

