-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ax1bku/going_through_shit_vent/

I've been a benzo addict for over five years. This January I finally got tired and decided to ask for help. I'm halfway done with my outpatient program and I have 33 days sober. I've never put this much effort into genuinely trying to be better but I still feel like I'm not doing enough. I have a history of trauma and I used the drugs to cope and now that I don't have them I feel like a burn victim irritated at the slightest touch. I know I have to work through it by myself but it's so difficult when you're on your own. I've tried AA multiple times and it's just something I have a really hard time wrapping my head around but I feel like without it I have no other support. My parents are more than happy to pay for outpatient because of the pain my addiction has brought them but it ends there they refuse to acknowledge that their daughter could have a drug problem. I have no friends. It's so fucking hard to do this without any support. I know better and that I'm the only one who can get myself through it but it just fucking sucks that when things are going wrong you don't even have a single person to reach out to that'll tell you that it's okay. I want this time to be different I want to get sober so bad but I've just been in so much pain and living in fear that one little thing could trigger a relapse. Does it get better? When?
----------immediate responses--------

It does get better. Go to NA (and AA if you consider yourself an alcoholic) and make some friends in recovery. It's okay if the program doesn't make a lot of sense to you at first. Show up to meetings every day and talk to people. Tell people you are new introduce yourself ask if you can get coffee with them sometime. You will find that people are very willing to talk to you about what worked for them and you can build an incredible support system through the 12-step recovery community. Find a sponsor. Work the steps with their guidance. This program only really makes sense when you do it so you have to be willing and you have to put in the work...If you have that willingness you will be protecting yourself against little things triggering relapse. You will undergo a spiritual change that will take away the overwhelming urge to use drugs or drink to relieve pain. And you will have a community of supportive people to call on when you need them.
Go to meetings. That's where I found support and friends. ..Yes it gets better but it takes time and hard work. .Get a sponsor and start working the steps. That helped me get better wiser and healthier. 
You ARE going to be alright. It does get better. It's not all glitter and unicorns but it is better than going through life constantly hung over. Reach out like you did we are here for you.   
I felt so alone in the beginning. AA changed that for me. Go be honest and then go back and do it all over again. I'm rooting for you 33 days is huge! Keep it up and you'll open a whole new world . 
AA can help you if your an alcoholic in addition to being an addict.  If your just an addict I'd suggest NA. .[This pamphlet](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/P-35_ProOtherThanAlcohol.pdf) is probably worth a read. 
