-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ax918n/embarrassed_to_go_back/

Hi everybody I'm pretty young (20) but I started going to AA when I was 17 as part of a requirement by the outpatient rehab I was in at the time. I relapsed once after I started and then stayed sober for around 17/18 months and then got into college and started drinking again. The drinking got pretty bad pretty fast and I stopped drinking for a few weeks at a time and then the drinking got bad again when I came back to college for my second year and even got arrested for the first time for being drunk in public which should have been a major wake-up call but it didn't last...A couple weeks ago though I had a pretty traumatic experience and it triggered me to start drinking a lot more potentially more than I've drank ever before. I decided today I am going to STOP drinking period but I am really embarrassed to go back to my old groups because I feel like everybody will judge me for what I've done. How can I get over this feeling and motivate myself to make a change?
----------immediate responses--------

It has always been my experience in AA that when people come back they are welcomed with open arms.   Don't fear judgment.  Show up and share what's been happening.  That's how we begin to heal.  
a lot of people have relapsed they'll just be glad you're back in the rooms and making the effort to stop. i don't know many people who have been able to get and stay sober on the first try. i'm just a bit older than you (23) and i relapsed in treatment with some friends. we were all pretty embarrassed to go back but everyone was supportive and we met a lot more people after that meeting where we all picked up white chips. i'm rambling but the point is that the rooms aren't a place for judgement. i suspect you'll find people genuinely glad to see you again. good luck friend!
I had a friend who came in and had a year and a half sober before he was even legal drinking age. He went back out. When he came back I literally ran across the clubhouse because I was so happy to see him and I gave him a hug. Others were equally glad to see him and gave him a lot of support. And even though he went back out I know that we will be so happy and relieved to see him when and if he's ready to come back in again. We're waiting for him with open arms.  
If your old group is anything like my old group you will be welcome with open arms and lots of love and support. That's what it's all about. ..Boy was my face red!!! But 5 years later I tell people that coming back makes all the difference. 
Dude you'd be hard pressed to find someone in the rooms who HASN'T relapsed. We've all been there...There are no judgements man seriously. In fact we are grateful and happy to have you back!..AA may be the one true  safe space' I experience.
That's the cool part of coming back...we're the people who actually understand being and acting how you've been. When people see you back virtually every one of them will have one of two thoughts....1. "Oh cool C_S is back!" or.2. "Thank God C_S is back!" 
For me a little embarrassment would be a small price to pay for halting the progression of alcoholism and leading a free happy life again. That said anyone who would judge you harshly for coming back into the rooms clearly needs to work on their own program. The nature of this thing is by medical definition both chronic and relapsing. So much so that an old timer reminded me several times early on that "relapse is NOT a requirement!" It happens often though it doesn't have to sometimes to those who've been sober for many years. Hopefully you can use your experience as a lesson to prevent future relapses and as motivation to up your recovery game. If you're not welcomed with smiles and hugs and positivity right away I'd find a new meeting STAT...Good luck and keep coming back!
You will be fine. There are very very few of us who went to our first meeting got sober and have stayed sober...The vast majority of us spent some time in and out before we finally decided "Enough".
I think they'll be more happy that you're back than feeling anything judgemental towards you.
Hey good to read your story -- just writing it out can be a beginning. ..&amp;#x200B;..So when I was new to the rooms of AA I put together some time and then relapsed HARD. I was full of shame and regret and didn't want to go back because those fine people might realize that I am an alcoholic....oh yeah. ..&amp;#x200B;..The insanity of me wanting to save face in front of a group of alcoholics finally hit me one day and I laughed. Of course I was welcomed back. There were a few people who treated me with disdain to be honest but over time I don't see them around much anymore (imagine that!). The overwhelming majority of folks in the rooms of AA laughed with me and welcomed me back. "Keep coming back" and "Just stay!" as they tell me...&amp;#x200B;..We alcoholics might have faced what you're experiencing you know :). I have. So come claim your seat - you earned it!
GO BACK!.They will be happy to see you! Trust me!.Once you walk in the door and see familiar faces you will feel relieved you went!.IWNDWYT!
Many many people have come to AA gone back out and come back. That is part of most of our stories. ..I promise. They will be glad to see you back. ..Hoping your healing goes well. Best of luck to you.
I'm happy as hell you're even thinking about coming back! AA is full of prodigal sons and daughters. Welcome back!
We all are drunks in aa no worries. None of us got too the rooms on a winning streak!
Alcoholics left to there own devices drink that is just a fact of life. Just tell em all that you went and checked and yeah drinking like an alcoholic still sucks.
Go on back. There are people who need to see you and hear from you. The experience strength and hope of a new or newly returned person helps not just other new folks but reminds folks with a few more 24 hours what it was like...Most of all do it for you. I wished I had started with AA earlier in life.
Hey I just went back after two years sober. Got three days today. I felt like you did embarrassed and that I let people down. I'm pretty young compared to the rest of the folks in my home group and had the impression that they'd chastise me or something. They didn't. Nobody batted an eye and just embraced me like a loving family should. They said the most wonderful things to me and by the end of the meeting that I got my 24 hr chip I was able to hold my head up and look everyone in the eye again. Hope that you can find that kind of love in the rooms too.   Take care
When I reentered the rooms after a long period away the people I knew were just happy I wasn't dead which is what we experience most often at AA and NA...&amp;#x200B;..I've been going to meetings for 10 years (2 years of relapsing and 8 years of sobriety) it isn't unusual to have people come in for while leave for a while and come back...&amp;#x200B;..Welcome back.
People will be more than glad you came back. A huge part of AA for people working the steps is service to others. You coming back will provide someone with an opportunity to help their own recovery through you.
When I relapsed my sponsor dude came and picked me up to take me to the next meeting so has my other friend who has experience with it. Don't be worried man they've all fallen down too or at least most of them. You're always welcome back if you're working on being sober.
I would be very surprised if anyone judged you. It's the most natural thing in the world for an alcoholic to drink. Do yourself the biggest favour &amp; go back to AA. There's a great life awaiting you. Good luck  
They're not gonna judge you. They've been where you are before. Support is the name of the game. ..Getting over that feeling and walking back in and being honest with people and myself was very difficult for me. It was also one of the best decisions I've ever made.
The worries u have are yours alone. That's the disease trying to keep u from getting better. Trying to trick u into thinking that u will be judged. Don't let your thoughts keep u from going back to AA. They will welcome u. You deserve better! Glad u are back.
I would guess that most people in the rooms have gone through this experience myself included.  .  .If it helps to make light of it I heard somebody say that the relapses are like "scouts". Go out scout the land still sucks? OK cool come back and share with the rest of the group so we don't have to go scout it out also. 
So many don't ever *make it back.* Go man. And keep coming back :)
1) Generally in AA we don't "shoot our wounded" - I've get rarely heard anything but welcoming things when someone comes back in from the cold...2) Which is better - a short term embarrassment or jails/institutions/death?..Not everyone gets a chance to come back from a relapse I'm glad you do and I'm glad you're back!  
I'd rather see you come back to my group than to find out your dead...Put your hand up and ask for help we will help you.
No one will judge you and if they do they are ducking useless.  We more than anyone know how ducking hard it is and to be so bold as to judge someone else response to stress and struggle is the height of hypocrisy. How dare anyone try to shame a fellow addict I know you feel the same enough for all of us. Don't let it get in your way of being effective and attaining what you want. Acknowledge it at the meeting. Shame grows in shadows bring in the mother fucking light you still and will always have. good luck my friend I'm rooting for you 
No one is going to judge you. All that fear is in your head...You will be welcomed back with open arms love and most importantly no judgement...Your thoughts are not reality they are **just** thoughts. Get back on that horse and keep fighting.
We don't shoot our wounded in AA! You will be welcomed home.
My friend they wont judge. No one comes to AA on a winning streak. Go to the meeting they will be happy to see you. :)
I went back and I was SO scared but oh my god I am so glad I did. I had 3 years and relapsed and I was so ashamed. I was secretary of my home group and even had sponsees when I relapsed so naturally I figured everyone thought I was a huge POS. But when I came back everyone  who knew me said it was nice to see me no one shamed me or embarrassed me. Someone I barely even knew that well said  prayer works!  meaning they prayed for me to come back. Give yourself a chance you can do this. 
There is one and only one way to get over that feeling of judgement.  Show up...Otherwise that little voice inside your head (and admit it that's where the real judging is going on) will never stop telling you those hateful things about yourself...Nobody judged me when I left nobody castigated me when I came back.  But I really did a big self-hatred number on myself in the meantime all the while telling myself that it was *them* that was doing the hating...AA is not a program of self-motivation.  It is a program of *surrender.* So do that.  Come all the way in and sit all the way down.  And relax you're home.  Home by the way is the place where when you show up they always let you in.
Current_Selection.I understand your feelings but please try to understand the feelings of other AA members as well. WE ARE DRUNKS!  Who are we to judge?!?! WE WELCOME YOU! (Sorry for shouting) I have failed so many times yet I keep coming back. Same as every other member. I do not know a single member who has stopped on day one. We have members showing up drunk. I could fill a gambling joint with my white chips alone.  I got up this morning and ran to a meeting at 7:00 am totally unplanned. I did it! Told my wife that I needed to. We want you there. We need you. You need us. In time we will get there together. Alcoholics are just to damned sensitive. I am the same. Chill have fun laugh about yourself and each other and just chill. We need you as much as you need us.  Get to your next darned meeting and do not over think this.  'I'llness can chane to 'WE'llness if we change 'I' to 'WE'.
Just get to a meeting. Be honest. You will feel better and everyone will be glad you are back.
I relapsed after 3 years sober and was out for a year. Now I'm back and have 20 days. So glad I made it back.
I was scared to go to my first meeting but am damn glad I did.  You should be welcomed warmly without judgment.  Love and tolerance is our code.  Besides you've got some people to help by sharing this story to help others learn from your experience so they need not learn it firsthand.
You got nothing to worry about. Everyone will be happy to see you! Take care of yourself and take it one minute at a time. Every night your head hits the pillow sober you're a success!
You've got this!
.Shit dude I got a drawer full of 30 day chips but I'm over a decade sober now.. .  .We only really fuck up in AA if we don't come back so keep coming back.. .  .My 2 best friends who gave up and didn't come right back after relapsing are dead.. . .The master has failed more times than the student has even tried. . .  .Welcome back!   .
Oh yeah the concern that I'll be judged is a pretty common thing. Remember when I go to a meeting that I am in a group of people who have basically done everything I did and felt every negative feeling I have. When I tell about the things I have done those folks can relate. Plus let's face it half of them are tuning out and thinking about someone else they're mad at or who hurt them because we as individuals are self-centered individuals.
Nice that you got by the fear of judgement and rejection and instead found instead that you are very welcome...
