-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/ax9kke/maybe_im_not_ready/

I'm not even sure why I'm writing this post truthfully. I know on an intellectual level that the only person who can know for sure if I am or am not ready is me -- the opinions and insights of others stating that I am or am not are irrelevant and it's my actions which dictate the rest. I go to one meeting a day (Saturday being an exception due to access) I'm meeting and working with another alcoholic each day I'm praying and meditating in the morning and at night and I have a sponsor and am beginning my new journey through the steps...Yet I'm constantly restless irritable and discontent. I'm okay around other people and while I can still be stuck in my head with them it's when I'm alone that I'm constantly miserable. There's so much pity and regret in me for what has happened in my last relapse I'm always on the edge of another relapse (or in one) and I can't seem to keep it together. I'm anxious and lack faith conviction and belief that I'm really going to be able to do this. Nothing is bringing me pleasure be it work hobbies or relationships and I can't motivate myself or stay disciplined to do what needs to be done...I'm just such a fucking mess and my head and heart constantly cry out to medicate myself some more. I don't want to but I do at the same time -- and both of these feelings I want to follow through on so badly that it feels as though I'm ripping apart...I've shared this with others either directly or in meetings and I've been given suggestions heard the platitudes been told the slogans again and again ... I'm scared that in reality I'm just not ready. That there's still more drinking and damage to be done before my depressive ego and desire to drink are truly flattened and put aside. But I don't want to go this way yet I can't seem to succeed otherwise?..I feel so lost. I'm crying a lot lately. I'm not letting people in. What's the point? 
----------immediate responses--------

The point may be to ignore your intellect and just allow yourself to become....
That's sounds like pitiful and incomprehensible demoralization to me. .In my experience it can last for years. It wasn't until I learned and realized that I really really was as screwed as I feared I was that Step One really hit home. I have a two-fold disease...Mental and physical. Mentally I will always end up taking that first drink. I have a mental obsession. I have a problem that I can't solve with my mind. Physical...once I have a drink I have a physical craving that I can't over come with my body. If there's a solution to my alcoholism it doesn't reside anywhere in me. I was TOTALLY screwed. Absolutely without power. The solution had to be somewhere outside me. Folks can call it "higher" if they want whatever...it was OUTSIDE me though. I had to stop looking to me for a solution. God was group of drunks for me. I got in the middle and stayed there. Even when it felt stupid and flaky. jfwiw
What possible good could more alcoholic damage do? Odds are it would just impair your ability to recover more. It's not all that uncommon to be fucked up when you first start out in AA; in fact it seems to be a requirement for successful recovery. Keep doing what you're doing don't relapse again continue taking the steps and give them time to kick in. Experience shows that things will work out as long as you do the work. Don't be one of those people who go to AA for 20 years and never get more than a 90 day chip. Let the fear of that be part of your motivation.
Hmmm how to put this? You sound....ready from my experience and many others what you are describing is the start of the process of healing...We hear others share and we think that maybe we should feel like them or we cling to our old notions about how things work and we demand change that is not how things work with me i had to try to let go of my old operating system......you ever get comfortable with a computer operating system? so comfortable you know where everything is and you don't even have to look at stuff you just know it's there. there's bugs and glitches but you have fought with them for so long that you already know the ways around them and nobody else can operate your computer because of all of them and you take a little bit of pride in the fact that you are the only one "smart enough" to be able to use it...AA is like a new version of windows and as soon as you try it you hate it it's new and scary and you don't know where ANYTHING is and you are right back to being a newcomer and having to ask " how do i change the desktop picture - why did they hide it?". So you are bouncing back and forth between these 2 operating systems and it can be very confusing in the beginning...You probably feel good when you go to meetings mostly you may not even know why yet that does not matter. My advice is to hang around the positive people as much as you can they will help you to stay afloat during these hard times. they will tell you stories and make you laugh and share personal things with you that will help you to think about things in ways you never were able to before. Piece by piece they will change your old operating system to a new one that works...Another thought that comes to mind is that a life running in a negative direction cannot be reversed all at once. I like to think of it as inertia. My life was moving negative picking up speed too as these things do and even though i slam on the brakes it takes time to come to a stop and only then we can start moving it toward the positive...I remember sitting in many AA meetings and feeling angry getting very little out of the meeting that night one in particular had a sign in front of the speakers podium " you're in the right place " it announced I felt like it was mocking me.. " right place sure I'm fucking miserable I'M in the RIGHT place?"..Yes yes i was there was no other place for a person like me to be tolerated loved and told the things he needed to hear that would hurt emotionally but necessary to my recovery AND that i would voluntarily keep coming back to there is no other place for people like me I was and I am in the right place!..We do have slogans because they are very pertinent to your situation "Keep coming back" - don't give up now just because it is hard going - god will send someone to give you hope when you feel like giving up but you have to practice letting go and letting others "IN" in order for them to help you. ...I was this fearful and i had walls that did not allow others to help me and i was making it tougher on myself god sent many people to help me and I stubbornly shrugged off their hands on my shoulders and limped along by myself and said "I can do it! I don't need your help" I knew i needed their help i didn't know HOW to let them help my fear slammed the door everytime someone tried to come in i was a prisoner of it...Ask your higher power for help and you will get an answer probably not the one you expect but you will get help and it is up to you at that point to reach out and accept it and let them pull you towards the light or refuse it and stay where you are in the darkness.
I totally understand the feeling That is how I felt when my solution-alcohol was taken away from me. Alcohol was my answer to not being able to handle life but it caused so many other problems that I had to stop. The only way that I have been able to feel ok while not drinking is when I am working the steps with a sponsor...In the big book on page xxviii and xxix it talks about what our untreated alcoholism looks like. It really describes your post. I would recommend taking a look.
If you're crying all the time and have not address that with a doctor maybe you should? And maybe depression and it could be getting in the way have your progress. I wish you the best.
I started with a dry January and told myself that I could go back to drinking alcohol but I needed to complete the month no matter what. At the end of the month I switched to a one day at a time approach trying to find all the benefits of sobriety. Getting sober for myself first because I deserved it helped it to stick. Using Reddit and AA helped me see what sobriety could look like. I am rooting for you. 
The easy way is to take the steps the hard way is to allow further drinking misery to bring you around to taking the steps...Personal choice in recovery is a wonderful thing.
