-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/axurx7/survey_does_using_drugs_but_not_alcohol_count_as/

If someone in the program uses some type of other drug does that count as a relapse for AA purposes? If so why? If not why not? If maybe what other things would you need to know?.I recently talked to some people in AA about this and am getting mixed answers. Thought I'd poll a larger group if that kind of question is allowed on this sub. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me yes. For anyone else not my business don't really care. I only monitor my own sober time.
For me yes. In my group birthdays are "365 consecutive days without mind or mood altering substances".  But to thine own self be true. 
Yes. Hard to be sober when you're high.
Everyone's gotta work their own program. That being said I wouldn't listen to people who say that drug use isn't relapse. 
For me any substance I used to  get outside of myself' would qualify as a relapse...
To thine own self be true. ..Each of us knows when or if we've relapsed. We just have to be honest with ourselves. What someone else defines as a relapse doesn't matter.
It's a relapse if you think it's a relapse. The only one you are hurting/helping is yourself. There are no rules about sobriety. AA gives suggestions for a better sober life. Only you can know if you are sober and if your life is manageable...I wish you the best!
For me yes unless it was prescribed by a doctor and taken as directed. 
In order to relapse I must have previously achieved some level of sobriety.  For me sobriety is achieved after months and years of practicing abstinance and the other principles of recovery.  I define my sobriety as total abstinance from all intoxicants - mind and mood altering chemicals.  I also include abstinance from over indulging in curtain addictive behaviors.
Yes
Opinions are like assholes everyone has one and they all stink.. . .Read the official literature and decide for yourself. . .  .Is coffee a drug? .Nicotine a drug?.Red bull a drug?.Cbd a drug?.Lsd a drug?. amphetamines a drug? . . .Some say drugs are a relapse but they may drink lots of red bull coffee and smoke cigs all day yet consider someone taking cbd not sober. .  .Bill W did Lsd and he didn't reset his sobriety date..  .Lots of drug addicts in AA that make this shit up as they go. Polling this sub or meetings is pointless read the official literature and be honest with yourself. .  .TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE 
If not you're faced with fabricating lots of excuses and rationalizations and feeling defensive around sober people until the drinking starts again which is how it usually plays out. Seems like a lot of work just way easier to avoid putting oneself in a problem situation through self-will.
When I decided to stop drinking I also threw away my drugs the same day. I sought sobriety.
