-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aym64u/why_do_so_many_people_consider_alcoholics_to_also/

We've all witnessed people identifying as alcoholics addicts or both. Members claim their addicts because they were addicted to alcohol though I personally believe that's just a round about way of saying alcoholic...Pre AA I rarely did drugs and when I did didn't seek more got no cravings for more or felt like I needed it when sober. Talking marijuana cocaine opioid pain relievers...Yes I felt the affect but it wasnt desirable and most times regretted doing them because it ruined my drunk...I made the mistake and told a group member I take Kratom for pain relief from multiple back and foot surgeries. This poor guy and his friends consider it a relapse...At first I found it funny but these respected members of AA are running around telling people I relapsed on hard drugs. ..Now every aquaintence I run into is telling me how sorry they are for me and its putting me in a position to state my situation and telling them this is Alcoholics Anonymous and AA has no opinion on outside issues or controversies.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on the other end of the spectrum but I agree that this is a problem. There is a difference between an addict and an alcoholic and I fully believe that. The problem is NA meetings are awful that's why addicts go to aa 
I mean IMO alcoholism is an addiction. Alcohol is a drug. It just comes in fancy liquid form. But I get where you're coming from. AA can be so rigid about approaches that do work for some people. My AA group condemns CBD oil. CBD oil! It's not even weed but AA still clutches their pearls about it. I don't know I've lived places where pot was legalized and I did it recreationally maybe once a week and it didn't affect my life negatively and it wasn't an addiction. It just helped me mellow out and it took the edge off at times when I craved booze. What's wrong with that if pot wasn't a problem for me? I wish there was some form of  AA light  where it wasn't so judgmental. They could reach a lot more people. AA doesn't care if people chain smoke cigarettes all day long yet they freak out about weed. It's a little confusing and inconsistent IMO 
[This pamphlet](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-11_aamembersMedDrug.pdf) is worth reading. 
Recovery is not 1 size fits all. You may find that using other substances appropriately isn't a problem for you. You may discover that those substances are/will become a problem for you. Either way AA members should feel comfortable talking to you about their concerns if you bring the topic up to them. Other than that they should mind their own business. They may be well-intentioned but now you're feeling less like a part of the group and that gets in the way of your recovery. ..One of the most important lessons I learned in early recovery from 12 step programs was to mind my own business. And as someone in recovery I've enough business of my own to attend to for me to be trying to micromanage someone else's recovery. 
An alcoholic is just an addict whose doc is alcohol.  That being said  AA is alcohol centric so if that's the program you're working then that's the program you're working. I'd say just be honest with yourself.  I've heard a few similar stories in AA and most of the time people aren't being very honest with themselves and are just taking advantage of the loophole. It's your recovery though. 
When I think about the reasons I drink it is mainly because I want to escape reality. I do like drugs for the same reason and it brings out my addictive tendacies but straight up I stick to booze because of its availability and lower cost. Whatever I ingest though it is all to achieve that same escapism effect. I'm addicted to whatever helps me not feel like me...I could smoke a joint and not consider that a relapse since alcohol is what has really brought destruction to my life but that endangers the reason I want to stay sober. It brings back that feeling of HEY GETTING FUCKED UP IS FUN AND TAKES AWAY YOUR ANXIETY SO WE SHOULD DO THIS MORE OFTEN...But that's me. I have known heroin addicts who still have a beer here and there. Alcohol doesn't do anything for them the way heroin did though and they can take it or leave it. They are the clear line between "addict" and "alcoholic."..Outside the rooms of AA mostly online have met a number of alcoholics who only abstain from alcohol and don't have a problem with a little weed or otherwise here and there. ..I have sometimes thought it strange that alcoholics call themselves addicts although they never had much of a chronic drug habit but the struggle is the same. I identify myself as an alcoholic out of respect for those that experienced years of hard drugs. Hanging around with junkies will put you in some different life situations rather than sitting around the house drinking alone. I've definitely been hooked on drugs for months at a time but alcohol is the thing that was always there. For me I'm a dirty booze hound but it's still an addiction so I get why people use the terms interchangeably.
Modern science and medicine may disagree with you. Alcoholism is in fact just another type of addiction. From an article on The Fix:.. As Dr. John Sharp an addiction-focused psychiatrist who specializes in the integration of mood disorders and addictions says  Alcoholism is an addiction it's just one type of addiction. When you break out the specific things that someone who is suffering from alcoholism contends with impaired control preoccupation with a drug using despite adverse consequences distortions in thinking most notably along the lines of denial they are no different from any other type of addict. .. Recently the American Society of Addiction Medicine came out with an updated definition of addiction which identified five other aspects: inability to abstain consistently impairment of behavioral control cravings diminished recognition of significant problems and dysfunctional emotion responses. I think it's fair to say you can apply those aspects to both drug users and alcoholics. 
Alcoholism is definitely an addiction...and I can 100% feel those cravings cross over into other aspects of my life when I'm not careful. Gaming sex chocolate...all of them come associated at times with the *same exact craving* that alcohol comes to me with. It's legitimately the same feeling; the same loss of control and the same obsession with getting that fix. ..Alcoholics are full blown addicts. Alcohol is their drug of choice. Shit gamers who have never drank or did drugs can *also* be addicts.
I have to keep it simple. The only requirement for membership is the desire to stop drinking. ..If I am using other mood altering substances to turn down the volume on life = relapse.  If used appropriately the same medication may simply be pain relief. ..To thy own self be true. If you relapse after a head full of AA you'll feel it in your gut and it SUCKS. 
Kratom for me gives me a mood lift similar too a cup or two of coffee in the morning. Not the same effect but similar and about the same intensity of effect...Comparing to coffee again: if you take huge quantities of kratom you may get sick or have some other effect. But try drinking a couple pots of coffee on an empty stomach... you'll get similar results.
What does your sponsor say when you ask him?
This is my point of view.  ..&amp;#x200B;..On one side people in AA are not Dr's.  And they should not have any opinion on what a Dr. prescribes to you.  It would be dangerous for people to get involved with these matters...&amp;#x200B;..On the other hand some of the drugs that are prescribed have side effects.  I dont think anyone really knows if a person is using a drug to get out of their own head or not.  You could make assumptions but that's not my call to make or get involved with.  I think that is why we hear it's between the person and their higher power.   I can provide my take on the matter if asked for perspective but that's as far as I would go...&amp;#x200B;..I'm prescribed gabapentin which makes me super foggy.  If you take a lot of it it can produce a high.  I take it as prescribed.  ..To me the fogginess I get from that might as well be the same as using marijuana.  ..But because it has a stigma pot is frowned upon in AA from my experiences even though it would can help people with certain issues and might not be addictive or lead to any other substances...&amp;#x200B;..Kratom is used often as a pain killer instead of opiates.  But it's not subscribed by Dr's so the assumption is that you dont know what's best for you and it's being used to get high.  I know that is not the case for many people.  Many have no other choice to get through their daily pain issues. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's something that we can go around in circles forever with.  If someone said that I wasnt sober for using CBD I personally feel that it opens up the avenue to argue that caffeine is something that takes you out of your normal state.  And that would be the last thing people would want to hear.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I envision old timers arguing around the clock over this back in the day trying to find a common ground and landing in the same spot time and time again just like we are now on the interwebs.  I think this conversation has been had time and time again and that is why they have no opinion on the matter.   
Thank them for the job application and politely inform them that the position of personal inventory taker has already been filled.
