-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aytg3v/struggling/

Good morning.  Little background... I was 18 months sober working AA and ALANON (my mother is an alcoholic too) until Aug last year as I wasn't working a program.  The last few months have been tough as I learn to live alone (post divorce) reentered dating field after 18 years and not keeping my contact with my higher power.  I finally hit a wall last week had my last drink last Sat and weed last Sun and started intensive outpatient on Monday...I just had a glass of wine as I'm struggling and was feeling alone and down this morning.  I had a plan for today (self care meeting get car serviced) and other than dropping off my car everything else went out the door.  I do have a support system including other women in AA and ALANON but I feel shame and don't contact them.  ..I guess I'm just looking for encouragement as I can get myself back on track or words of advice on how to get past my shame and reach out to the women that support me.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to all of this. I relapsed a couple months ago after a year on the wagon. Like you I slowly stopped working a program and hit a wall. It's humiliating and demoralizing but I try to remember that it's also incredibly common. Few people get this thing in one go. Everyone has been very welcoming to me as I've begun to re-enter my sober community and I would imagine that'd be true for your groups as well. ..Someone said to me recently that we have to choose between saving our faces and saving our asses. The recovery process is full of difficult humbling experiences and those words have helped me to swallow my pride and do what I know is best for my sobriety. ..How did you feel when you were working a program in touch with your higher power etc? ..
My advice would be to get back on the horse; get back to meetings get a sponsor and start over on the steps. ..Your experience shows it works-if you work it!
Well I may be assuming a bit here putting myself in your position I would not say that shame would keep me from very much although shame can be powerful what would be crippling me if i were in your position is fear. Fear is incredibly powerful it rips through my intentions in seconds and paralyzes me or sends me to look for escape...After some time in the program i had to admit i was powerless over my fears I simply could not fight them alone i was as powerless over them as alcohol and they did as much damage...Becoming aware of when fear was "driving my bus" and making my decisions was growth talking about them and being honest with others examining them to an extent and seeing perhaps where they came from and of course asking god for help with them. I don't really like the big book's term exactly asking god to remove them this brings an image to mind that if i ask god to remove a fear i'll wait and it will go away and i will get on with my day. This is not usually how it happens would be great if it did. ..It's more like god doesn't take the fear away as he gives me the courage to walk through it. this is my experience anyway...So to sum up if i'm right and this is your main problem - then your answer is not to be encouraged it is to surrender and ask for help.
I had 15 months twice and relapsed too. Similarly I had some early activity in AA (and outpatient) up until 9 month or so sober. Then life got busy (work family etc.) and Steps got hard (stopped on Step 4 twice). ..Shame and guilt became seeds of outright resentment in my case against the people I knew in AA and AA itself and its principles. I tried to get sober medically and psychologically and religiously (through organized religion) and these may have worked had I not been harboring a strong resentment and shame regarding AA. Anyway they didn't work...So just over 2 years ago I went to treatment after a terrible bender ending a 9 month run. I stopped fighting and just stayed and worked through the steps with a trusted sponsor. Today I have a 25 months and still am enlarging my recovery/spiritual life. This is working for me...The guilt/shame was insidious -- because really... I'm feeling *shame* over *drinking* in context of a group of **alcoholics**? What? Maybe they'll know I am an alcoholic...too?  It's laughable isn't it?? So let's laugh together and get to a meeting with others who will laugh with us -- and cry with us. ..&amp;#x200B;..All the best to you.
