-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/azcl4x/ptsd/

I use alcohol to self-medicate. I am on medication for PTSD but it doesn't always work. I am only a few days sober but I am having trouble coping with my anxiety and triggering experiences. I usually use alcohol to numb the pain but now it's all coming back at once. I have hope but I'm struggling. 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you ... I am struggling w/ anxiety and depression. I feel like every day is a struggle and some days I just don't want to do it ... I don't want to feel ... I don't want to be here. PM me if you'd like. Take care. 
It used to help my ptsd and other issues but ended up compounding sone of them. Trying to cope too. Cant sleep for long periods due to apnea not even alcohol could keep me down when i couldnt breath.
If you believe in something Greater than you or even if you don't ask the Universe for peace. Just a little peace so you can survive this moment. Know that you will be given everything you lack so turn your attention to your breath. Simply breathe in all that is good and breathe out all you don't need. You are stronger than you think. (I wrote this for myself but you inspired it thanks and good luck)
Please see a therapist for PTSD treatment. It is no surprise that this is happening. Medication doesn't work in combination with alcohol so it will take time. ..Exercise helped me with extreme anxiety. Focus on staying in the safety of the present moment. ..Again in addition to AA I hope you will see a therapist who specializes in PTSD. 
I don't have direct experience with this but both my sponsor and a guy I sponsor do...My sponsor told me what helped him the most was talking to a bunch of other vets who were just as fucked up as he was...Get to the VA. I know they get together there. 
probably not the help your looking for but a lot of veterans have found marijuana a lot more effective than alcohol or other drugs in dealing with ptsd. 
You're physically withdrawing from the alcohol so that will cause a massive increase in anxiety.    .That's why I did 2 or 3 meetings a day in the beginning getting exercise helps so much as well. Swim hike walk gym whatever .   ..This too shall pass 
