-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/aznp51/different_gendered_sponsor/

Hello. I've started going back to meetings this past week after one hell of a relapse-happy month. I got through seven and a half months of sobriety with few meetings no sponsor and no step work. ..That isn't working out so well so I'm all in this time. ..The problem I'm chewing over right now is that the guy I'd like to ask is a guy. I know there are few hard and fast rules in this program and there are very few things that aren't allowed so it's not a matter of a hard ruling that I'm worried about. ..Is different gendered sponsorship more common than what I've seen? Am I wrong about there not being an actual rule against it? How is it generally considered by the members of the fellowship?..It's not a heartbreak if I need to keep looking or just stop looking and ask the next woman who raises her hand when the call for willing sponsors is made. It's just that this dude is loud as fuck makes jokes and has been annoyingly happy both times I've seen him and my pessimistic angry sullen ass needs that kind of positivity right now. ..I need a cheerleader and bro seems like the cheeriest of leaders. So many women have reached out to me in a very short time and I'm so grateful to be building a network and actually *utilizing* it but when it comes to doing step work I want the guy who danced the fucking funky chicken into the room. ..Sorry a lot of words for a simple conundrum: what's your view on a sponsor of a different gender?
----------immediate responses--------

Do they have something you want in their life?..Are they a healthy example of recovery?..Do you feel you can trust this person?..AA is a fellowship of men and women. You'll find there is always tension between men and women and for that reason we suggest you go with someone who is of the same gender. This is by no means however a prescription for success....I had a female sponsor for 2 years when I joined AA I did not trust men due to a terrible relationship with my own father. This healed over time however and I was able to overcome this fear. Make sure you're not motivated by fear in your choice and make sure this person has something to teach you about recovery.
I know 2 girls in the program that have male sponsors. They are successful in recovery so it can work...I feel that I should add that it is quite obvious that the sponsors and sponsees are pretty much sexually incompatible. 
I've known several people who have done well with a sponsor of a different gender than they are. With a multitude of different life experiences sexual orientations and gender identities out there there are lots of good reasons for people to consider a sponsor of a different gender. Do what's right for you. 
I have sponsor men and women in the past with issues. I have zero problems with doing so if someone isn't recovered enough that they cannot help someone of the opposite wed they probably shouldn't sponsor anyone. 
If you're back new perhaps your inspired decisions aren't of the highest quality. In the absence of any practical reason for going against the grain of what works best for most you may want to be guided by a non-chicken dancer of your same sex for the first years...Be outlandish and fabulous as you like after you've done your amends.
No rules there do whatever works for you. . .The problem that can arise is although you don't have feelings for him he may for you. .Also they can develop over time due to the nature of the intimate relationship that is sponsor/sponsee. .  . .I actually had this problem. . .Im a guy I asked this guy to sponsor me. .I knew he was gay but I didn't care. .  .Long story short he hit on me. .   . .There is potential for problems with opposite gender sponsorship but theres potential for problems getting out of bed in the morning. .  .Check your motives. .Be honest with yourself. .   . Is this what best for my sobriety?   .Pray meditate trust God.To thine own self be true 
I've sponsored both men and women gay and straight rich and poor urban and rural liberal and conservative. My job as a sponsor is to guide someone thru the steps and the only requirements I ask is that they admit they are powerless over alcohol their lives had become unmanageable and that they are willing to do anything go to any lengths to stop drinking forever. ..Not everyone works out I've been  fired  and I've let sponsees go. I'm not a big believer in Burger King AA (Have it your way) &amp; prefer a good give and take of ideas &amp; interpretations. 
Three questions you need to ask two for the person and one for yourself:..- Has this person done the 12 steps as outlined in the BB of AA?..- Has this person had a spiritual awakening?..- Do you have any ulterior motivations for wanting to picking one person over the other?
Hey thanks so much for this post! It is a really important topic and question!..To be crystal clear: anyone saying there is a rule that your sponsor has to be the same gender as you is completely wrong. This goes against both the big book and the traditions of Alcoholics Anonymous. ..In the beginning any women who came to Alcoholics Anonymous had to be guided through the steps by a man. Not only did the process worked it worked more often and more quickly by far than what AA's current stats show for recovery now...Over the years our fellowship has introduced innumerable concepts and ideas that have nothing to do with the Alcoholics Anonymous 12 Step program of recovery. ..A sponsor's job is to teach you the Steps to take you through them rapidly to produce a psychic change as the result of the spiritual awakening they produce. Why a man or woman who has had that experience couldn't show you how to do it is beyond me and again not stated anywhere in our basic text.
Almost all of the women I know with good long term (30 years+) sobriety have/had male sponsors. .Just check your motivation. ..Things to consider: is there attraction on either side? Will you feel comfortable going over your sex inventory with him? Do you want a male sponsor because you think you can manipulate him? Do you want a male sponsor because you're a rebel and the rules say not to have one? ..I got my first sponsee because she got to her fourth step with a male sponsor and then realized she wanted to do that with a woman so make sure you consider that. .I wanted a male sponsor at first because I was a "guy's girl" "I don't get along with women" etc. Having a female sponsor really helped me get over my fears of intimacy with other women. 
There is absolutely no possible way I could have completed a fearless and searching moral inventory Step 4 including sexual inventory with someone of the opposite sex.  Maybe that's just me but I had some baggage in this area that was even uncomfortable to share with my same sex sponsor.
i would suggest listening to the shares and see who seems like they could help you rather than just pick some chick who puts her hand up during the temp sponsor offering. then if it isn't working try someone else. perhaps examine motivations if you want to switch. are they calling you on your bullshit or are they really not a good fit for who you are. ..i would not be able to be honest with someone of the opposite gender due to shame and it would affect how i went through the steps. i personally have found that opposite gender is not guarantee to not be attracted to someone. the program and recovery can stir up feelings. ..&amp;#x200B;
