-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/azqxns/i_have_an_alcoholic_father_that_occasionally/

My father is a heavy drinker. He will chug bottles of whiskey within a few hours. He will sometimes break out (about once a year). He will verbally and emotionally abuse my mother. They went out to dinner once with their family friend (My younger sister and I were not there) and he drank a lot. He called my mom a horrible person in the restaurant and flipped her off in front of everyone. I cannot understand why he would do such a thing like this. ..&amp;#x200B;..This summer he  physically abused her. He pushed her and my sister down against a wall. Luckily no broken bones and only bruises. I was so traumatized for the next few days I asked for a week off of work. When that happened I wanted my parents to get a divorce so badly but didn't know how to bring it up. ..&amp;#x200B;..Both my parents were abused by their parents. I have not seen my relatives for at least 10 years. My parents cut them off. My grandfather on my father's side died from consuming too much alcohol in a short period. My mother's parents emotionally physically and verbally abused her to near death.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Now I'm a senior in high school I'm leaving the house in just a few months. At this point I'm not sure if I want to help my father become sober. He's given me financial support up until now willing to pay for my college funds he's been there: but financially (which I understand is HUGE but I feel little to no emotional connection to him). My sister is just starting high school next year. I feel bad that she'll struggle through this alone for at least four years. Is it ok to kind of ignore my father's issues? I am sure they will get a divorce once my sister graduates high school (4 years). I won't be at home during the wait. Is that ok? Should I actively help? I'm just lost because I cannot open up like this to my friends irl. 
----------immediate responses--------

Alanon is better for you it's made for people just like you that deal like people like us :).../r/alanon
You can't really stop someone who doesn't want to stop. Your best bet (also for your sister) is to try to find a support group to deal with each of your own issues &amp; help you to understand how your family dynamics are affecting each of you. I've found Al-Anon helpful and know in some areas there are support groups at local hospitals or at Alcohol and Drug Abuse Councils (ADAC). Just do a search to see if you have a local ADAC. ..
Leaving the house is the best option introduce yourself and your mom to Alanon the rest will follow- it won't be immediate but you'll get answers.
I'd recommend alateen for you. They are a group specifically for the children of alcoholics. They can help you deal with your father even if he never ends up getting sober. 
They will work with you to better understand what your father is doing. They may have suggestions relating to helping your father as well but unless he really wants to stop - he won't. 
