-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b08gqd/one_day_back/

I had almost 2 1/2 years and I relapsed last night. I feel so terrible and hate myself so bad. I need to get through the day and I'm sure I can. I plan on going to a meeting tomorrow and ratting myself out. I even got cut off at the bar and they gave me coffee so embarrassing so upset. I could use some help.
----------immediate responses--------

I went out after 7.5 years of sobriety and stayed out for a long time. I swore I would never come back to AA but when things got shitty enough and I was on the verge of losing everything including my life there was nowhere I wanted to be more than an AA meeting. I hadn't been in a meeting in about 5 years and never thought I would be that person shaking and sweating at the back of the room starting over at day 1 but I was...Going out after I had some time under my belt and then struggling to get back gave me the willingness to work this program more honestly than I ever have before. Today I have the best recovery of my life a connection to a higher power and a peaceful spiritual way of living. ..The true depth of my disease was revealed to me through my relapse and I am grateful for that. Cunning baffling powerful is right...Get to a meeting ASAP and get right back in the middle where you are safest. Work the steps talk to your sponsor and your recovery can ultimately be stronger because of this experience. 
Hi Veronica thank you for posting. ..I hope you are alright and would like to offer you this encouragement. As a recovered alcoholic the central focus of my life is carrying the message and practicing the principles of Alcoholics Anonymous in everything I do. But that only came as the result of having taken the 12 steps. ..Before I went through the 12 steps with a recovered alcoholic who understood powerlessness and the chronic hopeless condition from which I suffered I had absolutely no ability to control whether I would drink or not in addition to all sorts of other problems in my life that kept caving in on me...The program offers us a design for living through the spiritual awakening the 12 steps produces but until we have gone through that process we remain in the internal condition we were in when we came to Alcoholics Anonymous. ..If I completely accept that I am physically and mentally different from my fellows meaning I cannot guarantee control over how much alcohol I drink once I have the first one and I cannot stop for good on my own power then the question is how to stop and stay stopped for good. The spiritual awakening produces by the steps connects me to a power greater than myself by which I can live not only resulting in the obsession to drink being removed but also giving me innumerable tools to improve my reaction to life and to my internal condition...If I have been through the steps and am still suffering from that internal condition finding myself restless irritable and discontented I have to ask myself if I am continuing to take daily inventory practice prayer and meditation and carrying the clear-cut directions on the 12 steps from the Big Book to other alcoholics. If I am not there are further directions in the book and from my sponsor on how to do just that (Steps 10 11 and 12.)..If I have not gone through the steps with guidance from another alcoholic who has recovered by going through them then my predicament is more obvious: I need to do the steps. ..If you go to page 44 in the Big Book and honestly answer the two qualifying points made in the first paragraph thereby self-diagnosing as a real alcoholic the great news is the book contains precise directions on how you can recover from that state. ..Find a recovered alcoholic to take you through the steps rapidly as the early AAers did and you will get the results they got. 
Welcome back. Meetings sponsor steps. Keep the faith  
Glad you made it back.   
u/veronica977 Like all of us alcoholics you are a human being with feelings desires resentments good days and bad days. Recovery isn't an easy path and you slipped. Crap happens...You've come back to us and we are all so glad to see you. We won't judge you because all of us are only one arm's length away from a drink...There's a great life stretching out ahead of you so take a hold of it and live it - one day at a time. Stay well my friend.
I was you 19+ years ago. I had 2.5+ years when I went out for one night. For me I had to get honest most of all with myself. Good for you getting back to the rooms. Keep coming back!
Wow good for you on getting back on this side quickly. Really makes a lot of sense because more drinking might send you out for a few more years. No fun in that.
Glad you are back! It is ok.  We claim spiritual progress not spiritual perfection. :-) The greatest thing about this crazy life we live is we can start again. So...start again. Count your blessings. You are embarrassed but alive. Shamed but not broken.  Step up your program. You already know how great life will quickly become. ..
I want to thank everyone for being so welcoming. It really makes me feel good.I was tempted again last night when someone texted me they were going to the bar and wanted me to meet them. I said no and blocked the person. I am happy to report I have 2 days back today. 
