-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b0q5lt/one_week_sober/

This has been the longest week of my life but in a good way. I went from being in the hospital last Tuesday and wanting to die to being excited about living again. I have only been to  4 meetings but those 4 meetings have really given me a kick in the ass and I'm excited to move forward. I'm struggling with so much but now I know that I don't have to face it alone. I cry all day and smoke way too many cigarettes but at least I'm not drinking and I just have to remember that. Someone said to me the other day  they say one day at a time but it feels like one minute at a time.  It sure does feel that way but I'm trying to appreciate those minutes as much as I can. 
----------immediate responses--------

Get a sponsor! So happy to hear you are embracing recovery. You are exactly right you are most certainly not in this alone. We're all here with you and in the same boat.
Congratulations and welcome to your new wonderful life. You are among non-judgemental friends who will always have your back. Reach out at any time and one of us will be here for you...Stick with the winners - one day at a time.  
It gets better and better if you want it to! Wishing you all the support you can get..
You can do this!  It definitely gets better. I'm coming up on one year but just found a journal entry today from my first DAY sober and had noted that it was pure torture.  I remember it well. I had to re-learn who I was and am learning more everyday. The rewards are endless hang in there  you got this. 
-You only live once..- That's not true. You only die once. You live everyday...Keep on keeping on. Day 8!!!! Good for you!!
Congrats! It was one hour at a time for me almost 3 years ago now. Read  Recovery  by Russell Brand. He's funny and keeps it real. Also pick up the big book at your next meeting. Keep fighting you're worth it
We're all really proud of you we've been there and it's super hard. Keep hitting meetings work the program and most importantly   welcome. We're all in this with you!
