-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b0ww9z/telling_members_about_someone_else_relapsing/

Is it normal for members of AA to tell each other about someone else relapsing? I went to a meeting and everyone seemed to know my business. These are not people I know. I had confided in a friend in the program and I guess she told everyone about it. I was not ready to talk about it. It struck me as odd and gossipy. Feeling violated. What do you guys think?
----------immediate responses--------

Now im worried that things I say in confidence to other people just get repeated
AA is filled with people. Some people gossip. Unfortunately you seemed to have confided in someone who couldn't be trusted. ..I know how hurt you must be. I can't say what you should do. But she owes you an amends if she told your private business. Try to talk with her about what was done. 
Lesson learned hopefully. . .They read it it at the beginning of every meeting in my area.    . How it works ."we share in a GENERAL WAY.........". .  .So many people think being honest means to tell everyone private information about ourselves.    .I don't share anything with anyone that I wouldn't publicly disclose.. .Trust us earned no given especially in AA..  .In another comment someone said that person owes you an amends. .That's terrible advice.    ..What I've learned in AA is to put aside what the other person did entirely and look at my part.     .We take our own inventory not others.  ..What did I do to set the ball rolling?      ..That's what I can change so this same thing doesn't happen again.  ...If I need other people to change for me to be ok then I'm fucked. .  .  .. .
My home group is a bunch of old timers and they are very strict no one in the room discusses anyone going out..When I relapse I announce it and I get nothing but support no judgements..I think that is not cool she did that.
No I don't think it is normal. Still it is wise to be cautious about what you tell others in the program. Wait until you get to know a person very well before you confide in them. AA is a motley crew. ..If you don't want something gossiped about don't tell anyone.
When someone in the group gets drunk. The word gets out fairly quickly.  I know it's not ideal but it's human nature.  And when we are all dealing with life and death issues and someone starts drinking again it's a big deal. 
