-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b14f5c/relapse/

I relapsed the last two days. I felt the thought creep and it seemed to manifest before I could try to combat it.  In any case it all does come down to a choice and more than clean time gone (cuz to me that is still there with a lot of work) I'm struggling with being able to accept and move on. I ended up in the ER because the alcohol had such horrible effects on my gastritis I'm having to take it as a blessing in disguise because that is an easy way to disourage any cunning thoughts
----------immediate responses--------

You're in the right place! I'm proud of you for talking about! Relapse is a hard subject to talk about a lot of times there's feelings of shame surrounding it. But page 83 of the BB says  We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it.   ..We can learn a lot of lessons from our past that will help us in recovery. But sometimes I don't do the soul searching right away. If an emotional event just happened I go to a meeting talk with another alcoholic and wait until I'm emotionally ready to sift through what happened. This works for me because if I'm already on edge from an event that happened I know I am placing myself at more risk of a relapse by going over it and over it in my head. Getting perspective from a meeting and others really helps prepare me for self examination...I hope you can get to a meeting soon! Thanks for letting me share. ..
I relapsed several times my first year in AA. I kept going back that's literally what saved me. I am happy to hear you are relatively ok and you are still with us! &lt;3 (still w us sounds kind of creepy but you know what I mean haha)
Sounds like that was a poor choice. If you make the same choice again will that tell you anything useful?
Getting started stopping drinking can be difficult.  Keep trying and don't repeat what doesn't work.  If it is too hard to do by yourself get help.
Drinking alcohol is the most natural thing we can do. . .The thought crept in and you couldn't stop it I can totally relate. That's what they are talking about that at certain times we are without mental defense against the first drink. .Left to my own thinking I will always "decide" or "choose" to drink again..  .I am without choice over the FIRST drink the choice I have today is to do the steps on a daily basis To seek and do "God's" will. .If I choose to not do that for long enough I will then choose to pick up a drink every time.   .Then once I pick up that first one I can't stop.  .  .Step 1 it's the hardest one to get many never do get it and always think they make the wrong choice and get loaded. Multiple friends of mine "decided" to drink/drug again and again and are now dead kind of a fucked up "choice" they made. .   .  .But here's the good news even though I'm powerless over alcohol aka an alcoholic I'm over a decade sober thanks to the AA program (big book) so there's always hope! .   .Welcome back.  .  .Read the big book....... Again    . . .
It's difficult but today is a new path on an old journey. Congratulations on your renewed commitment to your sobriety. Catch a meeting talk to your sponsor ASAP and if you don't have one maybe it's time to start looking. Good luck friend. I'm rooting for you. 
