-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b19g1b/feeling_like_relapsing_i_need_serious_help/


----------immediate responses--------

Suggestions:..- Make conscious contact with your higher power through prayer meditation or whatever you use. Sometimes I have to remain in meditation for a long time to get through shitty feelings. But I can't drink and meditate at the same time...- Call your sponsor or a sober friend to see if they can meet up for coffee or even just chat over the phone. Sometimes I need to be with another sober person to remember how much this program has given me and how much I stand to lose if I fuck it up again...- If the first person you call doesn't answer call someone else. Repeat as necessary...- Get to a meeting at the earliest opportunity. For me physically being in the rooms of AA is some of the best protection in weak moments. 
I'm early in my recovery 107 days the longest sobriety of my life I'm 40 years old I got into a relationship just two weeks ago and she left me yesterday because her ex-boyfriend is in town now and she said she didn't have time for me because she had to help him look I'm not stupid I know what that's all about I have been crying like a little bitch all day and you know what they say the best part about getting clean and staying sober is you get your feelings back in the worst part about getting clean and staying sober is you get your feelings back I have not cried one tear in almost 8 years I'm a heroin addict that shit took every single emotion and feelings that I have I can't control if someone loves me or not or if they want to be with me but I seriously don't know what to do I'm very scared right now nothing is working I'm praying meditating I've talked to my sponsor and many more alcoholics but every time I get up I'm right back down please give me some words of encouragement because if I relapse I will go die on purpose God's not showing up today!!!!
Maybe this is why they suggest not getting into relationships for at least a year. 107 days isn't even 4 months. I'm not too big on some of the time constraints but this one for most people seems to ring true. I found that in early recovery I turned to others to make me feel good whole loved and being in early love is one of the best get highs I know. ..Just because you  feel  like doing something doesn't mean you have to. Sometimes I feel like driving real fast on a lonely stretch of road but the thought of getting a ticket brings me back to reality. You've already said what that reality would be for you if you picked up.  Feelings aren't facts.  
man that was beautifully said but I'm better now just was feeling very down you no what I mean!!!
your so rite about everything you said and thank you so much
 I'm really glad I posted on here like this because y'all's words has made me feel so much better I talk to you few people last night and man everybody's right I need to work on me first indefinitely not being any relationship in that kind of way but I definitely learned something big acceptance is the key but I also got to be willing to accept so willingness and acceptance thank you man I appreciate you again
I love the help that I have gotten from these comments I will definitely take the suggestions it was all perfectly said Thank you again buddy I was just seriously in my feelings and it was miserable I need to work on me and you only I'm still trying to help another alcoholic at the same time you know what I mean you have a blessed day now!
