-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b1dfs3/will_aa_work_without_a_higher_power/

I keep struggling with staying on track with sobriety and I've read a lot on reddit about how AA really helps people find the right tools to finally stick with it. I've [21F] been wanting to try out a meeting just to see what it's like but I'm worried it's not the best program for me as I am an atheist. I don't mind a prayer or two throughout meetings but I was wondering how much of the program is depending on a higher power. Will I be able to work through the steps if I don't believe there is one?
----------immediate responses--------

Try smart meetings
You won't be able to work through the steps effectively if you don't believe in higher power...Higher power doesn't equal God...Your higher power might be AA itself community your family or anything else.
I came into the program an atheist. ..I am still an atheist but now I consider myself more spiritual. I do not believe in a god or gods but I do believe in connections among people and I call my higher power the Universe...Most meetings are very easy for an atheist. I don't say  god  before the serenity prayer. I don't say the Lords Prayer. But mostly people share about how their HP helped them not who exactly their HP is so I don't feel like it's being  pushed down my throat  or anything. ..I thought my atheism was going to be a huge barrier and in the end I just had to be open-minded and take in what helped me and leave the rest. It turned out to be a fairly non-issue. There's a lot of atheists in the rooms and there's A LOT of people that believe in a sort of God but HATE organized religion.  
https://aaagnostica.org/  https://aabeyondbelief.org/  https://cthreefoundation.org/the-sinclair-method  https://www.smartrecovery.org/  https://rational.org/index.php?id=1  http://www.sossobriety.org/..You can check all of these sites and maybe you can find something you prefer. AA is a spiritual program based upon finding a power of your own conception greater than yourself. If you take spirituality and the concept of a power greater than yourself out of Alcoholics Anonymous then (despite what anyone says) it is no longer Alcoholics Anonymous. ..If one does not like cherries but wants a slice of pie and you replace the cherries with apples it is no longer cherry pie no matter what label you put on it. 
Take a look at Step 2.  A higher power is fundamental to the program. 
I'm an atheist too which is not something that AA confronts they only focus on agnostics which is fine because as others have said the option to spirituality is a necessity.  I don't have that either.  ..For me my sobriety journey is mine to handle how it works for me.  If I want to go to AA meetings but not pray or be spiritual or believe in a higher power that's fine.  If AAs then want to say I'm not "an AA" that's also fine.  I still won't drink.   ..Accessibility to non-spiritual sobriety programs is a real gap.  There's a lot of resources online but not so much in person.  So I go to AA meetings and make contacts and network because having people in the same situation I've found to be comforting and helpful without even the AA overhead.  I don't label myself as "an AA" and I don't waste their time by fighting against their program in return for them providing a safe space for my recognition of my alcoholism.  ..I'm sure AAs will say I'll fail and I'll drink again since I'm not doing the program.  That's also fine.  I've heard plenty of relapse stories of people who have worked the program.  ..Also look into general therapy options.  And visit /r/stopdrinking..There are others of us around.  If you go to meetings listen for people who are also doing therapy mention they're on medication or also don't pray at meetings.  It's ok. 
Yes you can make this program work for you. Please check out this AA official pamphlet on the subject:..https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-86_theGodWord.pdf .
In my experience it really comes down to not looking to myself for a solution to my alcoholism. I don't have a solution to my drinking. All of my efforts failed. "Higher" really equals "outside me" to me. The group the principles whatever's energizing the universe dunno whatever. It's been working for 24 years for me. 
For me I identify as atheist and have stopped saying the prayers. I use the time to think. Having been raised on the Lord's Prayer in school the words are pretty much meaningless. ..Now as to the HP thing. The group is my HP and it works well. I try not to share when everyone is talking about their relationship with god. ..It hasn't been easy although it will definitely work. ..Good luck. 
I'm an atheist over five years sober. There is nothing magical or supernatural about my sobriety. Indeed I am sober in SPITE of that language in the literature and steps not because of it..."Higher Power" does sound religious yes but the point of this language is to just acknowledge that you don't know everything don't necessarily know what's good for you and that you should ask for help even when you think you may not need it...My higher power? It's human power. It's the community. It's the others in the program. That's what does it. There's nothing magical or supernatural about that. 
A lot depends on the guidance you get from the sponsor you choose. A good one will show you how this is done. Choose wisely.
A lot of people have said this but just wanted to add on a bit. The language of the book can feel really off-putting if you are bothered by the use of  spiritual terminology. That's something you'll have to resolve for yourself but the book also makes clear that it is up to you to decide what your understanding of a higher power is and what those terms mean to you. You can absolutely be an atheist AND work the program. Please don't let the word "god" in the steps prevent you from working them. Meetings are great but for most people meetings alone are not enough to stay sober and serene (you might get one or the other for varying lengths but not long-term). ..One of the anacronyms that you might find helpful is Group Of Drunks (so cheesy sorry but it's practically canon at this point). A higher power just has to be two things: 1-not you and 2-bigger than you. A group of people who are successfully staying sober is both of those things and is totally sufficient as a Higher Power. When you look at step three for example which is "made a decision to turn our will and our life over to 'God' as we understand 'God' you can think of working this step by simply putting your trust in the community of AA and its principles. If you need guidance bring those questions to the group. If you're struggling with something keep your ears open in meetings and try to hear some solution. Plus you can find a sponsor whose spirituality or non-spirituality is aligned with yours and they can help walk you through the steps in a way that makes sense for your beliefs. ..The TL;DR is that you get to make up your own higher power in AA and it doesn't have to be any kind of spiritual entity. I came into the program super averse to the idea of a sky-man-with-beard. I still don't believe in that shit and I've been sober for a good chunk of time now. AA can feel weirdly "churchy" at times but it is definitely not church. My old sponsor had me write in my book "church calls us to be good. AA calls us to be honest". This helped me to distinguish the two and soothed some of my concerns and I hope it can do that for you. .
I was an atheist when I originally came into the program almost five years ago (didn't get sober for several more years but yeah). ..&amp;#x200B;..There's a question in the book that says something about being \*willing\* to believe that there's a higher power that can help you recover from alcoholism. In my AA book back in 2014 I wrote 'I hope so'. Today I have 100% faith that there is a God that works in my life and has helped me to stay sober and continue to grow in my sobriety...The chapter in the book "We Agnostics" helped me to be open to the possibility of believing in something I highly recommend reading it. It tipped me from being an atheist to being more agnostic-- like "well maybe there is something out there but I doubt it would give a shit about me". I slowly started to believe in the power of the universe some force that connects all of us. And I do believe we are all connected with each other and the environment around us. Like the simple relationship between humans and trees with oxygen/carbon dioxide...Over time and through working the steps I've come to believe in a God of my understanding. That's what working the steps does-- it produces a spiritual experience and connects you with God... To start working the more "God-oriented" steps all you need is a willingness to believe. And if you've reached a point in your alcoholism where nothing else is working... well for me absolutely I was willing to believe in something anything at that point because I was dying and had no other options...also if you decide AA is for you or something you'd like to explore more of I highly recommend getting involved with any young people groups in your area! They have events conferences all kinds of fun stuff and it's great getting connected to other people who are young and sober.
The good news is the steps contain a very important phrase. "As we understood him". "God" can be anything you want. Most people use the judeo Christian god because they were raised on it. But your higher power can be anything that you can do business with. 
For me working the steps would have been very difficult without a higher power. I would strongly recommend finding something but as people have said it doesn't have to be God. I've known some people who have chosen the ocean a large boulder the cosmos science even the group itself. And of course the doorknob. But be wary of choosing the doorknob--it could always turn on you! 
I am also an atheist in AA. The way that I have worked the 2nd and 3rd steps in particular is that I just need to know that I am not god. I don't need to believe in a god though I have come to develop a higher power myself that is the universe or connectedness or whatever. Once I surrendered control to something anything outside of myself I was able to move forward. 
I came into the program an ardent atheist.  After enough pain I finally gave prayer and meditation a try.  I don't know what I believe in but all I know is that prayer and meditation worked for me.  
I'm an atheist and the way that I think about it is that there is power amongst people all trying to achieve the same goal. That to me is my higher power. Together we can achieve what I cannot alone...That's enough for me.
It wouldn't work for me but there are plenty of atheists in AA
The only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking.
I'm not religious either but AA has helped reach 22 days of sobriety (longest in 3 years) the higher power for me is the love and support of the other alcoholics in the fellowship. Try it..u have nothing to lose!
Works for me 30+ years....My dog serves as a higher power.   ..Do consider my self more spiritual though whatever that means.
Absolutely its the overall sense of humility that's the secret sauce of the program anyways.
as an atheist i just go to meeting which is helpful but i gave up on trying to work "the program" once i stopped stressing about that i was able to enjoy being part of the group. i also worked a different program in addition to going to aa meetings so it wasn't meetings alone that have kept me sober.
If I am unable or unwilling to believe in the possibility of a power greater than myself that can restore me to sanity I will likely remain insane.  If I am willing to consider the possibility I have hope.  If I can stop drinking without  any help I should go ahead and do it by myself...In other words if I am powerless over alcohol i.e. addicted and there is no power greater than me to help me stop drinking I am sort of screwed.  Think about being struck by a poisonous snake without the antidote or a cave man with appendicitis before surgery.
