-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b2lkgh/relapsed/

My girlfriend supported me as I stopped drinking. The shakes emotional rollercoasters the self hate....she was there through it all. I was 9 months sober. Then out of no where she broke my heart. I drank until I couldn't feel the pain any more. And I can't stop....but I need to
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have a sponsor? Do you work the steps? Do you pray daily? Do you have a home group &amp;/or do any service work? Do you call/work with any other alcoholics from meetings? ..These are the things that keep me sober &amp; sane to this day. Constant work in the program is key to keeping what I have 
As a newly recovering alcoholic I am just beginning to learn how to deal with life on life's terms again. Unfortunately we are recommended to stay out of relationships for the first year for a reason - they are level 10 situations we simply aren't ready to deal with properly yet. Hence you reaching for the bottle. I did the same thing after my breakup so I speak from personal experience...You have to think of the positives. Now you aren't getting sober to maintain your girlfriend you are getting sober FOR YOU. That's the only way to do it...It's a blessing in disguise. But what do you do now? Time heals all. In the interim PICK UP THE PHONE. GO TO MEETINGS. GET OR TALK TO YOUR SPONSOR...Post here too! But the 3 things above are primary things and reddit cannot replace them. But it certainly helps!
You're better off recovering without a relationship. I know it sounds cold and mean and maybe even stupid but AA is best done without someone who's go their own opinion unless they go to Alanon too.
Hope you can cut this short. No extra points for suffering longer. 
I would surmise that you getting sober took away her role of being your enabler. You have exposed the truth of the dynamics of the relationship...I went through a gnarly break up that sent me into a spiral of drinking; I hit a new bottom of absolute depression/suicide. I was so desperate to stop feeling that way. I went to a meeting and went the next day and the next. If but for an hour a day I was able to escape my thoughts. By my new habit did I make new connections reached out for help got a sponsor started a program... I'm starting to feel whole once again. ..&amp;#x200B;..To continue to drink would not have changed the harsh fact that the person left me. Alcohol is not the solution and deep down you know this. Get to a meeting and get connected with people who understand what you're going through. ..&amp;#x200B;
Hi i hope that you take the good way soon. Being consuming it's not gonna help anything...In my case this first year that I've been sober its being very complicated also for my wife. But what i learn from the 12 steps program is that i cant control to other person i need to work in me and my problems to be able to be better with others...Its an opportunity for you to work in yourself! And if you leave the decisions of other persons and your defect to a higher power you are going to see a change! ..You must trust and have faith! ..Hope to get well soon!
If you can't stop then please get help ASAP. Then get and stay sober for you. Put that above all else and you will find through the heartbreaks and new loves the successes and setbacks that you can live life on life's terms and remain sober IF YOU DO THE WORK!
I knew the pain of drinking was worse than the pain I was trying to forget. Still I made myself suffer a long time. Too stubborn and scared to quit. Been clean for a few years now. I always have to remind myself that lousy feeling are still a blessing. Good luck. Get medical help if you know you'll be getting the DTs. 
Congratulations on your nine months and I know this will sound strange but congratulations on the break up. Go to meetings ask for help. You've done this before and you'll do it again. This hurts but it is building up your emotional resilience. Regardless of your relationship status you are worthy of recovery- even if you don't feel it right now. Good luck- reach out and you will receive. Your higher power will take charge and show you the way to go. 
What did you learn from drinking again?..Your girlfriends support or lack there of is probably not enough to keep you sober...I personally started my 10 year run because of a bad break up but at some point I was no longer drinking to mask pain I was using it to justify my drinking. I used to say "If you felt like I did you would drink to"...The reality was this is a 3 pronged disease. It is mental physical and spiritual. I had to treat all three of those things to get better...I have faith in you man. Get back up and give it another shot. The fight isnt over until you win.
First of all relapsing doesn't negate your 9 month achievement. You did you body mind and everyone around you such a favor by giving yourself those 9 months of sobriety. You slipped under difficult circumstances. You will get better at dealing with those things as well. For now keep adding on to those 9 months.  I believe you'll be able to say in a few months  I am at 1 year with 1 slip up . You are not starting over again. Just keep moving forward and learn to accept the things you cannot control. 
Hang in there and go to a meeting. The turning point for me was realizing that at any moment my  wife could leave me take the house and the kids even if I did stay sober. Realizing this I decided I would stay sober for myself no matter what bad shit came my way. Being selfish with my sobriety has made me a more selfless husband and father. 
Don't beat yourself up... We have all relapsed a thousand times just we never had a chip to pick up. Get to your home group tell them what happened ask for their help and support. You are not alone in your struggle we are right there carrying you when can't walk. You will get sober and stay sober with support...May God bless you and keep you til then
Welcome back i wish you a easy recovery this time friend! 
It was explained to me that maybe I don't have a drinking problem. My problem is life and alcohol is my solution but instead of fixing things just adds to my problems. ..The solution is finding God thru the steps. 
