-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b3rksl/struggling_to_find_myself/

I really need some help here I honestly don't know what to do anymore. I am 23 years old and I am about to graduate college but I've done a number on my life with drinking and other things (legal relationships etc.). I've been in and out of the rooms but mostly out. I don't really drink anymore but I smoke marijuana. Yet every time I smoke I get this shameful feeling because I used to be sober and apart of my local AA community. I am extremely self conscious about myself and my past yet I continue to smoke even though I know I shouldn't. If anyone has any sort of insight here I would love to hear it I just want to be happy with myself and be acceptable to God. Thanks everyone 
----------immediate responses--------

Well if you are an alcoholic and are just changing addictions (which it sounds like from your tone ) then this will probably not work for you for long...If you are an alcoholic you may be making a serious mistake that many of us do. The idea that if I just quit drinking - my life will get better is one that we cling to even when the evidence proves different...Quitting drinking was only the start of getting better for me unfortunately i needed to be sober and have the temptation of easy quick fixes ways to relieve my pain quickly removed. ..Only when all other doors were closed and locked to me was i willing to take the actions that i feared so much. It turned out the things the steps make me do are the only answer for people like me and the longer i put it off i was just prolonging my own misery...Since doing the things i had balked at and run away from - my life has improved it is worth it. if you are one of us it will work for you too.
The answer is to get back into the rooms and start again. Do the steps start linking up with a sponsor and join a home group. 
Sounds like you already have the answer stop smoking and get back to AA.  Do it or don't do it but just know if you are not doing it you are not doing it.  It's that simple.
I'm a hardcore vegan.  But I still eat cheeseburgers........This thinking doesn't get me very far.  Clarity and action only work when you are clear and active...The judgement I felt from others was really the self loathing and hatred I had of myself...The only validation you need is inside.  ..When I accepted that fact I started to do the work....slowly.  ..I'm still in the thick of it.  But with a clear mind and and pure heart.  ..I stopped making my own rules ( never worked anyway ) and listened to those that have done it...Good luck!
