-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b4dxf3/being_triggered_feeling_like_i_should_leave_but/

Hi folks ..So I'm feeling pretty triggered right now because my roommate (who i'm holding resentments for despite a fourth and who I recently realized isn't treating me that great) brought over the guy she's seeing. Men trigger me seeing her have flings over so often trigger me but it's mostly because I've just got back from vacation. I was gone for two weeks visiting my dying grandmother and for three days before I left this same boy was here stayed over and they were in the home. Then I came home for one day and he was here again sleeping over. I left for two days and then came back tonight and he's here again. I'm getting resentful and so I removed myself form the living room before he came over so I didn't get angry at her and say something mean. She noticed and noted I could stay in the living room since they were staying in her bedroom. I said I didn't want to stay there. I'm in my bedroom but hearing their voices and blasted my music just feels like an itch i'm not able to scratch. ..&amp;#x200B;..There's no late night meetings. My sponsor is sleeping and I already talked to her twice tonight. My one go to AA friend hasn't replied from an unrelated text hours ago so I'd like to give her space. I'm thinking I should go to the gym and just get out of the house and do something productive and step back. I'm struggling to actually commit. There's this mental block about having to leave to be relieved when this is my home too. I'm struggling to let go and stop controlling this ......&amp;#x200B;..Any advice? ..Any encouragement just to get my ass out of the house.
----------immediate responses--------

Get out of the house and go to the gym. It's a good idea. Talk to your roommate in the morning about the living arrangements and maybe give her some insight on why it bothers you. The communication will do wonders.
I have mental illness and physical disability. I just read something yesterday that said it's not other people's responsibility to understand my disease. That was pretty brutal for me. It said it's my responsibility to take care of my diseases. So based on that I would say do whatever you need to take care of yourself right now. You are worth it! Unfortunately you can't change your roommates behavior. Maybe in the future you get a different one?  The point being you have a lot of options to take care of yourself even though it doesn't seem like it...
I think you should spend time praying journaling or meditating on why you have such resentment over this and then give it to God. It is perfectly normal for a couple to want to spend time together. This goes hand in hand with having roommates. Accept what you can't change. Change what you can. You only have control over your reaction...not over them. ..What really helps me is to tell myself I am putting this issue aside for 12 hours and if I am still upset in 12 hours I can address it them. ..Let go. Let God. You got this. :-) 
Move a muscle change a thought right?  This works for me every single time.  Stay in the moment and take care of yourself and your sobriety- 
I'd read pages 60-63 do the columns say the sick man prayer and call my sponsor. If he didn't answer I'd read them to his voicemail. .  
