-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b50v8c/struggling_with_a_break_up/

Not sure if you guys can help me out here but I thought I'd give it a go and see if there's anything I can do to help. I'm currently doing my 4th step and I've got a sponsor who I'll be talking to about this issue shortly...Basically I'm 5 months out of a toxic relationship. My ex broke up with me over 30 times and was manipulative. I have very low self esteem and no self worth which is what I believe led me to drink as it numbed the pain and made me feel indifferent. I allowed her to treat me like shit until I got the courage to say enough is enough. When she would break up with me I would go on a bender. This time I've managed not to because of AA and I'm 4 month sober...I'm struggling to deal with it and a big part of the problem is that I keep looking on her Facebook and yeah I know that's a major problem. I'm seeing her flirt with guys and even though she treated me like shit and I had to end it for my own mental health I'm feeling like shit. I'm comparing myself to the guys she's flirting with. I'm trying to see if I can trace this back to a character defect. I've looked into what I'm feeling and it appears it could be trauma bonding. A trauma bond is a bond that forms due to intense emotional experiences usually with a toxic person...Is there anything I can apply from the 12 steps to help me through this difficult time? The main thing is for me to keep away from her which I'm doing even though she's tried to Hoover me back in 5 times. I'm just afraid that if I see she's in another relationship I'm not going to be strong enough yet to deal with it. It's madness and my head tells me I'm doing the right thing but my heart is breaking...Thank you in advance. 
----------immediate responses--------

Delete Facebook for a while.  
Delete Facebook. .You need to focus on your sobriety and getting well. .Give yourself some space and time to heal. You are doing this to yourself. .You can always go back to social media at a later point if you want too. .I wish you well and keep coming back. ..
The only person I can control is me. Delete Facebook. Focus on your own issues and getting well. Do kind things for others. Take a walk outside every day. Be grateful that you are sober and reaching out for help. 
Help others in and out of AA.. .Thinking of others helps us break the obsession over ourselves. .And yes obsessing over her is included with that because of the way she makes you feel. . . .The serenity prayer is a great way to look at and deal with issues like this..  .I dated this girl in my second year of sobriety. . .She did a couple of things that were totally selfish when I brought it up with her she didn't apologize she defended her actions. .I also caught her in a lie.. .People don't change they just don't. They may have different behaviors for a while but their guiding core values/morals/ethics don't change so that "old behaviour" always comes back.  .  .So I have to accept the things I can not change if she can't change herself well I sure as shit can't change her.  .  .So I have to change the things I can and pray for the wisdom to know the difference (that's the key part).  .  .I can change my attitude and accept this person exactly as they are or I can change my environment and get this person out of my life.  .  .Or I can drive myself insane dealing with a selfish lieing bitch. .  .So I broke up with her. She came to my house one day to get her stuff and hugged me and cried and said she wanted me back and that she would change she wanted to be with me saw she was wrong and wouldn't do it again.  .  .I made the massive mistake of taking her back.  .  .We got married had a kid then I found out about a bunch more lies and she has done nothing but take from me. I would have left her years ago but I want to see my kid everyday so I'm fucked. .   .She's caused problems with my parents and family she's almost bankrupted us. She lies constantly and doesn't have a drop of respect for me she only thinks of herself.  .  .I can't even begin to explain how fucked up my life has been over the past 6 years she's fucking crazy we've moved multiple times 4 different cities nothing is good enough for her it's fucked.. .  .  .I guess what I'm saying is when you are dating a chick that's the absolute best version of her that you are going to see.  .If she's crazy now it's only going to get worse much much worse!! .  .Block her on Facebook and every other way you can. Looking at her Facebook page is like pouring a drink and staring at it. .   .  .It's tough in early sobriety we get lonely low self-esteem and get into shit relationships because we don't think we deserve better.  .But you do!  .Trust me you do.  .  .Trust God clean house help others (AA program) and forget about her I gaurantee you there is a better relationship in your future if you stay your path.  .. 
Block her on Facebook. .Pray about it! Ask God to remove this obsession too. .Knock out your fourth step!!! ..I was going through something similar with a manipulative guy who is just like all of my exes and working on my fourth step is really helping me recognize what behaviors I need to change. 
Them and those are not my problem. It's painful and I'm sorry you're hurting. Yet we can choose to feed that pain or begin to let go of it so that we can heal...In all honesty working your steps will help you to better navigate these feelings and to grow from this experience. Keep close to your sponsor and keep trucking!
This sounds a lot like my breakup with my wife which led to my four (and ongoing) years of sobriety. She's sometimes still in my head but working the steps and using the tools I've learned from that helped a great deal for me to focus on myself and leave those emotional threads behind me...&amp;#x200B;
