-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b5naeb/i_realized_ive_become_dependant_on_alcohol_to/

I've had a bad sleep schedule my whole life. Always been a night owl never been good at routines or anything like that. I've also realized recently that I'm a functional alcoholic and that it's almost certainly slowly killing me...I'm trying to quit drinking but what I didn't realize is that my sleep schedule was regulated almost completely by alcohol. I get off work at 1 or 2am get drunk and I'm asleep within the hour but I'm realizing that when I don't drink I'm getting to sleep at 6 or 7am or even later...It's taking a toll on my relationships and my job performance. It sounds crazy but I function better with alcohol than I do without it. My struggle with sleep predates my struggle with alcohol so I've previously tried melotonin every routine under the sun sleeping pills like Ambien etc. and nothing's worked...Has anybody been through this or have any tips on how to replace my sleep dependency on alcohol with something more healthy? Is there something long-term that I'm overlooking?..TL;DR alcohol helped me control my out-of-control sleep schedule and now that I'm trying to quit drinking my sleep schedule is all over the place. Any tips?
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there first of all well done for reaching out it's a good first step I recommend you find the closest AA group near you and attend a meeting go to as many meetings as you can 90 in 90 days is recommended get a sponsor and work the steps. That should help the alcohol dependency it seems like you also suffer from Insomnia I would suggest seeing a professional about that but I am sure if you ask some of the fellows at AA you'll find a lot have had similar issues and you can ask their advice as well as to how they managed it. I've been 7 months sober now I was on some medication in my first few months for mood swings and slowly but surly I was able to stop them and now I'm starting to live and function (mostly) as a normal person with regular routine. Good luck and trust me AA will be good for you. It was and is a Miracle for me. 
My alcohol dependence started with me thinking I needed it to sleep too. Now that I haven't drank  in over a year I realize the nights I would try not drinking gave me so much anxiety because my body was craving and withdrawing. It was a vicious cycle. I now know that when I don't have a good night sleep which is normal occasionally I am still better rested than when I used to drink myself to sleep. ..Good luck to you. AA is a very welcoming place. I found that it is full of introverts like me. 
Alcohol fueled sleep is not good sleep. ..If you don't want to do AA you should hit up r/stopdrinking although I do recommend AA...Melatonin helped me get to sleep. ..There are other things you can do to train your brain back into a sleep rhythm.  Making sure you get into bed at the same time.  Use your bed only for sleeping...no phone TV etc. ..Google has lots of other ways.  You don't need booze to sleep.  Billions of people get to sleep without the  aid  of alcohol.  
Sounds like you're on step 0:  I can't take this shit anymore.  ..Been there...All I know is what works for me: home group meetings + prayer + meditation + working the steps + breaking the cycle of isolation 
I know many people who began their addiction to alcohol with sleep issues. Of course it helps you *pass out*; it doesn't help you *sleep*. There's a huge difference there. When you pass out from booze you're not getting normal REM sleep that we all need to function. It's a temporary  solution  that will hurt you so much in the long run which you're already seeing. ..In the beginning of getting sober sleep will be a struggle. I never struggled with sleep before getting involved with alcohol. It takes a little while and a lot of patience and faith is needed but there are many ways to find sleep without an addictive substance. .
It's tough at first but after a few months sober I was finally for the time literally ever or at least since I've been able to form memories able to get a healthy sleep routine/schedule going. Now I only get a bad nights sleep because also right around a few months sober I decided to commit myself to what seems like several hundred extra/co-curricular activities at my school to fill up the scary-at-the-time free time (: your mind &amp; body take a while to heal &amp; adapt!
I was the same way. I was washing down prescription sleeping pills with blackout quantities of Scotch. But I have finally managed to stop. I haven't had a drink in nine months &amp; most nights I am able to sleep. For me it's tons of exercise plus meditation that works -- most days. I still have an occasional sleepless night but I'll take that over the nightly blackouts.
I was in the same boat as you I used alcohol to help me sleep for so many years. The two years before I stopped drinking I was taking Ambien and drinking a bottle of wine every night just to fall asleep. ..I won't lie the first 3 weeks of sobriety were absolute hell for me. I hardly slept at all and had a break down to my doctor who then put me on remeron to help me sleep. If that didn't happen I probably would've started drinking again. At that point I was so exhausted that it helped and got me through the next couple of months...A year and a half later I sleep so much better without anything but the occasional melatonin (which is shocking). It also helps that I take care of myself now and eat healthier and exercise so I'm actually tired come bed time. I still have random bouts of insomnia but they're usually short and I'll sometimes take  non habit forming  sleeping pills to help. My sober support systems like AA my therapist and doctor help me get through those times without drinking...It really does get better. It won't seem like it in the beginning but once you've been sober for a couple of weeks and get into healthier habits and make time for sleep hygiene you'll get there. It's good to find a psychiatrist (an addiction specialist) or sleep specialist you trust if you have insurance that can help you in the beginning too. ..What really helped me too was going on family medical leave/short term disability to check into rehab. It's a little awkward going back to work but I didn't owe anyone an explanation for my absence and my productivity and work quality just got much better after. Good for you for wanting to quit on your own but it's an option to think about! ..Best of luck! 
