-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b6hhes/i_know_its_a_stretch_but_im_looking_for_a_female/

I know I should go to a meeting looking for one but I keep chickening out. I had a few years and I recently relapsed. If you are a female with good sobriety and an atheist and you don't preach the big book 24/7 I would love to meet you.
----------immediate responses--------

I never could get sober when I was insisting that I get sobriety on my terms.  
Didn't know there were no meetings in Arizona that's crazy
Just go to the meeting you're not "that" special odds are people wont even notice you.
If you had a few years you know how the program works and that your way doesn't. Also the program of recovery is in the first 164 pages of the big book so any responsible sponsor is going to advocate using it...Until you are ready and willing to go to a meeting and look for a sponsor... "Half-measures availed us nothing."
Great responses everyone really great representation of this program. Hope no one new is reading this.
any updates?
Just checking in to see how you're doing.  It looks like there are no sponsors here from the Phoenix area have you called your local AA number?  Ask someone if they can meet at your house or a coffee shop to talk it might make it easier to ease back in to meetings and then connect with another woman there.  Towards the end of my run I was exhausted depressed and riddled with anxiety so I always found ways to talk myself out of going to meetings even though I was reasonably sure that the answers were right there in the rooms.  I would drive past meeting places and then lose my nerve until my desperation finally outweighed everything else.  Receiving the gift of desperation was very true for me...Something I was unsure about at the beginning was the role of my sponsor.  AA has literature outlining it if you're interested but their main role is to help people through the Steps.  That's it.  Sponsors are not therapists doctors banks or relationship counselors.  They are there to help us through the 12 steps as outlined in the BB so any recovery plan in AA will certainly involve step work (as you already know).  When I worked the Steps it took me a while to trust the process but I finally realized -hey I'm an alcoholic who can't stop and this person has five years of sobriety! - It was time to listen up...When you connect with a possible sponsor you can talk with them about your concerns and the problems you had last time and see what they say.   Good luck!
