-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b6niqt/had_a_huge_scare_last_night/

I guess I need to get this out into the world. ..&amp;#x200B;..I have struggled with deciding if I really have a drinking problem or not over the last few years. I have been drinking for 13yrs since I was 14 so it had always been the norm for me. No big deal right. My mother is a heavy drinker and it was just what we did. These days I have slowed down to only drinking once a week on the weekend. It worked for a while but the last couple of times I've drank... I have lost complete control. Blacking out being taken over and unable to make any decisions while under the influence. I told myself that I would just get it under control but I don't think I can keep it under control once I get there. Last week I tried to kiss my best friend that's engaged and didn't remember it. Last night I drove absolutely hammered to my partners house at 1am passing a cop car and I barely remember getting to his house... Today I am horrified. I could've died or killed someone.. I have a DUI already from 5 years ago... So why haven't I learned my lesson. So much shit could've happened last night that I want to vomit thinking about it. I got ballsy last night... and that hasn't happened in a long time. I have been really careful taking Ubers but not this time and I'm scared that if I say fuck it again and have a beer then something horrible will happen. My anxiety is through the roof the day after. I had a panic attack today. I can't stop drinking once I start it's automatic 10-15beers if I take one sip.  I have never been to a meeting and I don't even know how to go about this or where to start. I just know I need to stop. I can't believe myself I know that I am smarter than this...&amp;#x200B;..Reaching out to whoever is there. Any thoughts or advice are much appreciated. thank you
----------immediate responses--------

It's my humble opinion that if you can't stop drinking in moderation you shouldn't start.  I've known quite a few like this in my lifetime.  The true danger beyond physical harm to yourself and others is impulse control.  If you can't control yourself who will?
[https://ncphp.org/johns-hopkins-questionnaire/](https://ncphp.org/johns-hopkins-questionnaire/)..&amp;#x200B;..[https://www.aa-intergroup.org/](https://www.aa-intergroup.org/)..&amp;#x200B;..Good luck; get to a meeting 
That feeling of guilt and shame you describe was me- every time after a night out. There were no small nights - only big huge party nights that went on until 4am. Blackouts were very real and I don't know if it's just dumb luck or my guardian angel looking out for me - but it's a miracle I wasn't hurt sexually assaulted or worse. .All I can say is - count your blessings- try and lean into what you're feeling and reach out for help. It's out there- in the form of this sub meetings and lots of literature. Wishing you well. 
This sub has been a life line for me and so many others - visit often and read people's stories I promise you'll find inspiration and strength here. 
No idea - but I think there's a chat if you check the side bar- at least that's what most ppl say (I'm still kinda new to reddit!)
Everybody is different yet I think in someways we are all the same.  I always thought being an alcoholic meant that you drank too much.  I told myself lots of people drink too much.  It wasn't till I tried stopping that I learned that for me the key thing about being an alcoholic means that once I start I can't stop.  And I really identified with your last sentence.  Ultimately for me it wasn't a matter of smarts at all.  I didn't get relief until I stopped trying to figure it out on my own and started listening to others were able to stay sober using the steps.  Don't worry this is totally doable.     
I wasn't sure if I was an alcoholic. I didn't want to be I thought maybe it was other things like anxiety depression or the trauma I went through as a child that led me to act out. I just couldn't be an alcoholic. But I decided to go to some AA meetings and heard some stuff I really related to. I shared what I was going through and I got some help and great feedback. I started working the steps with a sponsor got a home group meeting that I committed to regularly attending and I've since learned that I suffer from alcoholism. And since surrendering and getting honest with myself and working the program things have gotten so much better for me. I no longer think about drinking and my anxiety has largely subsided. I feel grateful to be alive and contributing positively. The quality of my life has improved so much I don't want to drink anymore. I couldn't manage my life while I was drinking. I love AA but it took a while to sink in because I wasn't ready and I thought I could figure it all out. Going to a meeting andnsharing what was going on with me was and continues to be the best thing I can do for myself. 
I was at a meeting once a speaker meeting and this guy that had one year sober was sharing his story. He said "For a long time my drinking didn't have any consequences. And then... there were consequences."..And my heart sank because I knew what was coming. He continued and said one night he was driving home and hit a bump or something. Thought nothing of it and kept driving home. The next morning his friend (a cop) showed up. Asked where he'd been the previous night. He told the cop whose face drained of color and he told him to get a lawyer...The guy had hit and killed someone and didn't even know or remember it...I say this not to scare you but because it scared me. That could have been me driving that night. That could have been me. ..When I was drinking I wanted to die. I couldn't handle life for another second longer. That was my bottom and I'm grateful it didn't take jails or death to get me there...Anyway I just wanted to share that because it stuck with me and your story reminded me of it...If you ever need to talk feel free to reach out. It doesn't EVER have to get to that point.
Felt like I was reading my own story on a lot of that . I got it down to weekends this time but they were so miserable . Everything was fine until it wasn't ( which was way more often than not)  Id be responsible for a bit ( still getting hammered drunk every time I took a sip ) and stuff started to get pretty scary . My anxiety and what I could see coming if I didn't stop along with some tough love from a friend is what drove me back to AA and I still tried to think my way out of it until I gave up . The day before I agreed to go back my hangover anxiety was so bad I had to drink to make it stop which had never happened. By giving up I can say my anxiety which was crippling has become pretty manageable most times but that was through the steps and meetings and reaching out even when I didn't want to . 
