-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b6ymq2/really_struggling_to_not_drink/

It's so hard to not drink. Well it isn't hard I could just not do it like before. Yet I keep finding myself back at the package store compelled to pull in (doesn't help I work next to one ones on my way home and another one is omw home from work) . Then I buy my boos and once I'm home I'm just like why?? I drink and then I barely remember shit (I used to always remember). I'm not even drinking like I used to but I'm still drinking...I have all these nips and bottles piled up that I have to dispose of so no one knows I'm a huge pos. I went to my first AA meeting and intend on going back however I'm struggling to get with the God aspect. I lost my faith a long time ago. Recently I was admitted into a psych ward and prior to that I was admitted overnight in psych twice (not quite related to me drinking)...I didn't sleep or eat for 7days and worked 15days in a row and found my sister had cancer (just started talking again after 4yrs) I had a severe psychotic break and remembered all the shit I repressed. So I'm going through it. I'm doing therapy twice a week and meetings once because unfortunately that's all I can fit into my schedule...Anyways not really sure where I'm going with this post. I guess it's just me checking in  I feel really alone in this as I just don't feel comfortable divulging this to anyone. I really don't want people to know I'm going to AA because I don't want to disappoint anyone if I fail. The accountability is something else...As for AA though is it always centered around God? I just don't know how to believe in someone that was never there for me. At my lowest low he was never there. I've been through so much and I don't vibe with that "God's putting you through a test God will never give your more than you can handle" fuck that. It's bullshit in my opinion...Anyways I'm going to stop bitching so here's to another day of trying not to drink. I'll get there I guess. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;As for AA though is it always centered around God?..It's centered around reliance on a higher power. It was hard for me to get into this for a long time but once I made a big enough mess of my life it was easy. Left to my own devices I make terrible self-centered decisions and always end up drunk again. When I got miserable and desperate enough I couldn't turn my will over to a higher power fast enough...My higher power isn't called god. It's more like a concept: wisdom or truth. I spend time in meditation daily to ask for help making the right decisions and doing the right thing. This is the only thing that has ever truly kept me sober...&gt;"God's putting you through a test God will never give your more than you can handle"..In well over a decade I don't think I've ever heard anyone say this in AA. Sounds more like something someone would say in church but I wouldn't know because I'm not involved in any kind of religion.
&gt; As for AA though is it always centered around God? ..I think AA is centered around a higher power.  This is straight out of the book:..*"Lack of power that was our dilemma. We had to find a power by which we could live and it had to be a Power greater than ourselves. Obviously. But where and how were we to find this Power?* ..*Well that's exactly what this book is about. Its main object is to enable you to find a Power greater than yourself which will solve your problem*."..I don't think AA can be done without a higher power.  Others may have a different opinion but it sure seems like people who refuse to find a higher power don't make it in AA long term there may be some rare exceptions...The good news is you can pick your own higher power the book says the concept is already inside us.  If your concept of a god doesn't work for you revise your concept.  That's been working like a champ for me for decades.  
Hi Joe thank you so much for posting this. ..I want you to know I hear where you're coming from in this post and can relate deeply. Here are some thoughts it brought to mind:..- I was a hopeless alcoholic. Completely incapable of controlling how much I drank once I started and completely incapable of quitting for good on my own power. I tried for over two decades and just kept going back to the drink to misery to oblivion...- I have recovered from that condition solely as the result of taking the 12 Steps out of the book Alcoholics Anonymous with a recovered alcoholic guiding me. I know longer have the obsession to drink or the diseased thinking that always lead me back to the first drink - that  what happened?  moment had been removed from me as the direct result of the effect produced by the Steps...- if you have the desire to stop drinking I highly recommend you download the  Big Book  Alcoholics Anonymous from the App Store or elsewhere online if you cannot go buy a copy and read from the title page through page 43 for the official Alcoholics Anonymous description of what makes someone a chronic alcoholic...- once you have done that reading (about 55 pages) the first paragraph on page 44 will give you the Alcoholics Anonymous guide to self-diagnosis in the shortest most concise form possible. It boils down to choice and control. I encourage you to do the reading first though so you will be informed when asking yourself if the first paragraph on page 44 is describing you...- if you find you are an alcoholic of the type described in the Big Book and want to be done the great news is the rest of the book contains precise instructions on how you can recover have the obsession to drink removed from you and be placed in a position of neutrality safe and protected. If that's the case find a recovered alcoholic (quite possibly through a meeting) who will sponsor you (take you through the 12 Steps)...- the steps are designed to be worked in order meaning you are currently meant to either accept or deny the tenets of Step 1. The  god thing  does not come into play until Step 2 and even then the only *requirement* for you to proceed is that you be *willing to believe something greater than yourself exists* and from there the rest of the Step work will produce the desired effect if you complete it thoroughly and honestly...- lastly I was an absolute atheist who approached the process of the 12 Steps with only the willingness to believe that something bigger than me was working in other people's lives. That's it. From there with the desperation and hopelessness my alcoholism beat into me I had the openness willingness and honesty to take the Steps the desired effect was produced the obsession was removed and today I can honestly say the central fact of my life - moment to moment - is that a Power Greater Than Myself is doing things for me that seemed laughably impossible before. This is not magical thinking it's just the effect produced by the Steps.
 Your story sounds very similar to mine. I finally was beat up enough to give the higher power thing a try. The thing is your higher power can be whatever you want it to be. Personally my higher power doesn't 'test ' me. My hp knows that life is tough enough without testing. My hp will never send me to hell to burn for eternity. My hp is all about love and compassion and forgiveness. My hp knows I'm a human being and loves me for it. Also maybe consider this - when I was drinking and using I never studied exactly why a drink made me feel the way it did. I tried to look up pills online so I'd know what I was taking but if I couldn't look it up I'd take them anyway. And even if I was certain of what I was taking I didn't study chemistry so I'd know just why that pill affected me like I did. I didn't need to understand why. All I needed was to feel different. It worked so I didn't question it. It's the same with the hp thing and wow does it work. I never dreamed I'd be nearly 2 years sober. 
I wish you were in the same room with me sounds like you're really hitting bottom. My suggestion would be to get back to that meeting or another one as often as you can. You sound like you're ready for the solution to drinking. If you need to talk you can private message me and I'll give you my number.
How'd it go today?   Thanks for posting it brought back a lot of memories of my early days four years ago...Please just keep going to meetings.  Listen to the similarities not the differences.  Don't worry about the God thing you're there for your drinking...This is a baffling illness that twists the mind...
