-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b71r1k/nonreligious_looking_for_a_higher_power/

I'm struggling to find my place in AA. I'm missing a higher power. I was raised Mormon and becoming religious doesn't make sense to me. Also my wife is getting along fine without religion. I guess I would define myself as a deist now. How did other non-religious people find their higher power? I need something stronger than myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

Here is a copy and paste of a post I wrote a while ago about finding a higher power; I am also non-religious...I'm also an atheist. Despite the fact that I don't believe in any god or follow any religion the spiritual aspect of AA really works for me because I do see my disease as a spiritual malady in need of a spiritual solution...My higher power is a sense of collective knowledge and wisdom- it's definitely something bigger and greater than me so it works for me as a higher power. It's based on the idea of doing "the next right thing" which really makes sense to me. There is always a "right" thing to do I just have to be willing to do it...I make conscious contact with my higher power through meditation. I'm not very good at quieting my mind so this took a lot of trial and error but I've come to really rely on my daily meditation practice to keep me sane. The time I spend in meditation allows me to tap into that collective knowledge and wisdom- when I stop thinking so hard and just open my mind I know what the right thing to do is. I also believe really strongly in embodied knowledge. I know when I am doing the right thing (or in other words turning my will over to my higher power) when I feel a sense of peace and serenity in my body...In the same way I know when I am acting out of self-will (rationalizing shitty behavior doing things that don't support my recovery acting out my character defects) because I feel it in my body too. The anxiety that I drank to get rid of comes back...This is just my experience. Everyone's is different...I got here out of sheer desperation. I spent a long time in this program thinking I could do without the higher power stuff but when I got sick enough I decided that I needed it because nothing else was going to work for me. I never thought of myself as a spiritual person and today living a spiritual life is my highest priority because it brings me peace which is something I thought I would never have. Pretty fucking dope actually!
An immaterial immeasurable force that composes everything that actualizes perfection in love energy. Everything has to be exactly as it is right now the present requires everything In the past. I think people have a soul I'm okay believing that. I am made of it. It believes it has a soul. The soul is real. The force and the belief are contingent on each other. There is no force without the belief no belief without the force. Well how can there be a force (I'll just call it god because it's easier to encapsulate the idea) if you can't prove it? Did you ever think it's not supposed to be able to be proven? And how can you measure something with itself? a ruler can't measure itself. Do you know the feeling when you see a beautiful sunset? A waterfall? Something awesome in nature? That's the good energy. That's the love. That is meant to be harnessed and shared. That's my higher power. I'm still working on it but I'm working on the strength to believe and not be insecure about it.
I use the stories and suggestions from other Alcoholics most of the time.
if you're a deist then your at least half-way there.
I think you said it. I need a power greater than my self but don't want religion...The book says in a few places that our concept of a higher power is in us.  We just need to uncover it.  AA gave me permission to do that. ..
I chose an ancient diety by name.                     ....[https://www.aa.org/assets/en\_US/p-86\_theGodWord.pdf](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-86_theGodWord.pdf)
I was raised Catholic then became agnostic and then an atheist. Being raised Catholic really fucked with my sense of anything spiritual or religious. ..For me I still have a problem with the God thing. It's not that I don't believe there is a God now... It's not that I don't pray to God every day... It's not that I'm not willing to believe... I'm just still unlearning my prejudice and learning to trust in and rely on the God of my understanding. ..It doesn't matter what that conception is whether it's the traditional idea of what God is or the universe or what have you. As long as there is something greater than you that you can put your faith in. ..Some people lean on the group (Group of Drunks sending you in a Good Orderly Direction). Some people are told "believe that I believe" or "pray to whatever is keeping me sober to also keep you sober". That works for some in the fellowship...For me... I have to be open-minded and willing to believe in something greater (for me that is a God of my understanding)... And to learn how to have faith that my God is not only there but that my God is a God I *can* lean on and have faith in. ..It's a journey and for most it doesn't come overnight. This is called the educational variety of the spiritual experience and is the experience of most in the fellowship... For most it does take time and chipping away at the prejudice we've learned along the way...Read "We Agnostics" in the big book. It helps.
Bonnie the mom character on "Mom" had a great line:."I don't believe in religion either my Higher Power is Oprah what can she not do!???"
Mine is Mother Nature. More specifically the ocean. If you've ever been surfing or in the ocean you know that the ocean is much more powerful than myself. Hope this helps
I call my HP  harmony . It's probably the same thing as love or peace but the concept of harmony really resonates with me. I don't believe in a sentient god with some sort of  plan  - I don't fight the idea and I'm sure it works for many but that's not how I understand my HP...I'm a big believer in energy and vibrations being the driving force in the universe. I believe that there is a spectrum from chaotic energy to harmonious energy. My understanding is that through the 12 steps my own energy is being aligned with harmonious energy...Yeah it's pretty out there but it works really well for me and helped me get over my initial difficulty with the idea of a  god .
Read the big book follow the directions  and that's how you find your higher power at step 12..  .We are not supposed to figure out a higher power we are supposed to forget everything we think we know for a new experience. .Read we agnostics which is step 2 where does it say for your human will to decide what God is? It does not. .It tells us to be open to exploring doing the steps and that's how we find out. If we decide what that power is before we do the steps we are not doing the steps/program correctly 
Ha get where you're coming from!.. I swing back &amp; forth from being atheist &amp; a non-deity agnostic. The dogma found in religion does not work for me.  ..Yet along with that I do take some things from some religions. For example take Buddhism. As I find has many teachings I can apply to my own personal spiritual path.  Yet Buddha aka Siddhattha Gotama Gautama Buddha whatever etc is but a person not a god right? Right...Who says you just gotta stick to one concept and call it a day? .. So whatever works for you. Here's something you may find worthy?  From aaagnostica.org are five examples of the 12-Steps in different wording yet the same goals ...  .https://aaagnostica.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/BW-Alternative-12-Steps.pdf
My sponsor told me that it could be anything I wanted even a tree. My higher power takes the form of an earthy omnipresent female divine spirit which was easy for me to fathom as a witchy female who was raised catholic and from a line of women who hold the Virgin Mary in high regard. ..I know of someone who had a doorknob as a higher power for a while. A lot of people choose to make the group conscious their HP for a bit. Anything greater than yourself that can restore you to sanity. 
Non-religious person here. Not really an atheist but definitely agnostic. I think it's important to remember that you do not need the answer to this question in order to start the steps! For me it was as simple as the fact that when I stopped lying started trying to do the right thing and started listening to the advice of the collective whole my life started to get better in a way that was not possible when I was trying to get sober on my own. I know that when I spend a few moments in the morning and evening reflecting on how I need to be willing to ask for help how I should look for opportunities to be of service and what I am grateful for my life seems to go a little better. To me this is tapping into some kind of spirituality where I feel more connected with my fellows. When I try to deepen this connection as opposed to look out for selfish things my life improves. It doesn't have to be more complicated than that for me. 
