-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b7t49c/can_anyone_relate_to_my_story_i_would_love_to/

I was never a huge drinker or drug users most of my life.  I drank a decent amount in college but I was in the middle of the boat in terms of frequency and amount...The sh*t hit the fan when I was in my mid-30s.  I was laid of from a a good job during the 2008/2009 financial crisis and had just had a baby with my wife.  ..For whatever reason the even through me into a panic and the next 9 years became a cloud consisting largely of prescription benzos but alcohol as well especially when I needed to supplement.  During this period I lost a number of good jobs separated from from my wife and (ultimately) moved in with a parent to stabilize. ..I am now almost a year sober am on step 9 and I am feeling so much better.  I don't think I have experienced more psychic changes in a few decades. ..All that said I am very nervous abt my career / work.  I am working 15 hrs a week making a little money but I need to ratchet this up soon - I am a dad and I have school debt.  I know I cannot take a job that looks anything like my prior roles (at least not as a first job).  My main reasons for bring nervous are:.  ..One I am not sure how to talk about my past several yrs of volatility (I do have stronger experience and solid academic degrees).  And I do not want to be a deceptive - being deceptive in getting my past two jobs made me walk around work feeling paranoid and guilty. ..Two I am worried that full time time work could trigger a relapse from the stress etc...Can anyone relate?  I would love to hear from you. .  .
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate. I work through that stuff via the fear inventory. 
I TOTALLY relate. I'm currently unemployed in large part because I can't do what I used to do - too stressful.
I can relate.  If you don't have a sponsor with some significant time then is recommend getting one.  Every big life decision goes through the sponsor test.  Much better asking someone you know has gone through the ringer and doing it face to face than asking anons through a sub.  Just my two cents.  
If by etc. you mean your sponsor good.  There is only so much you can get from an AA group.  Even the very best.  But it's your journey do as you will.  I am only recounting to you what worked for me.  ..5-17-13 
I was in a very lost spot when I first got sober. My job was a huge stressor so I took time off and went full into AA. I needed money but no amount of money was worth relapse. So I put sobriety and my meetings first. I found a temporary job that I believe had to be a gift from my higher power...They were completely open to my schedule needs. I didn't tell them why. A couple weeks in one of my coworkers shared that her mom got 23 years sobriety and is active in AA! So I opened up and shared what my "book club" on Wednesday  really was. Haha. I'm now permanent there. Everyone is supportive and it gives me a bit more accountibility. ..I couldn't have done it without working through my fourth step in relation to my resentments I had toward my career. 
My experience with my first job in recovery was very important. Dealing with the daily grind sober was something I really needed to learn how to do. ..You dont want to work anywhere where they aren't supportive of you. ..Be honest. If a prospective employer didn't want me to work at their place of business because of my past I didn't want to work there. That's what my sponsor told me at least.
You can tell people you were recovering from a medical condition if they ask and your are regaining your foothold back in the career you always wanted to pursue. You don't have to tell anyone you're an alcoholic alcoholism is a disease. Would you go around telling people you have diabetes in your interview? They are not allowed to scrutinize you about it.
