-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b89hwn/havent_been_to_a_meeting_in_at_least_10_years_2/

I don't necessarily feel the urge to drink right now but I'm working on recovery from an eating disorder and I know that there will be a time that I get stressed out and the urge will show up. I covered up my eating disorder with alcoholism and when I got sober my eating disorder popped back up. So I shouldn't continue the cycle. But I haven't been to a meeting in years. I don't know if I belong if I never worked the steps I just stopped drinking (which sounds easier than it was.) ..I recently realized I am a lesbian and I don't know how to be a member of the LGBTQ+ community outside of bars which obviously would get me into trouble real quick. Is it appropriate for me to go to an LGBTQ+ AA meeting? Like logically when I ask the question it sounds like yes because I am an alcoholic and I am a lesbian but I feel like I don't belong at AA because I never really worked the steps and it maybe seems wrong to go to a meeting to find a community. Even though community is exactly what I need right now because I don't want to relapse. ..Please someone give me advice so that my brain can stop making excuses.
----------immediate responses--------

Go to a meeting get a sponsor and work the steps. :)..Just my thoughts I've heard too many stories around the rooms of people who did it on their own only to pick up a drink years later and be at bottom again. 
Hi there.  If you have a desire to stop drinking (and in your case stay stopped) then you belong at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Whether you've taken the steps before or not.  If you are a lesbian and have a desire to stop drinking then you belong at an LGBTQ+ meeting of AA.  Being  member of the queer community I wish I had easier access to those kinds of meetings.  There seemed to be a lot of confusion/ differing opinions about who I should work with when I first came in because women typically work with other women and men typically work with other men.  Just a tip if and when you find a sponsor - just don't pick someone you think you might want to sleep with ;)  
I went to AA in order to work the steps not the reverse.  You are right on course keep moving forward.
I bet you'll be pleasantly surprised at how at home you feel in AA. I came back to this program about a year ago after a long time away. I had never had the spiritual experience never really worked the steps honestly ended up drinking again and when I was at the end of my rope I dragged my ass back into a meeting. I hadn't been to one in over five years and I thought it would be weird but it was honestly the best place I could have been...I'm a gay lady too and there are some awesome LGBTQ meetings out there. Make some sober friends work the steps and you'll protect yourself against that urge to drink that you know could creep up on you at any time.
are you working on your eating disorder in OA? the steps are the same wherever you go.
