-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b8t0by/is_there_scientific_evidence_that_aa_members_who/

Been doing the program for 7 years now. I'm sick of it.
----------immediate responses--------

My totally unscientific experiment with a sample size of 1 says yes. I got sick of it right around the 7 year mark too. Decided to start drinking again because I told myself I was older and smarter and I could handle it. I couldn't. Just about died and got sent to treatment...No idea if it the same thing will happen to you but it's not a chance I would take again personally.
Maybe goes less frequently one every other week or something just to stay  tethered' to a home group? Maybe expand your program and volunteer at a detox or jail to change it up some? From what I understand because of the anonymity of the program very few stats or research is done plus I'm sure it is different for everybody too. Best to you.
If you're sick of it that means that something isn't working for you. Have you discussed this with your sponsor and 3/4 other folks who you respect in AA? You may want to actually do a brief 4th/10th step on this.
So many variables and anonymity is hassle in terms of controlled experiments and it would take at least a 10 year study of maybe 1000 different self declared alcoholics to obtain any meaningful data...AA is amazing but people can ruin it for others conversely they can make it so amazing. ..Never forget that "Our book is meant to be suggestive only. We realize we know only a little."..What exactly are you sick of? 
The 11th and 12 Traditions tell us that AA is based on the concept of anonymity meaning that researchers are not  part of the deal.   Of course there are numerous studies external to AA that might touch on questions of relapse...But there is ample testimony in meeting shares that alcohol is very  elastic  in that it is cunning baffling and powerful.  Without the countervailing force of AA (assuming that we were able to remain sober in AA) that we are at risk of returning to our old ways.   I certainly did after 15 years of sobriety.  Geographic moves job changes etc. got me away from meetings and to a place where I considered myself  cured .  I returned to my exact old habit of periodic binge drinking.   It took 10 years of that to tire me out.  Now being back in AA for 13 years Zi intend to take no chances...
I think if you really want to stop and you don't feel like you need to keep going and pushing through it then stop. If you feel like relapsing and/or relapse it will be there for you to come back. If you find you miss it it will be there for you to come back.
I think it's human to go through phases but as an alcoholic don't forget what got you sober and try to get back to a place where AA isn't a slog. I agree there is sometimes pressure to do things a certain way in AA but remember your HP and how you work the program are of your own choosing...I choose to have a balanced fun life in sobriety. I prefer to hang out with other AA people I can relate to do service that I feel fulfilled doing and make AA my foundation not my entire life. I think doing no service is risky for me which is what happens to people often who stop going to meetings...People stop going to meetings and a) drink immediately b) drink after a long period c) never drink and are miserable dry drunks d) never drink and are fine and happy. But "d" isn't a very big number in my 12 years of observing and trying to do the least amount of AA as possible :)..Good luck figuring things out.
I'm sorry you are having this issue pal. I feel your pain in a way. I didn't even want to jump into AA because I knew how much time and effort it would take. ..I think everyone has their own place in AA. I myself am a service junkie as is my sponsor but I don't believe you have to be one to experience the promises. I think some people are just meant to fit in other areas of the program. ..But to be honest and real with you? .I don't think anyone in this forum is going to give you the answer you want or one that will satisfy you at least. We can give suggestions and you can appreciate them but to me it seems like what's going on inside of you is between you and God. My best friend doesn't work a 12 step program and is sober. I know people who are own maintenance programs and are satisfied and I also know people who won't sponsor others who are on antidepressants. The point is there are tons of ways and versions of sobriety. I myself need AA. It's what works for me. Most people in this forum will tell you that same thing. It honestly is your call. If you're done with AA then that is your prerogative. Its difficult to talk someone into AA. I'm sure you know after 7 years it's attraction not promotion. And I'm also sure after seven years you have heard the common theme that people who stray away from the program almost always pick up. ..I'm not sure what you're looking for in this post but I sure hope you find it and gain some peace of mind   
