-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b95j4n/newcomers/

You don't know how much you help everyone in the room. I know that probably sounds corny. I've been sober for 7 years. I keep going to meetings. Even when I feel like I don't want certain parts of the program any longer (sponsorship)...A few days ago we had a newcomer share how she was less than 72 hours sober. I've heard many newcomers say it like that "I know it may not be a lot but..". To those who feel that way IT IS A BIG DEAL! I might be 7 years sober but you know the longest I went sober before detox/rehab? 36 hours! I mean I deployed and STILL drink 2 beers. And you better believe I drank them as quick as I could ( you know to get the best effect possible)...As I've progressed the thought of a drink has dwindled but every so often I need a reminder that the research has been done and it still doesn't work. I love watching someone come into AA dive right in and in 6 months they're still sober and a completely different person than when they came in...So I guess in closing if you're struggling or a newcomer or both welcome! Please don't be afraid to speak up. You're helping us! We can help you too.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. This is so heartfelt. I love this. I love beginners meetings because I always want to believe that I am a beginner or newcomer in some ways. I never want to get to a point where I think I've "got this." I'll have 2 years in June and have SO much to learn. I don't ever want to stop learning and growing. I always want to remain teachable. I think that is one of the greatest gifts God has given me. The desire and the willingness to always want to grow. Even when I don't want to . If that makes sense haha. From. Newcomer I want to say thank you for saying thank you. I appreciate you the people with time so much. A beam of light when things are dark. When I have so much stress and get wrapped up in the future I love hearing the people with time share. That means I can do it as well. There are a million excuses to drink but never a good reason. Thank you for sharing your hope.   
Great post Bernie!  Right on.  I'd rather be part of a meeting with 7 newcomers with less than 70 days total than a meeting with 3 long timers with more than 70.  I need the reminders and I can be of greater service.
I thank the rooms of AA for inviting me in and making me feel welcomed. 20 years later I'm still here. one day at a time
I'm fairly new people seem genuinely concerned and helpful. Meeting some nice women. It's good to be understood.
Often it is said that the newcomer is the most important person in the room. Don't believe it - it's just to stroke their already oversized self-importance. They are the same as everyone else - and within the rooms that's what anonymity means: no rank we all have today.   ..But most meetings especially open ones are to carry the message of hope that lasting sobriety is possible. That's their primary purpose. And that requires those who have been doing it and those who want it. (Kinda like the Sith.) Anyway it takes us all to make this work. ..My strong suggestion is not to opine on Acceptance Surrender Honesty Humility etc. Those are gifts of sobriety and recovery not something you do. Ask someone who has been working the program for a while (and not a dick) about those things and most likely you'll hear "working on it" "doing the footwork" "sometimes quickly sometimes slowly" and that's about it. Some newcomers seem to be able to talk endlessly about them after a couple weeks and are masters on them all.  .Best just to let people get to know you. If called on tell them what's working for you and what's not. Just don't put on a facade of cheerful togetherness. None of us came in with our shit together or very happy about going through life on a planet full of morons while completely sober. Whatever you present will get worked on so show your crazy angry mess. Our heads and lives are like rubber bands all twisted around and around - for a while you just gotta let that shit unwind. .Personally I don't trust a smiling newcomer - what the hell they got to grin about? Sure it was incredible not to have to drink that day but everything else? Crapola...Oh and don't get spiritual! We live 99% of our lives immersed in petty stuff. If you immediately go for the spiritual then congratulations on addressing 1% of your life. It's often a far greater accomplishment to not argue with your family than talk to a Burning Bush. Got a job and didn't hate it that day? Way better than connecting with the oneness of the universe. And screw being Happy he's one of the less interesting of the 7 dwarves. 
I have 24 days sober and that is a big deal to me. Every time I relapse (I am a chronic relapser) it's harder to come back. Like my brain says to me "You only have a few days you won't be losing much time go and drink again". I have managed not to drink these last days but I still think about it and how to get away with it again.
I'm 20 days shy of 5 years sober and I still need to hear what you just said. Thank you so much. Stay well my friend.  
