-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/b9gkfm/going_into_my_jail_time_sober_next_weekend/

Hello all..90 days sober after a year of relapses and chaos. I ended up fulfilling all those "yets" I hadnt experienced the first time around.....Ill be going to court this week and pleaing guilty to a dui charge and will be spending 10 days in jail. Im grateful that I have the chance to do it sober and to put it behind me. Im grateful for this program sponsorship and my HP for looking out for me when I was fucking up and to continue to hold my hand as I clean up the mess of my drinking. ..Its gunna be a tough year but this program has always been there to catch me when I fall and I know it will keep holding me up as long as I am willing...Much love all! 
----------immediate responses--------

It's a good feeling when you stop fighting and start taking responsibility ..Wishing you the best of luck!
Best of luck my friend. It's my first week sober also.
Good Luck. Will they let you take reading material? If so a Big Book would probably come in handy.
Good luck cleaning up the wreckage of the past. I just had to do 3 1/2 months to clean up after my DUIs. Got off easy. 10 days will go right by quick. Use it to better yourself.  If you're in AA start doing some step work I did my 4th step in jail.  If you're lucky you can even catch a few meetings in there. If you're not write anyways. Write about your drinking your use how it got you where you are your feelings and what you want to do when you're living a sober life. Keep your head down. It's county so as long as you don't mess with anyone they most likely won't mess with you. Play cards read write and sleep; you'll be out before ya know it. Just use the time so you come out better than you went in.  Gods luck and congrats on the sober time you've accumulated so far!! 
Congrats man!.I finished up dealing with my DUI in November. Spent 22 days in PCJ and I'm absolutely thankful for it. I spent the time putting together a full plan for myself and realized my potential psychologically and was able to start getting into better shape..Sometimes sitting in a box for a bit is the best hard restart there is. .Good luck friend and good on you for biting the bullet and getting that DUI be out of the way. 
10 days ain't bad. You'll be out before you know it. Mind your business keep to yourself sleep read meditate. 
