-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/baecbr/my_father_is_in_the_icu_with_potentially/

Hi I'll try to keep this short...I grew up with a strained relationship with my dad. His own father abandoned him when my dad was just 2; he was an abusive alcoholic. I didn't know my dad was also an alcoholic until about a year ago but I sort of figured it was likely due to our family history...My dad didn't really know how to be a dad due to not knowing his but he tried his best. Physically he was there. But emotionally I didn't know him. And if I ever showed sadness or weakness he would turn cold. Real  suck it up  kind of guy. When I was a bit older (around 16/17) he became emotionally (and sometimes physically) abusive...I grew up and went to therapy and quickly realized my dad was fucked up and I wasn't at fault. I mean I was just a kid! I cut off our relationship until he vowed to fix himself and his anger. ..2 years passed of a strained relationship and for a while he was doing so well; one day in tears he told me how his dad abandoning him really broke him explained how it made it hard for him to open up... I forgave him. And maybe I shouldn't've but I really wanted a relationship with my dad and he hadn't been violent since starting anger management...Almost immediately he went downhill again. He started becoming angry sleepy all the time slurring words etc. Definitely drove me and my friend while he was drunk (??? I didn't realize it at the time). His eyes were yellow with jaundice refused to go to doctors about it. I found hidden bottles of alcohol and my mom didn't believe me even when I showed her  she didn't think he had a problem. ..Finally my mom forced him to go to the hospital. He didn't know what was going on peed on the floors anger got worse disorientation/confusion etc. His muscles had completely atrophied. And when he got there he was immediately sent to the ICU to pump the toxins out of his body. He's been there over a week but he has no idea what's going on and I can't bring myself to see him at the moment anyways...I am posting here because I don't know what to do. He lost his job due to this. He lied to his wife over this. I'm obviously hurt and have been unpacking the bullshit from my childhood for years. But... I don't know. I'm 21 I'm not a kid anymore. I feel terrible and can't just walk away even if I want to. I need advice. How can I support my mom? How can I support my dad? Even if our relationship isn't the same I love him and alcoholism is a disease. I don't hate him. All the terrible scary things happened when he was drunk I'm starting to realize. How much of the bullshit when I was younger was due to alcohol? And obviously I hated that version of him... but he's my father and he isn't someone I want to lose entirely. ..I have arrangements to go to family therapy with my mom (I think she needs support first tbh) and I'm going to bring her to AA meetings (I heard it is okay for friends and family to go to some for advice...). Um but I'm not sure what's next. I would love for advice from someone struggling with alcohol addiction or maybe to talk to someone who has been through this too. I'm highly sympathetic as someone with bipolar disorder and her own psychiatric problems/addictions but I can't pretend to understand alcoholism. I just know what it's like to be in hospitals in a dark place...Finally I apologize if this is the wrong place for this post. And thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

The best advice I can give you is to find al anon meetings near you and  go to them regularly try lots of different meetings and find a group your comfortable with engage with the program and find a mentor/sponsor - this is something recovering al anons can advise you on responsibility and with compassion...I wish you both the best of luck on your journey.
Look up Al-Anon meetings on google and take your mother there. Al-anon helped my wife a lot when I was still drinking. There is also Alateen a part of the Al-Anon Family Groups which is for teens whose lives have been affected by someone else's drinking. ..There is also a reddit sub - https://www.reddit.com/r/AlAnon/.
Definitely go to Alanon as others have suggested. You'll learn a ton about the disease and how others have successfully navigated it. Sometimes people maintain relationships and sometimes for their own sake they need to cut things off. No one will tell you this is an easy decision to make...There are open meetings of AA that you could go to to hear stories and support but really Alanon is specifically for the friends and family of alcoholics. Hopefully when your father gets out of the hospital he will have recovered enough to have a wake-up call and get some help. Sometimes this is what it takes for people but you'll learn at Alanon sometimes even a close call like this doesn't change anything. ..I had a few pretty close calls... wound up in the hospital multiple times with a BAC well into the lethal zone. It's a miracle I didn't die of alcohol poisoning honestly. It took a bit longer for me to realize how sick I was of feeling sick exhausted and quite literally a slave to the bottle. I wish you the best!
Definitely get to an AlAnon meeting or to r/AlAnon.
I'm so sorry to hear about what you're going thorough. My sister has had many liver procedures and is on the liver transplant list because of her drinking and she's only 44. She has severe permanent damage as well and so I can understand how you and your mom are feeling. I found so much love and support for myself and my mom at Al-Anon. That is the place to be. Honestly. They are welcoming and they will support you and guide you through the next steps. It was honestly truly an amazing family we gained. .Try out a few. Some may not feel a good of a fit but when you find the right group it's like you found your tribe of people. Good luck. 
Alanon can help you. 
Go see him be present but take no shit :-)..You will regret not being there if something happens to him. You don't have to stay all day or anything. This is for you and not him. The final act of forgiveness showing up when you would rather be anywhere else. ..And Alanon for you and your mum. 
