-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/baifoz/why_does_aa_work_lets_be_real_especially_for_the/

Wouldn't it be helpful for alcoholics to understand WHY AA works? "How It Works" does not explain this. I think AA would have a much higher success rate feel more welcoming to agnostics and atheists sponsors would be better quality and more alcoholics would recover if people understood just why AA works. Here's my take on it:..[https://www.thefix.com/living-sober/lisa-simpson-coffee-pots-and-aa](https://www.thefix.com/living-sober/lisa-simpson-coffee-pots-and-aa)
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Wouldn't it be helpful for alcoholics to understand WHY AA works? ..No.  ..The elevator engineer who designed the elevators in the building I was in knows exactally how they work.  But we will both get the same results if we take the same actions.  Press the call button wait until the doors open get in press the button marked 5.  We both will windup on the fifth floor.  Same actions-same results knowlege not a factor...The only thing an alcoholic needs to know is that AA works if they take the actions.  ..&amp;#x200B;
This isn't the place to promote your website.  Please have some respect.  
What a bunch of adult asshole babies. This person shared a link. You don't like it call your sponsor. I like reading opinions and non a a literature sometimes even when it comes outside of its designated place. This is not the kind of spiritual program I'd be interested in either hopefully what you're doing now works for you. 
Without understanding much about the nature of our condition I suppose it would seem like this to someone who was around for a bit...Why what we do in AA answers the various facets of our condition perfectly is more complicated than you have presented here...I see little more value in your opinions than those who claim it's all God's work. Superficial explanations such as these are worse than useless...
I like the article. I am one of the few who often ponders HOW it works because it's clear that it is in my life. I talk with other guys at my small big book study. ..I see AA as a psycho-spiritual program of action. The steps and suggestions give you an adjustment in your thinking. When your thinking is adjusted on to that which is good and useful (3rd step) your actions will follow. .
This seems like a good thread to ask the question: If someone starts their sobriety journey in AA and then after some time finds another program that works better for them (SMART Refuge Celebrate etc) - is that bad? OR - what if they utilize AA AND other programs/methods as well? If they get sober isn't that the end goal? In the big book (I'll look up the reference in a minute) I seem to remember reading that AA doesn't claim to hold a monopoly on sobriety. If I were to use AA coupled with other methods to maintain my sobriety is that bad? Or if I attend AA meetings daily but don't do the steps with a sponsor - let's say I do them with a licensed substance abuse counselor - does my sobriety  still count ?..Honestly it kind of feels like a pointless question; it reminds me of Christians arguing over minor points like baptism methods or bible translations (sorry for the religion reference but it's familiar tome and seems apropos).
Tom it was wrong of me to make jokes at your expense and be rude. I'm wrong often and I don't feel good about being a dick to you. I felt strangely protective and I'm sorry for name calling you. Goodnight.
I enjoyed your article. I've found value in the fellowship of AA but have chosen not to work the program at least for now. I used the Sinclair method to remove my desire to drink. At the same time I got my mental health disorder properly diagnosed and my medication changed. Those two things along with participation in the fellowship of AA have made for a great recovery program for me. At one time I was very discouraged with AA because I felt pressured to work the steps. (Okay I still feel a little pressure but it doesn't bother me now.) However once I decided to just go to meetings and not worry about the rest of it I felt a lot better. I'm starting to feel like I belong there as a result of regularly chairing meetings and taking a cake for my 1st year of recovery. I don't know where I'm going with this. Just wanted to share my experience I suppose.
What achievement of import can't be completed more efficiently and effectively by a group working together particularly a group having already made mistakes and achieved some measure of success with a common mission than by an individual trying to figure it out alone?
