-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bbih0n/90_in_90/

Hi!..I'm a recovering alcoholic of 6 years. ..I just had a random urge to post this - ..For any of you struggling or in your early stages of sobriety I really can't recommend 90 meetings in 90 days enough. ..No matter what you feel about AA spirituality whatever - I can promise you if you really want to quit 90 in 90 is hard hitting and effective. It is raw emotional funny (yes sometimes!) and you will never leave a meeting feeling worse than when you walked in. ..You can DO THIS.
----------immediate responses--------

Tomorrow im 21 days sober. I started with the intention of doing 90 in 90 but unfortunately it became impractical financially and other commitments. Im currently hitting 5 meetings a week and totally agree you never leave a meeting feeling worse. I look forward to my meetings so much as I am always learning.
What you said!
I'm doing 90 in 90 without meaning to because I just feel better when I go and I don't know how to get through all these raw emotions and feelings without someplace to go and be able to share if I need to. I may be going to more than 90 as there are days where I hit 2 meetings a day if I'm feeling like I can't stand myself. I'm so over myself I'm happy to go listen to how others got out of their own way. AA and my sponsor are showing me that I don't have to white knuckle being sober and to know that is so freeing.
FYI 90 in 90 is just a strategy.  It's not in the big book and plenty of people get sober going to less or more meetings.
Where did the magical number 90 come from?
90 in 90 is both arbitrary and devoid of specific purpose and an excellent guide to progress. ..Your sobriety doesn't hinge on that 90th meeting concluding no later than the 2160th hour of your membership in the program. But your sobriety does depend on your ability (willingness is a verb as someone brilliantly said earlier) to redirect your patterns and habits. Logically it's safe to assume booze isn't served in AA meetings. I think we can all agree on that. So you're re-training yourself 90 instances in 90 days to make the sober choice in terms of your time. You're surrounding yourself with sober people in those 90+ hours. The time you're spending before and after meetings in commute is spent with at least some acceptance that you're sober in those moments...I easily got drunk 900 times in 900 days before getting sober. It became a habit. 90 in 90 teaches you new habits and makes you build new priorities. ..I'm not sure if I actually did 90 meetings in my first 90 days but it was probably pretty close. I'm long past my first 90 days and I still go to at minimum five meetings a week. I feel a big reason for that is I developed new habits so now going to meetings is what I do replacing going to the bar or a trip to the liquor store.
Kinda feeling that I should do 90 in 90. .Can you skip a day and do 2 in one day? Or does it have to be 1 a day?
