-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bbjmhx/anyone_else_struggling_with_day_1/

I just made it a week finally and then blew it.
----------immediate responses--------

I struggled to stop for long. Sometimes made it a few days sometimes a few months. Eventually had an experience that changed everything. And now I've been sober a long time...Go at it again. Try some things that others suggest worked for them.
It's the 1st drink..1 day at a time
Sometimes it takes a while. I would go a few days the a few weeks now it's almost been a year without a drink or a drug. You're ready when you're ready. Unfortunately it took until I had severe legal troubles I lost my job I lost all my money a relationship and my dignity. ..I'm gaining it all back now and things are better than before but it took something extreme to get me to that point.
Everyday.
Have you been to meetings yet?
Did you have a sponsor?  Were you taking the steps?
I think a lot of people's experience is like that at first Mine kind of was especially since I was trying to stop drinking on my own before I started flirting with attending AA meetings (sitting in the back leaving early without talking to people etc.). I think if you keep falling down but immediately keep getting back up and coming back to meetings where you know you can get help that's the important thing at first! I think what I mean by that is don't let the feelings of guilt shame and failure deter you from trying again - they did that to me for a while and they can be killer!  ...Keep taking the next right step (pun intended ;)) and doing the next right thing :).
All my Day 1s have been easy because I've typically done something embarrassing and that I'll regret. The days after that are rough though. I drive by the old liquor stores that I would rotate through and have to fight the itch to grab a little something and hope that my wife won't be able to smell it and that I won't be buzzed by the time I get home. ..I don't know when it gets easier but knowing I'm not adding the anxiety of hiding a drink or the aftermath of whatever happens once I end up shitfaced is helping me a lot right now.
So I had an issue with the higher power thing and getting a sponsor from a pool of strangers and IMO the intensity of participating in AA from the people I met. .I went to a sober program and learned that I needed to examine the reason (past trauma-family drama-relationships) I turned to drink(drugs) for an escape. .At the end of the day AA is a resource of people who have a similar goal. If it works for you then great continue. .There isn't only one path to reaching your sobriety goal. Use whatever works for you. And I suggest not being too hard on yourself for not getting past day 1. .The effort of trying is a worthy goal and only you know why you want to change. Most of not all people will admit day 1 is the hardest. .Good luck.
