-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bbzlec/shame/

This month I'll have 18 months sober and last night I had  an intense dream that I was boozing again. I've had a ton of other relapse dreams but this one has really cut deep. I guess I'm heavy in a rosebud. .The dream consisted of me going on a bender for days destroying all the fences I've worked hard to mend and rebuild. .When I woke up and realized it was just a dream I was relieved but I can't shake the shame and guilt. I'm realizing how close all of those emotions and "moral hangovers" from 15 years of drinking still trail behind me waiting to latch on. It feels as if it's inescapable. .I haven't gone for a drink but today is not shaping up to be an easy one. Luckily I have a meeting with my sobriety counsellor today..I hope everyone is doing well staying strong and positive. .Thank you for letting me speak.
----------immediate responses--------

One thing I've learned in the rooms is that sometimes these dreams can be a blessing -- they remind us that we don't want to and don't have to go back to that life...I remember when I was still in sober living I had a dream that I went out to some nice restaurant and drank some wine. I don't know why my brain picked wine; maybe because it's more innocuous than liquor. Whatever the case I woke up anxiously wracking my brain trying to remember where I'd been the night before. It was a couple of minutes or so before I realized I was in sober living and too poor to afford the kind of restaurant I had dreamt up. Lol!..Remember also that the big book cautions us not to slip into remorse and self-pity because then we can be useful to no one. Not to mention -- what's the pay-off for beating yourself up particularly for something you didn't actually do?..Lastly what is your sobriety date? Because I also have eighteen months this month and I have yet to meet my sobriety twin.
I had using dreams on and off for several months when I quit drinking and drugging.  It's been over two years and haven't had one in many months..The shame and guilt are real and for me shame is the hardest thing to deal with.  Consider talking  to someone about them. I used to ignore emotions and stuff the ones I didn't like. I just wanted to be happy.  . So I still go to therapy as I have nobody that understands me nor anyone thst can help me get through them.  Shame for me gets so bad I get severely depressed. I'm grateful to be sober.  Take it one day at a time!
Hey I think it's amazing how introspective you are about this. Having made it 18 months it's no wonder! Dreams like to point out our fears and insecurities and your willingness to address them will help you keep moving forward.
I've gone through the same thing. It sucks. But having thrown 6 years down the drain before I actually welcome those kind of reminders now. I need and want to remember what I'm capable of. I'm capable of pushing everything I love aside just to get drunk. I can't dwell on it endlessly but I need periodic reminders.
"I'm realizing how close all of those emotions and "moral hangovers" from 15 years of drinking still trail behind me waiting to latch on. It feels as if it's inescapable. "..Do you have a sponsor? Are you working the steps? I'm asking because you didn't mention it in your post and diving into that was the best thing I ever did for dealing with the crippling shame I felt when I came into the program over four years ago. I really don't feel the weight of what I used to be like at all anymore. That only happened because someone took me through the steps and helped show me how to clean my side of the street.
I still have using/drinking dreams every once in a while maybe one a year on average? I've been sober 14 years. Please don't be hard on yourself! I'm glad you're meeting with your counselor today. Maybe hit a meeting too?
&gt; can't shake the shame and guilt...Right-o! I didn't realize how sick I was until started getting better. Much more so than the physical is the mental &amp; spiritual aspects of how I ripped myself apart. And then sober it's facing you square in  the face!..This is not un-common us alkies can be so hard on our selves. ..I was taught to learn to forgive myself in that just for today I am making a living amends to my self in staying sober. I am not the destructive person I was both to myself and to others as when I was drinking. And in this we can start using as a basis to forgive ourselves. ..And as such is worthy to use in a quiet moment we make for ourselves to reflect upon or meditate upon whatever works for the individual. To own earned it making amends to ourselves...Then... into action! A goody I heard long ago from an old timer A.A. friend is "If you want self-esteem then do esteemable things!" Which quite counters that beating upon ourselves with the non-sense chatter that goes on inside between our ears with that ol' gray matter. ..Esteemable. What better way than doing something for someone else. ..Better yet to begin with was one of the first tools I was taught in A.A.. And this is to do something to help someone anyone anywhere yet ... don't ... let ... them ... know it! Or as I put it don't get caught haha! ..And what this does is that simple paradox of helping yourself by helping others. BUT not letting them know was you this humbles and quites the part of the ego that wants the recognition the applause the validation the "look at me ain't I a frickin' great guy!" whatever. You get the drift...So to this day I still do that. Without even thinking of it comes natural after a while. Example: I started off by always picking up a fallen-off-the-shelf onto the floor box of cereal in the grocery store to help the clerks there hahaha. No big deal right but worth it because it made me feel good about me. .. We are after all not bad evil people trying to be holy... just people with this malady called alcoholism who are working to get better. So be good to yourself and guess what your self will be good to you in return!
Something to get used to. Had 2 of these dreams last year after not having any for 15 years.
I hope your day went well. Maybe things have been going too well?..Best to get out of your head focus on others for a while? Service work or double what you're already doing?..I tend to self-sabotage. That's what your dream sounds like to me. Beware! Stay close to the program and work with others!..Congratulations on the 18 months too! You should be proud!
