-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bca2sw/sober_but_stuck_at_step_4_for_way_too_long_advice/

I have reached a comfortable place where I go to one or two meetings per week and stay connected with my HP...but that is about it. I started working on my 4th step with my sponsor about two months ago and before we could finish I dropped her dropped a commitment and stopped fellowshipping. I have 121 days today. I haven't progressed past step 4. ..I have no cravings even when times are hard but I am struggling with whether I am doing ok or resting on my laurels. I am not someone who is going to make AA my whole life but I know I would if I needed to. I enjoy chatting with other AA's but I don't feel the need to immerse myself in their lives or them in mine. My life is very full with sober activities and sober friends. Everyone in my life supports me and rarely if ever even drinks anymore themselves. I love my life my people my family my job and I have no interest in making new friends...and really no time. I am seeking a new sponsor. I know I need that. ..So....why is this little voice in the back of my head telling me this all could be my disease talking and that I should step it up even though I feel spiritually healthy with my current program?  How much of a program is too much? How much is not enough? How do I know the difference?
----------immediate responses--------

Get to step 12 fast..http://www.spiritualsteps.com/12steps.html
We all recover in our own way. The 12 steps are a set of tools that assist us in doing that - they are not a set of commandments...In 10 days I will be 5 years sober and I have really only completed step 1. Like you I surround myself with people I love and who love me. I go to one meeting a week but I do not exchange one obsession for another...I am sober. I will not drink. That's my path. Please do not worry - you are doing very well. Just relax a little and don't pick up that first drink. Stay well my friend.  
You'll know the difference when you start drinking again. Maybe you won't but why risk it? Lots of problem drinkers get sober without the steps or meetings... But a thorough 4th step shouldn't take more then a weekend. Even if you aren't that real alcoholic that has to complete the steps to save their life I can promise you that doing the rest of the steps will at least make you feel *more* spiritually healthy...Listen to that little voice. Your HP is trying to tell you something.
Our book talks about 'a simple kit of spiritual tools'.  For me I had to work through all 12 steps to learn how to use those tools.  Now when life throws me a curveball I have a spiritual tool to use instead of picking up a drink.   ..After many years of full AA immersion I've pulled away from the fellowship a bit.  Like you my life is full and rich and meaningful. Plus I have family members needing a lot of help right now.   I know their need will pass with time and I'll be able to do more service to AA again in the future...Hope this helps.
I'd listen to the voice in the back of your head.  If you're having trouble with Step 4 go back to Step 3.   ..I'd get with a sponsor ASAP.
I don't know your backstory but I can tell you that I had an almost identical thought pattern to yours. It slowly morphed into "I don't need to go to meetings that often." Then it went to "I don't need AA at all I know what I'm doing." Thenand this one took a year or 2 " Maybe that was just a bad time in my life and I could drink a little in a controlled way."..Not long after that it turned into "I should drink. AA is a cult. Its actually a disservice to myself not to." Once I did drink it took about a month for my old problem drinking baits to become obvious. But it took me two years to get back to real sobriety. ..Not trying to be a negative downer but this is my experience .
Maybe you're not a real alcoholic and don't need step work? The program of Alcoholics Anonymous is in the book. Maybe have a talk with god and finish that 4th step. A 4th step should be done in a few weeks tops anyway. It's a program of action. Or roll the dice and do what you want and possibly drink again. It'll be a good learning experience for you.
This sounds familiar to me! As in some of what you're saying sounds like some of the thoughts I've had. You'll hear different opinions especially from AAers but a lot of people say  AA's not for everyone  when it comes to recovery. Some AAers think it's the only way (even though AA allegedly doesn't have a monopoly on sobriety) and some are more open-minded... I think the biggest thought would be if you're finding yourself less drawn to AA and drifting away maybe find something else to try at least with some consistency? I don't know if they have SMART meetings where you live but those are also online you could try something like that? I'm not preaching or telling you what to do at all you're in a similar place as me  .
I now believe that the "little voice in the back of my head" is god trying to tell me something and i should listen to it...We are very good at justifying and outright lying to make peace with what we choose to do. Left on our own we will justify selfish behaviors and eventually drink or get so miserable that we think about suicide. ..I am not a dummy i know that doing the steps will require me to face certain things that i buried long ago and never want to dig up again. Just the fear of doing this can be so strong that I start to drive a wedge between me and AA. I see where this is heading and i fear that so i'm gonna drag my feet and try and go in THIS direction instead. ..The amazing thing is that we can do this without being completely aware of it it's like program on a computer that runs in the background but you never see it working. A sponsor will see this program working by our behavior and point it out to us. I can very easily control this by never getting close enough to my sponsor to let them see the real me. I can do this out of a feeling of self preservation when the actual fact is I am causing myself more harm. ..I don't know if this is your problem or not but i have had to struggle against myself when i do this.
LOL I made a post telling OP that if they think they're drifting away from AA at least try to do SOMETHING to stay sober instead of nothing. Just noticed it's getting downvoted. This is one of the things that grates on people (me included) about some AAers. It's AA or the highway.  ...OP if you drift away from or quit AA it would probably be best to at least keep pursuing some avenue or program or recovery and sobriety. It's likely (though not 100% certain) that if one of us does nothing eventually we'll end up back where we were  .  ...Hopefully that's a little more clear than my (apparently confusing?) last comment.  ...TL;DR: If you don't do AA at least do SOMETHING.
This page is filled with amazing people. Such an inspiration this morning to wake up and see all of these comments. What a gift. Thank you all for your input.
These are great questions for your new sponsor.  A symptom of he "ism" in alcoholism is "I Sponsor Myself".
Here's a guide to 4th step inventory if you're interested https://illustratedsteps.org/step4/
