-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bcbrs8/60_day_birthday_today_but_i_am_struggling_with/

I am on day 60 of being sober yay for me! And I am actively working the steps with my sponsor but as I currently work "Step 4: House cleaning and Anger List" I am having trouble finding real solid legitimate people institutions or principals that I am "truly" resentful towards that I am bottling up inside. Im not talking about the everyday  may bother us Im talking about the stuff that you carry in your head for decades that affect your mood and personality. Can you guys offer some of your step 4 examples that may spark something for me to write down. Thanks everyone! .: )..-Chris
----------immediate responses--------

Do the best you can when your sponsor asks you to write the 4th step.  As you progress through sobriety you will most likely end up doing the 4th step again.   Good luck.
I think the better advice is to jut sit down every day for 5-10 mins and work on it. Thats what I did and I ended up going from a list of 5 to 50. When I was in that mode I would think of them through the day and make a quick note to put them down during my step 4 time.
Do the best you can in the most honest way you can right now but don't let it stop you. As mentioned above you'll hopefully work the steps again at a later date and these issues may have become clearer to you. That was definitely the case with me!.Best of luck to you!
Congratulations on 60 days! I'm working on my second fourth step. I also did my first fourth step pretty early in sobriety. I didn't feel like it was very thorough. I got all the major people in my life and wrote down things that were challenging in our relationship and how I felt about it. I'm a very forgiving person and I always felt I didn't blame others for anything. I didn't like saying resentment. ..An example I have is for my dad. He was chronically I'll my whole life. I didn't resent him for it. It wasn't his fault but memories would surface and bring up strong emotions. I distanced myself because I was afraid to lose him. I lost him and was mad that I didn't get enough quality time with him.  It all had to do with me. It was a resentment toward myself. I was selfishly protecting myself and got in the way of our relationship. This pattern of abandoning people when they are struggling showed up with other people too. ..I hope this helps. Goodluck!
I started with the people closest to me so for example my husband my mom dad etc.  somewhere in there a floodgate opened and I found resentments I'd been holding on to for decades!  ..Good luck and just do your best.  This isn't a final report it's a step and you'll get to revisit it in the future!
When working with a sponsor (hopefully one who has a solid program) it is best to try and thoroughly follow their advice.  I am a retired behavioral psychologist and a long time sober person.   As such I have a slightly different view of the 4th Step process although I have no quarrel with the approach suggested in the 12X12 or much of the Hazeldon literature...The clinical fact is that character defects cause us to  act out  repetitively committing certain acts.  If you can memorialize these recurring  bad acts  then it is possible to trace that action back to the specific character defect.   For example - lie all the time tracks back to a need to fill a hole in self image.   poor self image  would be the character defect responsible (most likely).    Repeatly losing temper and striking your pet (or worse you spouse or kid) would trace back to  lack of confidence and need to control  (most likely)...The resentment analysis can be useful if you are able to flush out your contribution to the resentment (there is almost always a link).   So a combination of studying each and every resentment (cause/effect) coupled with a long list of your detestable actions when drunk or sober - then tracing these recurring actions back to defects should paint a clear (but ugly) picture of the  inner  you.   Then the work can have specific defects and triggers to focus on.
If you think of them when listing resentments you should write them down.  Some people have more than others. ..Work in columns; first write the list of persons institutions and principles you are angry with then go on to the second column.  ..Don't worry if you don't think of them all Step 4 is just the first pass at a process that should continue for a lifetime.
Ask your sponsor and your Higher Power for guidance. Do your absolute best but know that it's not going to be perfect -- you'll do other fourth steps later on in sobriety...As for struggling with finding resentments that's called denial. I've found that most AAs fit on either end of this spectrum: either they think they have no or few resentments or they have resentments for days. I would suggest you ask your sponsor for help in identifying to whom you're feeling resentful.
