-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bcf7kg/sponsor_question/

I'm a year and change sober. I still struggle with the occasional urge to drink. Sometimes I talk to my sponsor and sometimes I just deal with it. I've never relapsed. I haven't had the opportunity to sponsor anyone yet but quite frankly I'm wondering if I'm ready. I've worked through the steps and continue to do a daily inventory. Appreciate any advice. How did You know when you were ready to sponsor someone?
----------immediate responses--------

Your ready to sponsor when you've done the first 11 steps and gone through  Working With Others  with your sponsor.  ..Keep sticking out your hand and giving your phone number to newcomers and it will happen when it's time. ..Things really come alive at step 12.
It sounds like a sponsee is just what you need!
I think there's a fundamental misapprehension about sponsorship: It isn't just an act of giving say one person providing wisdom and guidance to another in exchange for nothing. I've found that sponsorship has helped my sobriety immensely. It's similar to how I often take useful lessons from shares of people who have a lot less time than I do. ..I imagine sponsorship will help reinvigorate your sobriety and I highly recommend it! It's one of the best things you can do for yourself.
I'm no where near the range of sponsorship but I know in my area the general rule of thumb is you should have 3-5 years of sobriety time before sponsoring someone. The first year of sobriety is just figuring out how to do it and how the program works. Beyond one year you are learning how to put policy into practice basically. That's not to say you can't sponsor someone before that time but it's just a rule of thumb. Ask some folks in your home group.
When you've been taken through the steps...I got my first sponsee when I was nine months sober... I didn't think I was ready either (had been through the steps but had never been asked before). My sponsor said to go for it...It was definitely a learning experience.
It's a disservice to newer people if you're not solid. I'd suggest you wait until you are that. Prior to that you can't give them what you don't have. It's a kindness on your part to let them choose better for themselves.
You were ready after step 5 to start trying to snag a new guy.  I started sponsoring my first at about 4.5 months sober after I had worked the steps my first time.  When I got stuck on a particular issue with a new guy I said hmm good question let me get back to you in a few and I called my sponsor...Bill Wilson snagged Dr Bob six months into his own sobriety with no real clue that what he was doing.  Before that he was trying to drag guys out of bars and such.  Complaining to Lois that none of them wanted to hear what he had to say Lois said yeah but your not drinking Bill.
