-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bctril/outside_the_box_meeting_topic/

I'm am leading  meeting in a couple of days and I am struggling to find an interesting topic. We already do a traditions and step study so that knocks out the 12&amp;12 and book study knocks out the big book. I have scoured some pamphlets and *A Members Eye View*  was awesome. Anyone have any suggestions?
----------immediate responses--------

Anything from pages 60-63.  Never enough of that topic.
You could pick an  ism' word to discuss my Wednesday group does that. Another interesting topic lately was dealing with people that struggle both in and out of sobriety. Also self pit and resentments are big offenders maybe have people discuss either one of those.  
I am always trying to relate the topic of something I am struggling with at that point.
What should you be working on that you are not!
I sometimes pick one of the spiritual principles or a reading out of other literature such as Came to Believe.
P 66-67. "We realized the people who wronged us were perhaps spiritually sick. Though we did not like their symptoms and the way these disturbed us they like ourselves were sick too. We asked God to help us show them the same tolerance pity and patience that we would cheerfully grant a sick friend. When a person offended we said to ourselves 'This is a sick man. How can I be helpful to him? God save me from being angry. Thy will be done.'" ..This completely changed my relationship with my mom. I was able to reconcile with her after many years of hurt and anger.
Talk about consent and why sponsors aren't allowed to fuck their sponsees...&amp;#x200B;..Talk about how to deal with special occasions/holidays or other times when people are pressuring you to drink (especially for younger attendees).
I usually choose courage to change the things I can from the serenity prayer. It's been my observation a lot of alcoholics settle because it's easier to be a push over and accept any little hardship and obstacle as an act of God...I enjoy hearing people stand up for themselves and making themselves vulnerable for rejection and disappointment and I like the success stories even more.
How about the 13th step and how to be allies in recovery with the opposite sex without motive or desire.  I think its important to talk about occasionally as both newcomers and old timers can benefit. Also as it can be a threat to sobriety. Love that you are planning ahead bet it is going to be a great meeting regardless of the topic.
Leaving aside the drinking why was life so unsatisfactory?
