-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bd489u/having_a_hard_time_telling_my_sponsor_about_a/

Had a really close call last night. I usually tell my sponsor everything but I've been talking about relapsing so much recently I'm afraid of what she'll say. ..I don't want to be babied with a  go to meetings every day and start praying and do blah blah blah  again. So I'm scared to tell her. I told all of Reddit and one other friend. ..Yesterday I was having a really hard day and was again being a downer and I feel like she's tired of it... (this might very possibly be all in my head). So I'm just scared to tell her.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I don't want to be babied with a  go to meetings every day and start praying and do blah blah blah  again. So I'm scared to tell her. I told all of Reddit and one other friend. ..If you don't want to hear what your sponsor has to say why have her as a sponsor?  ..When I use the excuse that I don't want to call my sponsor because I don't want to bother him I need to look at what my real motives are.
Oh we are so good at making excuses. You posted here because - in your heart - you wanted to be advised to do what you already know that you should do - get on to your sponsor now!..Stay well my friend.  
Being afraid to talk with my sponsor about what I'm feeling or doing is a pretty good sign that I need to pick up the phone and call. Part of this disease is the shame that we feel for having cravings every once in a while. If you listen to the shame and keep it inside it probably won't end well for you. I agree that it sounds like you're on thin ice. What are you going to do about it? What is it about your current life that is making you want to drink?
You're only as sick as your secrets.
Oh good lord I'm sick of having to tell my sponsor stuff. I don't even like him. Without question the most challenging part of the program for me. Fuck that guy. ..People tell me it's what I'm supposed to do. I bite my tongue when those people swear by the big book even though it never mentions sponsors. ..I didn't drink tonight lol I hate the concept of sponsors though. I feel ya OP.
