-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bddm9z/chip_etiquette/

I've been struggling to get a few days strung together and had a massive bust on the weekend. Is the etiquette to return my 24 hour chip?
----------immediate responses--------

No. It's to get another 24 hour chip. You never have to return the chips you earned. You might help yourself by talking to someone about your struggles. Anyway good luck.
Go back to another meeting and pick up another 24 hour chip and start fresh. Talk to people. Get numbers. The path to my success so far has been 90 meetings in 90 days and getting a sponsor. Good luck. Start TODAY. Go back! You're worth it. But go. Now. Get your butt in a chair. And talk. You won't regret it. I swear. .You deserve this. Congrats on reaching out on here. You took the first step. Now you can certainly take another. You've got this my friend.
No need to return the previous chip just go get another one...What I did was I collected quite a few various colors of chips (quite a few white ooops!) in my journey to a year of recovery.  When I got to two years I donated my 'excess' chips to my home group to be recycled.  Newcomers collected them and the cycle repeated itself.
No you don't have to return your chip...Do you have a sponsor?  What step were you on?
No - go get a new one for the future.  Today is a new day.
Keep the chip and pick up a new one. Make this your last white one. Good luck.
I never returned chips I got.... I just pass them in to my sponsees and newcomers. Save your white chips and give it personally to a newcomer you meet at the meeting that you sponsor when you are ready. It will mean the world to both them and you.
Don't look at it as a 24 hour chip...it's a newcomer's chip. It's for you to keep and hold onto. I put my chips in my pocket or my purse or somewhere near me when I'm having a hard day. It's there to remind you that there's a solution out there and that there's always a group of people who will welcome you with open arms. Best of luck and if it takes more  research  to earn 24 hours then so be it. AA will always be there for you
