-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bfecax/how_to_confront_spouse_about_drinking/

So I'm in recovery and have really been struggling.   My fianc  is very supportive but at the same time she always drinks when she goes out with her friends.  It seems like she can't go a week without drinking.   It bothers me a lot.  I'm very new to the program this time around and recently had a relapse last week for a few days.     I have talked to her about this before and she stays supportive for about a week when it comes to her drinking.     She was going to a lot of meetings with me for support and one day she told me that she said the more meetings she goes to the more she feels like an alcoholic.  Now she stopped going to meetings with me.   She went with me when I had to reintroduce myself and I feel like all of the problems we have with each other are involved with her drinking.  She thinks that I try to control her and Say she can't go out but that is one thing I have never once told her.   She doesn't realize how hard it is to stop drinking or getting high when I feel like that is what she's doing whenever she has a chance when I'm not around.    I told her that I think she has a problem which probably wasn't right of me and that I feel like she can't hang out with her friends with out alcohol being involved.    ..I'm almost considering moving out for a little while I'm not telling her to stop drinking but let me get some time under my belt before she does.   It's seriously such a big trigger for me I need help.
----------immediate responses--------

Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?
I think you should reach out to a sponsor if you have one and if you don't now I'd the time to raise you hand and introduce yourself and ask for one. Sponsorship is what will help keep you accountable. If you want serious change without real risks of repeated relapse you need to dig in and work the program and steps w a sponsor. Your spouses issues are her own and and  OF course why would she want to lose her best drinking partner? She's supportive until she doesn't want to be because her party is ending too. If you want to stop then you gotta dive in and do it. Your spouse is def a trigger but also an excuse. My guy still drinks. But I'm not. It's damn hard. But I'm gonna hit 60 days tomorrow. And I'm not going back. Nothing changes if nothing changes.
So she doesn't drink in front of you but takes advantage when you're away/she's out?  That would really bother me too but do remember that you're only responsible for your own sobriety. If moving out is what you feel you need do it...I remember when my ex initially approached me about my drinking I said the same thing to him - that he was being controlling and trying to make me his little pet that stayed home. In retrospect he was 100% in the right; but girls have a way of rallying together when faced with a controlling spouse. My friends at that time normalized heavy drinking and basically told me you're free it's not the 1700s... it's really hard coming to terms with this disease and it doesn't sound like she has.
Only I can ascertain if I am an alcoholic and only my wife can diagnose herself.  My recovery is my responsibilty and I can't make my wife drink or stop drinking.  Until I get sober I'm not even able to accurately assess the situation.  ..After I had a year of active recovery under my belt I could begin work on repairing the relationship damage I caused.  If a couple uses each other's drinking as an excuse not to get started stopping they probably will not.  ..Many alcoholics successfully recover with SO's who are problem drinkers a drink are completely unsupportive of AA or recovery.  The fact your fiancee attended meetings with you puts her into a very special category in my experience.  The fact that she is not running for the hills away from possibly marrying an alcoholic who can't stop drinking makes her extraordinary.  I wish you both the very best of recoveries and relationships.
Your problem is yours alone to address she has every right to drink. You don't get to move into a world where no one drinks or where others make allowances for your inability to process alcohol well so settling this in your mind as quickly as you can is indicated. ..Part of grasping we can't drink is to grasp that others can do that just fine and have the right to do so.
