-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bfxqw8/i_used_lsd/

I have been away from a drink since 12/4/17. Around 10 months into working the steps with a sponsor I lost the urge to drink. I realized that Bill used LSD multiple times and actually somewhat condoned it for people spiritually fit looking to explore further into it. ..I don't use Bill as an icon who is someone who is a god but he remained sober even with it. ..I used it last week and told my sponsor who believes I have relapsed and really was quite firm in his opinion against it. I asked him (and not to argue with him) what is sobriety entail? If it's abstinence from EVERYTHING then that is one thing. If it is abstinence from everying and you use nicotine and nicotine (which he does) why is that different? Of course LSD is no where near nicotine in terms of perception change but then what is the scale for that in terms of well "some drugs ok some drugs bad." It's blurry. He ended up telling me as I thought to each thy own like on the back of my one year coin... I told him I don't want to argue but I honestly don't feel like I should change sobriety. I took LSD I actually had a great experience where I really dove deep into what matters in my life and with that it pushed me even FARTHER away from the drink aspect. It sounded disgusting to put that back in my body ever again. ..I did not feel high. I did not feel triggered to drink or use other hard drugs. I felt like it helped me look deeper but I can't see myself doing it again anytime soon. It was sufficient in what I was curious I could find in terms of really analyzing myself. ..&amp;#x200B;..He said we just will not discuss that it's unnecessary (which I agree with) but now I just feel like there will be a disconnect. It's impossible to event try to explain to him why I think it was beneficial because he said "For me I know I wouldn't take that." He got short with me and I sort of feel bashful that he can't see it from my perspective or at least try.  I thought he would be more understanding but now I feel like I should not have told him but then what does that say? He's been helpful the past 8 months. I just wish he could see that is has benefits...&amp;#x200B;..I don't feel like I want to drink now. I have even LESS of an urge now and I didn't even have an urge anymore (10 months like I said). ..&amp;#x200B;..Medical marijuana caffeine nicotine fuckkk PRESCRIPTION XANAX??? ADDERALL? ..Does sobriety mean "I wasn't high" and your honest to yourself? ..&amp;#x200B;..Let's face it being barred out on xanax or tweaking out on adderall is lightyears away from taking LSD. LSD isn't a joke to get high. I've never seen someone take LSD to feel good that ends up having a good trip. It requires respect I believe. It's a drug from a perspective of changing perception but then so is sleep deprivation if youre going to hallucinate... I'm just saying all this random stuff to help myself better understand really what it meant that I took it...&amp;#x200B;..I feel like if it wasn't to get high or get out of my head using it when you're previously in a good state and happy with life and being safe about it means that I should not change my sobriety and it was a positive experience in my long journey...&amp;#x200B;..Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

If you want to use LSD and justify it to yourself that is entirely your business...If your sponsor has said that he doesn't want to discuss it with you I would suggest that you respect his boundaries. You're not entitled to his understanding or agreement. You're not even entitled to his sponsorship frankly. While your use of anything outside of alcohol is your business alone lots of people choose to not sponsor or be sponsored by people who use other mood-altering substances and that is their business.
I am most likely in a very small minority but psychedelics are an amazing medicine - both spiritually and physically.  They have many uses - and they most certainly have a tested use in recovery.  ..That being said they can also be used recreationally and can become a lifestyle.  Only you truly know why you decided to chose to use them.   ..I have many years behind me now and I am of the mind that each person must chose their own path.  Just as the 12 steps can be tools in your journey in recovery - so can medicated therapy..Really don't let anyone tell you what is right for you- take suggestions and always listen - but the healing comes from making the right choice for you.  Only you know what that is
What you do is your business and your life however of course people will choose to either bother with you or not concerning your choices (in theory). If you feel a disconnect with your sponsor and really feel like that is something that is going to hinder your relationship with him tell him and search for a sponsor who is more accepting of the fact that you believe your sobriety date is the same and therefor will believe the same HOWEVER I am not saying try to find someone who will support your usage of LSD. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's up to you. Judgement will take place from people that have years of sobriety and are "open minded" but judgement is different than acceptance and is a clear sign of someone who spiritually isn't very fit. I have seen old timers who shut people out regardless of what they have to say if it doesn't fit with them... that's wrong and not the message spoken.
Personally I can't think of a reason to do LSD other than I know that I enjoy the high even while I also know it's a high that leads to self exploration that's part of tripping for me and I love it. I don't know that I hope to never use LSD again the way I hope I don't drink but if I ever do I would definitely not consider myself continuously sober through that trip. I might learn a lot about myself and my alcoholism but I wouldn't try to convince myself or anyone else that I was sober through it.
I've been "shamed" by total abstainers who believe their way of total abstinence from anything mood altering is the only way. Some of them were tobacco users. All were caffeine users and I've never been to an AA meeting that didn't have a coffee pot. Go figure...In my experience inhaling deeply of roses or gladiolas will instantly lift my mood. I cultivate them around my property for just that reason. Does that mean I have a problem? Well if I spend all day everyday dreaming about blooming flowers - and then put in a greenhouse and growlights so I can hit that sweet sweet scent all day year-round - yeah maybe I would have a problem. Otherwise a rose is just a rose. A hit of LSD for spiritual and/or introspection purposes can certainly fall into that category but a hit of acid to enhance a Phish show - probably not a recovery move...You be you I'll be me. We'll be honest with ourselves and each other and good things will probably follow.
While it's an outside issue I wouldn't consider myself sober anymore. ..I've taken a fuck load of acid in my life and the amount of psychological spiritual or physical harm you can do yourself while tripping is numerous. ..I *get* that psychedelics can be used as tools but I think what people believe to be self realizations are often times delusions. ..Acid fires on parts of your brain that were not supposed to fire that way so it essentially circumvents normal processes. That's why people including myself think they had some deep meaningful experience while tripping. ..Nothing you  discover  about yourself on LSD can't be discovered sober in meditative and contemplative states of consciousness. ..I think more than anything LSD tangles your mind more than you think. It makes things less concrete and sure which for someone who suffers from alcoholism and the respective delusional thinking therein is a big no go for me. ..I thought I needed psychedelics for a long time to find myself but really what I needed to do more than anything was to get honest about everything. ..Anyways just my opinion. Wish you the best.
An old timer 30+ years uses MDMA to cope with his PTSD. He told me no one in AA would understand him and he is quiet about that in the group. If it helps you remember everything is a suggestion in AA. Remember who you're dealing with in the group they may be very close minded...As with everything once you get the message remember to hang up the phone.
