-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bghkoh/took_a_year_chaired_a_meeting/

Yesterday I chaired a meeting at my home group for my birthday. My day started off with a lot of anger and resentment towards my SO. He has been in a relapse the last month and a half. And it is just really wearing on me mentally. I was so angry I almost decided to skip my birthday meeting because I had a bad case of the fuck its. After talking to my parents and sister who are in the program I decided I'm not going to let his relapse ruin my day and take control of my emotions. Well I had planned to share some incredible insight to change people's world (sarcasm) but when I got there I ended up giving a half ass story of what got me there explaining I am struggling with anger and reading out of the 12 by 12. There is this old timer at my home group who I respect a ton and was really happy he came to my meeting. I called on him hoping for some insight and some words to hold onto because he always brings it back to basics or tells the group what they may not want to hear. He passes! He says he just wants to listen. He then left the meeting early. I feel like I ruined a meeting. I am not sure what to do with these feelings. but I am sitting here very uncomfortable the next day because I feel like I let him down.
----------immediate responses--------

Things like this are a great opportunity to practice acceptance! You had expectations for how someone else would respond when you called on him to share in a meeting and the outcome was not what you expected. Expectations are premeditated resentments. ..Maybe he left the meeting early because he had an appointment to get to. Maybe he passed on sharing because his mind was occupied with other thoughts or he really did just feel that he needed to listen that day. You don't know why he passed or left early- you're assuming it had something to do with you when it probably didn't...You showed up and chaired the meeting. That's all you have control over! Practice acceptance on the rest of it.
Looking back on the first time I chaired a meeting (July 4 1992) and considering what came out of my mouth I'm surprised that anyone stayed sober after that. Just kidding. Seriously though you don't know what anyone else heard from you. People hear me say things I didn't say all the time good and bad. The great thing about AA is that you are just as much a member who has an equally important voice as that old-timer. If you're honest when sharing you've done your part (keeping it to our singleness of purpose of course). Nobody is happy all the time and anyone who doesn't share their true journey with AA is doing a disservice to the group. Maybe that old-timer left because he had something else to do. Maybe he left because something you said but that same thing could've saved someone else's sobriety. Keep coming back and congratulations!
Hi i used to be worried sick for what i said in meetings every time i opened my mouth (what a illness) true  plus the old timer might have had to go somewhere  you shared from the heart that's what matter's  next meeting you see him shake the man's hand  he'll shake yours back  another day  take care
Hey there! Sorry to hear of your rough patch. Just remember things get better as long as we don't pick up a drink or a drug! One thing that might be good is to try some meditation this helps me whenever I get into a mood or find myself with too many thoughts going on. Another idea  Easy does it  might be helpful don't let someone else's actions affect you too much take some time to do something that can lighten your mood or just try to slow down in general. Take a nap read write about your feelings or anything relaxing that might help get yourself out of your own way. Take care!
The first time I chaired a meeting I had this big speech planned. Oh was it gonna be fantastic! Then just before start time the oldest oldtimer in the group walks in and says "opster79 there's just three things you need to know to chair a metting of Alcoholics Anonymous ... Open up. Shut up. Close up. That's what I ended up doing and I *heard* so many great things that day. Thanks Harv
It's probably not about you. Maybe he knew he might have to leave and didn't want to share given that. Maybe he was having a really bad day. But even if it was about you it doesn't matter. You showed up and did your job that's all we can ever do. The rest is up to god
We have a looney nooner that's an open meeting and youd be surprised what people define as open...Wed have people chair on heroin sex using inclusive pronouns politics Bernie Sanders Trump collusion... it's been crazy. The more bizarre one was where some guy no one ever saw before came in and bypassed all literature and said " yo it's an open meeting do what you want" and then walked into the kitchen and made some phone calls...I'm sure you were fine.
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?  ..When I have feelings I do the inventory and call my sponsor.
Thank you everyone for putting things in perspective. I think anniversaries and birthdays carry a lot of expectations even when we try so hard to not have any. The self obsession is a great character defect of many alcoholics and doesn't that just ring true!! I've talked to this guy a lot before and after meetings and I can *usually* tell when he has a sour taste for how the meeting went. I guess that's why I was so bothered by him leaving. But at the end of the day I dont know why he left and even if it was because the meeting sucked it really isn't any of my business. I've walked out of meetings before. I've passed when asked to share. Yesterday was a really tough day but today was better. All I have is the 24 hours a head of me and that is all that I need to worry about.
