-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bgydlk/starting_to_question_my_drinking/

Hi my name is Paul and I think I might be an alcoholic. ..I'm writing this post mainly to vent and hope it's okay that I just rip open some wounds to anyone that is willing to listen. I'm a 34 year old male for what that might matter. ..Last night I opened the fridge after drinking one beer and discovered I was out of beer. Hoping that magically I would have missed one I dug through everything closed the door re-opened it nothing cognated out of thin air and I was upset about it. I wanted to go to the store to buy more but decided not too because my wife would have given me hell about it asking if it really mattered and I knew it didn't it was fine but Lord was I pissed off. ..I stated to her that I wanted a beer really bad and it doesn't normally feel like this and I'm starting to get concerned. Her reaction was "You know I'm in recovery (Heroin) so I don't know how to help you". Which clearly didn't help me any. I thought she would be the one person with the answers and that made me even more angry. I get what she meant (now) she didn't know how to cure my urge to have a beer. She didn't know how to stop that feeling because everyday she struggles with her own demons. I get it I'm past it.  ..All night I was pissed about not having a beer. At one point we were doing dishes and washing out cans. I saw a can on the counter and grabbed it excited that she found an open one that I thought I left in the fridge maybe. It was empty. I was enraged. And honestly at that point it could have been several days old I would have slammed it down no questions asked. ..Now I'm sitting at work stressed about the day in general and thinking to myself shit...I can't WAIT to get to the store crack a can and start getting a buzz on. ..I don't know what to do. Any advice is welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

If when you honestly want to you find you cannot quit entirely or if when drinking you have little control over the amount you take you are probably alcoholic...This is a good pamphlet: https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-36_isAAforMe.pdf
What you are describing sounds like abnormal drinking behavior. I'm an alcoholic. Back in the day I would drink whatever was left over in cans around the apartment in the morning. ..My boyfriend is a normal fairly moderate drinker. He would be disgusted at the thought of doing that. This is one of the examples I remind myself of when I even start to question whether or not I could ever drink normally (I can't)...I think it's a step in the right direction that you are questioning whether or not you might have a drinking problem. AA &amp; counseling may help you determine what kind of problem you have and sounds like your spouse is familiar with the disease of addiction so hopefully you can find support there as well.
A friend rang the AA helpline and said: "I think I might be an alcoholic." "My dear" said the very posh lady manning the line "if you think you might be you almost certainly are. Otherwise the question would simply not arise." Happy ending: my friend is now many years sober a successful novelist and still going to meetings.
&gt;  [her] in recovery .... everyday she struggles with her own demons. ..And now it sure sounds like your turn... On the fence been there myself... keep on keeping on with alcoholic calling out to me "Drink me drink me"? Or get help? Your choice.
I had a similar experience at five months sober and I didn't do any of the things I was supposed to.  The one thing I did was to drop to my knees in desparation and pray for my higher power to keep me sober at that very moment.  It worked and that was the last troubling though about drinking I would have in the 15 years since.  Best wishes to yuo.
I don't think your an alcoholic because if you were you would have drove to the store that night and got more beer
I'm kind of on a  progression  kick today. Is your drinking progressing? Getting more frequent with greater amounts? This is a pretty tell tale sign of alcoholism if it is.
