-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bhnjo9/is_my_higher_power_mad_at_me/

So I am part of the AA fellowship and have been for the past 9 mounts or so. I'm totally sober off all drugs except nicotine and am perusing a spiritual life style. There are days or moments where I'm just like  screw it I want to use  and I somewhat see that as a weakness in my part and I don't deserve my higher powers love if I'm thinking thoughts like that. There are times where I will also just put on music (triggering music that does not serve me) and ignore the spiritual path even if it is just for an hour or a couple minutes. Eventually I always come out of it and pray for forgiveness. Whenever I do this I feel as if my higher power is just ignoring me for ignoring him if that makes sense. I always accept the fact that I make mistakes like indulging in risky behavior (listening to music that triggers me on purpose or looking for  safe  and  natural  ways to feel somewhat altered) and I try to learn from them but it's just so hard to forgive my self. I know it says spiritual progress not perfection but it is just very hard for me. I'm still in a state of mind where I want to be spiritually fit all the time and I know that is impossible. I just beat myself up for making mistakes and I am under the impression that my higher power resents me for them...In short:..I make mistakes and can't forgive myself for them. I also think my higher power resents me for making mistakes such as indulging in risky relapse behavior. I don't think I'm worthy of his love and care.
----------immediate responses--------

If you're not drinking or drugging you're not making big enough mistakes that your HP should give a damn.  Listening to music?  No way.  Wanting to use?  That's out of your control.  ...Sounds to me like you're able to recognize dangerous thought processes and do what you're supposed to be doing to correct them.  Could you have done that 9 months ago?  My guess is no.  ..Sounds like you're doing a great job to me.  Keep up the good work.
I felt like that a lot my first few years.  It seemed like I'd do and feel really good and then feel really bad.  It felt almost like when I felt good I was faking it or fake changing.  It was a huge roller coaster of emotions.  I cried everyday my first year.  But I stuck with it and eventually I started having more good days than bad and it only got better.  Now I have very few bad days.  I started smoking again and drinking soda when I first got sober and I was freaking out about it.  My sponsor just told me I don't care what you do as long as you don't drink.  Now it makes more sense to me when something is going on in my life and I don't have a strong enough connection with my higher power at that time to deal with it i eat eat sweets smoke cigarettes whatever it doesn't matter as long as I don't drink.  Once I get over it I know I need to spend more time developing my relationship with my higher power.    11th Step.
The way I think about it is this: The purpose of sobriety is not to avoid temptation unsober thinking moments of wanting to use etc. but to learn how to manage these feelings without drinking or using drugs. Last night I felt closer to taking a drink than I have in a long time. The thought didn't make me happy but I went home prayed and slept and the feeling was lifted. In the end I didn't drink or use. I stayed sober. That's what counts...I think you're doing great. Keep it up!
If my higher power was mad at me I'd fire it's ass...That said this unknown entity/non-entity this non-deity HP "dude" that I don't call god he and I have wonderful conversations.....Me: Thanks a lot HP you let me screw up so bad! [Insert any situation that fits]..HP: [laughing his ass off]... Heya Chrome don't get your spokes all in a bundle and go blaming me you weenie-brain! After-all I gave you free will. Not my fault you missed or ignored the signs I sent you!  .....Besides you now have experience and adversity wrapped into one so that you can learn from it so as not to repeat that situation again right? Right. ..Me: Oh. Oh yeah ok. Thanks HP...HP: There that's better. We good now? ..Me: Yep we're good. But only... ...HP: Hey no buts about it! What do I have to help you tie your damn shoes laces or wipe your ass for you about every little thing that crops up. Hee-hee-hee.  .....  Now get out there and enjoy life when you got one to enjoy. And boy-o you sure came close to drinking that life away didn't you!?!?..Me: Yep I did HP. Ok I'll let you help someone else now. Thanks for always being there even when I didn't want you around. ..HP: Right-o Chrome. And don't hesitate to give me a ring anytime ya hear? You know I'm always right by your side. And hey I love you Chrome...Me: Love ya too HP. Talk with ya later.
I too am 9 mo. sober and am have realized that my only coping skill was drinking and using. I am learning new skills and try to remember that as long as I stay sober and follow this simple program to the best of my ability (there is a lot of leeway there- progress not perfection) I'm OK.  I might be in my mid 40's but I'm like a 13 y/o in how I handle my emotions. ..It's hard to change and it certainly isn't happening quickly for me. Working the steps with a sponsor is helping and also learning who and what my HP is to me and how to live in this new life.  I'm realizing that AA is a way to change and learn so I have healthy coping skills I just practice. I am an alcoholic and my HP knows that of course I am going to think about a drink sometimes.  I hope you can give yourself a break you are sober and that is amazing!!!..r/women_in_recovery
I am a very spiritual person. I don't believe my Higher Power resents me. I will never be worthy. But I am loved if I do my best. No I am not perfect. None of us are...I would try writing a list of good things about my self. Write a list of things to be greatfull for. Go out and help a neighbour or friend. Go for a walk each day. Find a hobby. Yes I know you are travelling. Also get involved in AA . A home group. Help set up a meeting etc...Just things that have helped me. ..Your Friend John        
I think you have just asked perhaps THE quintessential question we've been asking ever since we started recording our history as humans! Is there a god/gods/higher power/anything out there and if so is it personal and if so does it/them care about me (and if so is it/them angry at me)? Frankly it's a question that goes much deeper than the AA text ever attempts to delve into (and rightly so) about  God.  I think it's a fair assessment to adopt the view that your HP is good and not something to be feared as far as it relates to your AA experience. After all isn't fear one of the things that likely kept us all drinking to our own detriment?..That said I totally understand your concerns about your HP being mad at you - my life has involved many fears about what/who I call  God  being angry punitive vindictive etc. All issues for me to work out with a cleric or counselor or someone like that as that's an even bigger conversation than AA or sobriety really...As far as my HP that I rely on for AA purposes it's only goodness grace mercy help giving me desire to serve others peace all those kinds of things... does any of that resonate with you? You're definitely not the only one to have questions about the HP thing! Mine go way back before I even ever thought about alcohol  . I hope today is full of grace and strength for you!
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?  That's how we do this thing.
