-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bhxosl/i_had_28days_but_i_relapsed_im_20_i_need_someone/

Please help
----------immediate responses--------

Can you get to an IRL meeting? You can look for a sponsor there...I also run a discord server where we hold meetings but online meetings shouldn't be your whole program. If you would like to join DM me.
Hi bonbon thanks for reaching out...Do you own a copy of the  Big Book  Alcoholics Anonymous? If not can you download it in the App Store or online in PDF form?..The book is the story of how the original members recovered and the purpose of the book is to show other alcoholics precisely *how* they recovered...The first section of the book - from the title page up through page 43 - gives a thorough description of the physical and mental components of chronic alcoholism. In the first paragraph of page 44 you will find the book's guide to self-diagnosis. Honestly answer what it asks you. If you find it describes you a concise program of recovery (the 12 Steps) is contained in the next several chapters. That process creates a change in thinking sufficient enough to bring about recovery from alcoholism and connect you to new power to catapult your life into unimaginable joy...No amount of meetings ever produced this effect in me. No therapy no religion no relationship or job. I was a hopeless alcoholic who had lost the power to choose whether I would pick up that first drink and I have recovered from that condition through the Steps...The Steps are best taken with a recovered alcoholic showing you how (a sponsor) so a meeting can be a good place to find that. I recommend looking at our basic text Alcoholics Anonymous first to see if you're one of us to see if you want what the Steps offer and to see what the *program* actually involves.
The key to success is 90 meetings in 90 days getting a sponsor and taking the steps.
Hi BonBon Welcome!..You have some good advice in the thread. Big Book Meetings in Person. I have gone to AA meetings for a while now and I find that the main part of getting sober is to surround yourself with people who have successfully gotten sober and they are (surprisingly) very easy to find...At every AA Meeting! ..Also please check out the r/stopdrinking sub. It is full of about 650000 people trying to stay sober and giving each other a lot of support.
Where are you located?  I'm always down to listen!!! Slip into my DMs or chat me up
That would be a f2f sponsor with time and experience in helping new people a person you can attend meetings with and use as a resource in taking the 12 steps. ..Choose less than that again and be in this spot again. There's your guidance.
From personal experience I would say to just get out and do things to keep your mind off of the alcohol. Trust me I hate being sober but your body will feel so much better if you endure the couple of days of withdrawals. I'm happier more motivated. I'm only 23 but I've been drinking for almost 10 years now. Drinks were pushed on me as a kid my dad thought my reaction to alcohol was funny. For the long term solution I don't have an answer but we can exchange info and talk to each other if you want. I always end up relapsing because I start feeling so good and healthy from sobriety  and I'm like  ok I'll only drink on weekends  and then  ok I can drink but I have to make sure I only start in the evening  and then it gets to the  I'm super hungover so to numb the pain out I'll just have a couple of shots in the morning to hold me over .  And every time I do the same thing the alcohol brings out all the pain I bottled up so I spend some days not working and sitting around getting lost in some tv show so I don't have to feel this weight on my chest I get absorbed into shows like the office or friends and I start getting anxious when thinking about the responsibilities I've put off. I need help too.
I have yet to get to day 1. So good job. Don't give up just start back at day 1
28 more days than most 20 year old alcoholics. Keep trying!
