-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bi20r5/sponsor_crossing_a_line/

Hello all!..I have a question in regards to my sponsors behavior. I had a mental relapse last week and just left without telling my fianc  where I was going or how long I would be gone. I left my phone at the house so she grabbed my phone and called my sponsor to see if he knew where I was. What happened next was a 40 minute phone call of him telling her lies about what I shared with him him telling her  I figured you had daddy issues  and saying things like  I'd kill to have a woman like you.  or  I can't speak to that I would have approached you at the gym as well.  ..This is very inappropriate behavior not only as a sponsor but as a human being and I want to report this to the proper people. I just don't know who that would be you know? He's currently sponsoring another person and has sponsored others in the past and I fear he's done or doing the same kind of thing to others...Any and all suggestions are welcome thanks all!
----------immediate responses--------

What you can do is ask someone less creepy to help you through the steps. This time maybe choose someone less hip and horny. As far as reporting him to the Sponsorship Ethics Board and getting his license to sponsor people who vanish occassionally revoked that may not happen.
Find a new sponsor. There's nowhere to report a bad sponsor as that's not how program works. It's like an upside down triangle. Meeting at the bottom influencing the decisions of the GSO at the top. Each meeting is autonomous of every other unless it is making decisions that affect multiple groups or AA as a whole. It's not a power handed down thing.
Depending on what he said and your jurisdiction it may constitute a threat (under the law). Either way you need a new sponsor. I like smaller meetings where you can get to know people more closely and pick a better match. It's worked for me.
I would chalk this up to a really great reminder that even those in AA with years and years of sobriety are still just people with a problem like me. There have been times I've almost idolized fellow members with like 15+ years only to find out that they're despicable in other ways. Sobriety most certainly doesn't solve everything!..I would get a new sponsor and tell this one to leave you alone. You don't owe any explanations as I'm sure he would just lie about what he said and it would frustrate you more. Hopefully he finds the help he needs.
You need a new sponsor asap. That's not acceptable behavior in any way shape or form.
This is exactly why I say so many times on this sub to be careful who you ask to sponsor you. Sponsors can be egotistical gossips. I haven't had a sponsor for a while and I'm perfectly happy. It works for some people. But before you go working the steps make sure the person you ask to sponsor you understands what you need. Remember this is not a one way relationship. Many egotistical sponsors have the "my way or the high way" approach. They say either you do what they say or find another sponsor. If you have a sponsor like that fire them on the spot.
AA sponsors and AA meetings are forever non-professional. There isn't anything like accreditation or professional discipline. There also isn't really someone in authority to complain to...I'd consider finding new meetings if your sponsor is influential at the meetings you now attend...Many people have nothing but positive experiences with meetings and sponsors but there are very unhealthy individuals and very unhealthy meetings. I know it might be hard but this is a good opportunity to put principals before personalities...I don't now how it happens but there are people I've encountered that in most ways got worse sober rather than better. AA isn't a place where you can trust everyone and not need any boundaries.
He does not sound spiritually fit and you are completely within bounds to find a new sponsor and ask him to never speak to you or your fiance' again. ..If he has a wife or girlfriend I'd report the behavior to them. Hahaha
The only  report  you can make is to tell other members. But maybe that's not so cool either. If someone had really crossed the line I'd strongly consider warming newcomers who were cozying up for their sponsorship. Other than that maybe I'd talk to elders in the group that I respected and trusted for their advice on how to handle it...AA is free for a reason. No one is a professional or governed by any meaningful oversight.
He sounds more like a predator.. sorry this happened to you
