-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bi58cs/i_got_my_3_month_chip_on_thursday_and_my_wife/


----------immediate responses--------

Whew. Brutal. Congrats on keeping the faith. My (ex-) wife left me a month after I got sober. In all fairness it wasn't the first time I  got sober  so I don't totally blame her. But it was so ironic to me that after all the times she caught me drinking and didn't divorce me she waited until I had been sober a month before finally pulling the plug on our marriage. Good luck to you!
Now you KNOW can get through anything dude  keep up the good work.
It was the woman of my dreams leaving me forever that has kept me sober for almost 4 years. I've learned that grieving is one of the purest forms of love and being sober helps me grieve her loss completely and fully. Every. Day. From. Here. On. Out.
Not at all nice to hear Mate  So glad your not looking into a Bottle  there will be swings &amp; roundabout just ride the wave  you already got a good outlook Stay close to meetings &amp; members  take care
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?
My girlfriend jus kicked me out of her house again. I fucked my relationship up so bad because of my alcoholism . My first idea that came to my head was to walk to the bar up the street in pooring rain and I reached out to my dad of all people to come get me. I'm 34 no license and recently went back in to aa. I have tried for years to get sober and I hate that my first thought was booze. I hate it. I literally planned it all out in less then 3 mins in my head. But I'm home now and I feel good that I didn't go.
Keep up the good work. You arent alone. Im also going through this. Like another redditor said  you can go through anything now. Stay strong brotha.
I'm(34f) in love with an alcoholic (35m). I don't know what to do and tonight I broke down. I called his mother and told her because I can't help him on my own. We are going to talk to a counselor together to see how to approach him. I've stood by him and have told him I want to help him even though he lies to me. I used to just get sad when I would catch him or find his stash and now my feelings are more angry which scares me.  He was sober for about 4 months and just recently relapsed.  I'm not sure if it's because he hung out with some old buddies (who also have substance abuse issues) or if it's just part of alcoholism that triggered his relapse.  We talk about kids but I'm terrified that he'll never be sober. I'm at the age where kids are now or never but how long can I wait for him to get healthy? I just want him to be healthy but at what cost to my dreams of a family? I want our future children to grow up in a safe and healthy home. I'm sorry if that sounds selfish.  Is there hope that he can overcome this?
Stay strong my wife told me she didn't want to be my wife any more after I got my 5 month chip. I went to a meeting an hour late and talked about it and I prayed about it. I still pray about it every day. I will give you the best advice I got Take it easy. I know for us that is not an easy thing to do but I promise you the answer is not in a bottle. It never has been...
Praying for you friend.
I broke up with my long term gf of 3 years when i got sober &amp; she decided to not stay sober... at around 100 days clean i made the mistake of allowing external events effect my emotions leading to relapse. Im glad i got another desire chip but i dont want to see anyone go down that route..Keep your head up brother
Oh man I'm sorry to hear about that! I'm glad you didn't drink that would be one of the hardest things to go through without trying to medicate myself with booze. I'm glad you're making it though sober!
4 perfectly good women left me over the years due to my drinking although I had  rigged up  all sort of denial excuses to level the blame on them.   Unfortunately the rest of my life proceeded apace so a crisis of my own making never brought me to my knees.  It was the repetitive failure of relationships that caused me to get sick of those outcomes.  Now 13 years later in AA it is so clear to me what was happening.  The 4th Step really cleared it up.  I would not care to be married to a cheating lying irresponsible idiot like I was either!   Good for those wives.  Ironically their lives all turned out fine.  I am happy for that.
Serenity to you friend. You need it...Wife proposed separation to me after I got sober but at least she had the decency to wait until I had over a year in. And she didn't make it easy for me during that time...The good news is that once you've passed through the initial response of escaping with alcohol you're now better able to address your emotions without overreacting.
People come and go the closer ones are more difficult I actually just separated from my wife yesterday and although I'm a little sad only for my daughter though I am excited to see what the future has in store. . .Out with the old and in with the new! .  .Hopefully we both get some nice new young hot rich nice caring loving women in our lives.
I want to thank everyone for their kind words that have given me hope during this time.  It gives me great comfort knowing that we are not alone out there.  Keep positive everyone.
Hey I'm here if you need a chat.
I'm getting my 3 month chip in two weeks. After almost 4 years of sobriety before that and two stints of 2 1/2 before that . My wife is vacillating about divorce but drinking would make it worse. Hang in there brother!
Prayers your way brother stay strong you'll be better off know matter what stay on Gods path stay with the steps and she'll be back and better for you or someone better will come across you! Proud of you!
