-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bi6vex/scared_for_the_future/

So far I've been 27 days sober. I am close to my first month without drinking but I have been lost in my thoughts about alcohol. I keep thinking I wish I could be like a normal person and just enjoy a drink or two and just have a fun night out and come home without abusing alcohol. But whenever I do drink I cant stop. And that's how I knew I had a problem it cost me my relationships and put a lot of strain on everything. My relationship with my sister her husband my parents; my brother. I had to quit my job I was getting drunk at work. It was a mess so I know I can never drink again. ..&amp;#x200B;..But the thing I am scared for is what if a big loss (e.g. when my parents pass away or anything of that sort) what if that triggers a relapse. I am scared I'll never be able to cope in a positive way. Yes I've given up alcohol but I've filled that with binge eating to numb the pain. I feel like I'll be an addict with unhealthy coping mechanisms and idk what to do about this overwhelming hopeless feeling that I'll never be normal or better. ..&amp;#x200B;..Does anyone else relate?
----------immediate responses--------

That thinking is stinking thinking or future think. Depends on who ya talk to...We take things one day at a time and build a very strong network for just those what if moments...Don't freak yourself out over something that's yet to happen...Reach out talk to people like your doing now. We're always around!
The mental obsession with alcohol doesn't go away when we stop drinking. The first time I stopped drinking I still had reservations and really took my time working this program. I had all the same thoughts you are describing. I was completely obsessed with the idea of social casual drinking which is impossible for me. I was totally focused on the future thinking of all these scenarios and trying to imagine how I would make it through them without drinking...This stuff will go away if you work the program honestly and fearlessly. Are you working the steps with a sponsor? Do you have a good group of sober friends? In my experience these were the things I needed to overcome the mental obsession with alcohol and create a life where it was easy to see any possible future event without wondering whether I would "need" to drink to get through it.
Definitely recommend getting involved in AA &amp; actively working on recovery. My mom passed away when I was about 10 months sober and I had no desire to drink. The program works for me  it's like I went into autopilot &amp; was able to find gratitude in my time with her during those last days I relied heavily on my higher power I went to a lot of meetings &amp; talked to other alcoholics in recovery. I made it through &amp; now have about 5 1/2 years of sobriety. I truly believe without AA I would be dead.
I did the steps in the big book with a sponsor and my obsession to drink has been removed. ..It's a freaking miracle. I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything. As long as I keep going to meetings practice the steps on a daily basis and help others In need I believe my higher power will keep relieving me of my obsession. ..It's not hard not to drink when I don't give a shit about drinking ..My advice would be to get to a some meetings. Get a sponsor and do the steps. Sooner then later.
I found something better than being "normal" living a happy sober life in AA.
If you want to stop drinking and can't do it on your own AA has a way.  The recipe for success I've seen is 90'meetings in 90 days get a sponsor and take the steps.  ..I had to get willing to do that.  Alcohol gave me that.
The biggest issue I had was continuing to live the lie that I wanted to be a normal drinker. I don't and I never did. Normal drinkers make as much sense to me as I'm sure I make to them. Two drinks doesn't sound like a fun night to me at all. It sounds like a tease. When I came to accept my problem (through step work and meetings) I recognized romantacizing my drinking habits only perpetuated my problem. No amount of drinking is good for me. I can't live in that house anymore. ..I get why you're scared and I've been there. But you're heading down the wrong path if you hang onto the idea you can drink normally.
