-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bjbc0o/goodbye_letter_to_alcohol/

I am currently in an outpatient rehab program and they had us write a  goodbye  letter to drugs and alcohol. I thought I'd share mine: ..I was sitting on the floor of my apartment my best friend/ roommate on my left my boyfriend (at the time) on my right and a fifth of tequila in my lap. It was the beginning of a very fun night. I went to the kitchen to retrieve the freshly cut limes I had all ready to go for our typical summer evening. When I got back I found the two of them playing rock-paper-scissors. Loser had to  take care of me  when I inevitably ended up drunk out of my mind and bent over the toilet. Three years later the game isn't funny anymore. ..I wanted to escape I still do. Escape the scars the dirt that touch that never stopped stinging. Escape the relentless reminder that I don't matter. I remember being itchy. Scratching my skin until I bled trying to escape my body. At first my innocence was stolen but then I gave everything away. Gave it to the one thing that would allow me to escape this deafening pain. ..At first when I got drunk it was amazing. I felt an immediate overwhelming release. I was free from anxiety pressure and I sure as hell couldn't feel any pain. I finally found a cure. I was dancing. I felt like a new person. From that point on I knew I would do anything to have that feeling again. I was a lying and manipulative person when it came to alcohol. I would do almost anything to get it. When I turned 21 shit hit the fan. I started drinking every day. Earlier and earlier until I found myself drunk 24/7 for a few days then going through a nasty hang over maybe spending 12 hours sober and then drinking again. A few months ago I found myself consistently drunk for about three or four weeks. I landed myself in the hospital with an overdose. Every time the nurse came into the room she reiterated how lucky I was to be alive. Since then I've been extremely serious about trying to get sober but I kept relapsing. I wasn't knocking on death's door I was pounding on it. ..My biggest goal in life in to save children from the pain I had to experience. But how the hell can I help anyone if I continue on this path. ..I'm only 12 days sober today. All I can think about is how petrified I am of drinking again. I am filled with thankfulness and gratitude for my beating heart. I am looking forward to a journey without alcohol. I'm looking forward to finding myself again. Goodbye to the life-sucking hangovers. Goodbye to that whore called loneliness. This time I'm playing rock-paper-scissors with myself and I'll always come out on top.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing you seem to have a solid core and I'm sure plenty of kids you'll help in the future will be so thankful you decided to sober up now.
&gt; All I can think about is how petrified I am of drinking again. ..Ah now THAT is one healthy fear to have earned. And earn it we did. So with it same as likewise with your sobriety... own it cherish it protect it as if your very life depends upon it. For yes it indeed does as your words so truly express...Congrats both on your 12-days sober and your wonderful outlook on living life sober. Best to you.
Do you have a sponsor?  What step are you on?
thank you for sharing this i really needed to hear this tonight.
Keep going strong!
"Gave it to the one thing that would allow me to escape this deafining pain". .This is written beautifully. .Every waking thought was about alcohol in my final years. I barely breathed a sober breath for a solid decade. I myself gave it all to alcohol and received nothing in return for it took everything..Congrats on your new found sobriety.
Keep up the good work! ..If you haven't already I would highly recommend getting a copy of the book "The Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions". It does a really good job of outlining steps One through Four and helping you work through them almost like a troubleshooting guide of most common issues people run into. ..Seattle has a great recovery community. I live in the Midwest but a guy in my home group got sober there and has some great stories about how supportive that community is. ..Apparently a decent amount of Native American spirituality at the meetings he went to which I always thought was cool. ..Be well!
