-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bjlc9k/take_what_you_can_and_leave_the_rest/

I hear this thrown around a lot but I'm trying to do a cross-reference online and it doesn't seem to be directly out of the big book unless I've missed it. I don't remember seeing it when I first read through the book but I've only read through once so far and may have missed it. Anyway is this "true" AA doctrine or is it something that's crept in over the years? (Also does that really even matter?) What happens with people who want to get and stay sober but who don't believe in everything in the big book? (The obvious first example is the higher power issue but there are others I can think of.)  ...Full disclosure: I'm struggling with feeling like I don't fit or am persona non grata but I want to be part of AA as much as I can. I know I'm opening myself up to harsh criticism here by asking this but I'm genuinely trying to find my place in AA.
----------immediate responses--------

All I know for sure is that when I tried to only use the parts of the program I "liked" I ended up drinking again. So when I came back I decided I was going to do it exactly the way the book describes. I did a set of steps quickly straight out of the book and the experience was profound and it feels like the best chance to remain in recovery that I've ever had...There are the AA purists who will claim that if you don't follow the book exactly you will inevitably get drunk again. Obviously that doesn't stand up to scrutiny because people exist who are undoubtedly alcoholic and successfully stop drinking using other methods or who don't follow the Big Book exactly...The reason I don't love "take what you like and leave the rest" is that it's usually used to justify simply ignoring parts of the program someone doesn't like or doesn't want to do. It's totally fine to have a robust program of recovery that includes 12-step principles but doesn't rely on them exclusively. Medical science and our understanding of addiction has advanced and we know more than we did in 1939. We should embrace that and use other approaches methods in conjunction with AA as needed. But when "take what you like and leave the rest" is just code for "I don't want to do that so I'm not going to" I don't think that bodes well for sustained recovery.
I think the most important thing is shopping around for a group you feel most comfortable in. Sometimes it takes a while. But don't give up if you really have the desire to quit boozing.   .As far as a higher power goes. I know a lot of people in AA who don't really have a higher power. They are agnostics &amp; atheists. Some have been sober &amp; successful for 20+ years. I am not saying it's wrong or right. It's a personal issue.
You will never suffer ' harsh criticism' in this sub. We are all in the same boat as you no matter how long we've been sober. It's still only a day at a time...I have 5 years and I did exactly that - took what I needed and left the rest. I am not religious nor am I expected to be. In fact we end our meeting with the Serenity Prayer. 'using the word God as you may or may not come to understand Him'...There are no leaders in AA and no one will tell you what to do - theylonly suggest. I wish you well and know that you will stay on the path to an amazing life.
Well TWYWLTR isn't AA  but it *can* be good advice. There can be things happening or said at AA that aren't in line with recovery leaving that alone would be good. On the other hand choosing to leave that which is in line with the program might not work so well. If there are things in the big book or heard in meetings that I have as hard time with I can remember to ask to be open-minded. I might not be able to follow a suggestion or work a step on some character defect/resentment/problem today but I can ask for the willingness to do it tomorrow.
Hey Undercover thanks for the post!..The most clear concise and factual answer to your question would need to be divided this way:..Alcoholics Anonymous (the fellowship) ..- yes anything goes! This is just a group of people after all. The *fellowship* is just people meetings various other collections of writings about tips and tricks and all sorts of stuff. Take what you want and leave the rest...Alcoholics Anonymous (the program)..- the *program* of Alcoholics Anonymous which is the 12 Steps as written in the book Alcoholics Anonymous from which the *fellowship* takes its name is *not* a buffet where I would just grab a little Step 6 here take a little Step 11 there and expect to have anything resembling the state of recovery described by the people who wrote the book...The reason the differentiation between the *program* and the *fellowship* is exactly because of questions like yours. Our fellowship welcomes all and therefore contains innumerable people who just as an example may have had literally zero problem putting down the drink. Sometimes people even come to AA without ever having had any kind of drinking problem at all. ..As a hopeless chronic alcoholic would I benefit from advice from such a person simply because they have abstained from alcohol for a certain amount of time? Perhaps. Could I relate to their experience in regards to the lack of control and choice that are key to the physical and mental state of chronic alcoholism? Not if they aren't an alcoholic...As a person who deeply relates to the Big Book's description of the real alcoholic (from the title page through page 43) the message that can reach me has to be one if depth and weight. Only another real alcoholic (in the words of the book) can talk to me from their experience about lack of power being their dilemma with alcohol. Only someone who has been in that place and has recovered from that state can reach someone like me. The admonishments of dozens of friends lovers and family members who were not alcoholics never reached me like someone who had lived with the same internal struggle and recovered from it could reach me...Approaching the collected experience of the originators of Alcoholics Anonymous (the program outlined in the book) with a buffet mentality where I take what I like and leave the rest is no different than approaching a cake recipe the same way. The book is a guide to self-diagnosis a vision for what our lives can be and most importantly a concise set of directions for recovering by following the path the writers followed to recover. If I take what I want from a cake recipe and leave out the bits I find unappealing skip ahead or bounce around or ignore the directions on when and how to do parts of the process I might end up having a mound of sugary goo on a plate that I call a cake but it is doubtful it will actually be what the originators of the instructions intended me to create...Again if you're asking about the *fellowship* by all means sample and browse and leave what you don't like on the cutting room floor. But the *program* of Alcoholics Anonymous is the 12 Steps from the book of the same name which remain unchanged since publish over 80 years ago for a good reason. Mixing in other things and leaving things out probably won't get you the results the authors describe in the 9th and 10th Step promises.
It's a bit less easy to quote how the book puts it so the common practice is the phrase you'll hear a lot..."Afterward we found ourselves accepting many things which then seemed entirely out of reach. That was growth but if we wished to grow we had to begin somewhere."..Just suggests you accept what you can as a start that down the road your understanding can increase if you allow it.
Same thing when people talk about sponsorship and 4th step "turn arounds" neither are mentioned in the BB but its seen as AA dogma at this point.
I replied to a comment of yours but never chimed in on your actual question!..Personally I have a relatively progressive view on AA meaning I don't adhere to the BB like doctrine. But I do try to get some message out of everything. The BB talks about admitting people against their will using manipulation (I remember it says try to talk to someone when they are hungover as they may be more receptive/have less fight in them during this time) etc. It also has a 'To Wives' chapter. Do I take it literally and get caught up in the words? NO! I take the message and move on. Just like my view of the Bible - it's an older text; of course there's outdated thinking in there! So read it like Aesop's Fables and TAKE THE MESSAGE and move on...Regarding 'true' doctrine - well the only people who get caught up in that are bleeding deacons. With that having been said there is a limit in my mind. AA is working the steps (properly) with a sponsor and going to meetings. Beyond that do what's right for you. But don't use it as justification to do less/no work. We can all tell who is BSing and who's not!..Regarding the HP - well tons of atheists are in AA. The HP can literally be the universe or it can be the collectivism of AA as a whole. Don't let the GOD thing deter you!
"Take what you want/can and leave the rest behind" isn't out of the big book nor is it part of AA.  The book uses statements like "There is no middle of the road solution".  ..The program of AA is laid out in the book you can pick and choose from that and may or may not stay sober.
My spin......Take what you can and leave the rest simply means "to thy own self be true".''..Glad you brought up about folks staying sober who "who don't believe in everything in the big book". I for sure am one. ... ..Take the god bit or even higher power. I float mostly with atheism sometimes agnostic and on occasion with a non-deity high power-- whatever the hell that can be hah! .. Who says you gotta stick to one belief and call it a day? Not that I would listen to it anyways...Other beefs I cannot cater to... A.A. really started as sorta of an off-shoot from the Oxford Group. This was quite strict &amp; demanding religious way of staying sober. It worked for some but ultimately died a silent death. ..Far as I'm concerned A.A. did not break far enough away from the teachings/ways of the Oxford Group. Example is there is dogma still in the writings.... always saying god the once in a while thrown in "god as we understand him" (we? him?). The higher power idea gets nearer to an open concept...But whatever hey? As Bill W. said  "We are only operating a spiritual kindergarten" in which can open the door to a spiritual way of life. Words to that effect &amp; the quote part is his. ..So at 24+yrs sober yeah I'll keep coming back.
The end of chapter 5 how it works:  Our book is meant to be suggestive only. We realize we know only a little.  ..My favorite line in the book...Many of us myself included do not buy into everything in the Big Book or that is said in rooms. I have been sober for nearly 9 years now. ..The tricky thing is that when I was newly getting sober it was tough to discern what was unwillingness because I wanted to go back to using on some subconscious level and what was unwillingness based in knowing something was not right for me. I tended to the side of trying things out before deciding and taking others' examples since they were actually sober. Since I knew I absolutely couldn't go down the praying-to-deities or believing-in-magic paths (been there done that lived to tell the tale) I found other atheists/agnostics who got sober in AA and followed their path. My sponsor was sort of an atheist book thumper who was deeply invested in general service so I feel I got the best of both worlds with her.
