-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bk3f0y/there_but_for_the_grace/

I'm new to this sub but I've been a member of AA since Jan 10 2016 with no drinks since that date.  My first child a daughter was born almost 3 weeks ago.  Things have been so hectic here at home that I haven't been able to make a meeting since then.  This is the longest I've gone without a meeting since i got sober.  My wife is struggling with some post partum depression issues so I'm having to be home to jump into childcare mode when she gets overwhelmed.  I'm happy to do it and recognize that there's no way i could handle this without AA and sobriety...We bought a new house a few months ago.  We've noticed that one of our neighbors often brings home cases of beer and other liquor store items early in the day.  We've made comments about it not in a judgmental way but in a "been there done that" kind of way...Fast forward to today and i notice our neighbor flat on his back in the middle of our street.  I ran out right away to see if he's ok.  He doesn't come to quickly and he's an older man so i yelled to my wife to call 911.  I was worried about a heart attack or something.  Then he wakes up and i can smell the alcohol.  I ask him if he's maybe had too much to drink and he says yes.  I helped him up and to his door.  By now his family has come out and emergency responders are starting to arrive so i just head back inside.  The paramedics do eventually load him up and take him away...This experience today reminded me of how important this thing really is.  I've found myself in this man's shoes more than once in my life.  So it's no exaggeration for me to say there but for the grace of God go i.  I couldn't get to a meeting today to share this and thought this would be the next best place...TLDR:  Haven't been to a mtg in a while.  Found a man passed out drunk in the street and got him sent to the hospital.  This is how my higher power spoke to me today.
----------immediate responses--------

That is powerful. Thanks for sharing and best wishes to you and your family in this time of transition!
Beautiful truth.
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing this!
Online meetings are perfect for this.  ..www.intherooms.com
Congratulations on the baby and well done on your sobriety! Have you considered passing a copy of the big book to him and maybe have a chat with him about AA or talk to his family about it?
Thank you for sharing. Some advice I got when my little one was first born: do the next right thing. If that's not a meeting for a few weeks it's okay as long as your sobriety is in good shape. Being there for your wife is powerful service...I'm sorry to hear about your neighbor but I hope it's a wake up call...Thank you for sharing and I will not drink with you today. We are always one drink away-- this 24 hours is a good sober place to be.
Thanks for your share and congratulations. I agree with a previous poster that being with your family sober and happy is a powerful service. We got sober in order to lead a happier life and missing a meeting or two just means that the life we have striven for has intervened...You are handling it perfectly. All the very best and stay well my friend.
I can totally relate to your post. I too have a young family and there's always something going on and sometimes it tough trying to get to a meeting. My life doesn't revolve around AA but AA is a very important part of my life. I found a perfect mix that works for me. I usually attend a Tue noon meeting and the Friday night men's meeting. I've been sober over 4 years and I thank AA and the rooms for helping me turn my life around.
 Congratulations on your continued sobriety your newborn and new home acquisition. You're a good neighbor. Do you plan to share your recovery story with your neighbor? I understand not wanting to be invasive and what not.
