-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bkhfoz/cant_get_out_of_the_rabbit_hole/

Hi my name is J---- and I'm an alcoholic..I am 25 years old but I feel like I've got myself stuck in a vicious cycle..I am currently at a job that is making me more money that I ever have (or probably will ever have without a college degree).I go to work every day trying to be the best I can at my job..I have a great friend group that supports me and checks up on me and encourages me to continue on my journey. .I have an alcohol addiction..Not sure if its mainly alcohol or if it is just a stimulant dependence but every night i feel the need to indulge..I excessively abuse alcohol to cope with the daily stresses of my life my job and my relationships..Within the last 3 years I couldn't tell you a month week or even a day that I haven't gone without "self medicating.".I'm not sure what im looking for whether it be advice help or even just someone to confide in to help me through my journey..I have tried AA..I have tried NA..The only thought that I have left those meetings with is "I need a cigarette". Or "I need a beer"..All I'm looking for is suggestions. .What has helped you through your darkest times..What encouraged you to better yourself..Why do I feel alone?.I know reddit isnt the best place for these type of questions but I feel like this is the only place I can vent my frustrations..This is my life..This is my struggle..This is my community...-Alcoholic
----------immediate responses--------

When you say you tried AA and NA what exactly do you mean? Did you work the program completely? A full set of steps living 10 11 and 12 daily carrying the message to others and still experience no relief from the desire to drink? I ask because I and many other people have concluded that AA didn't work because we were just going to meetings we weren't actually practicing the steps in order to experience a spiritual awakening...The whole thing sounded like nonsense to me until I got desperate enough to do a set of steps very quickly as outlined in the Big Book. I did experience a spiritual awakening and for me nothing else has ever been nearly as effective. My illness is spiritual and requires a spiritual solution. That meant I had to do more than go to meetings...If you have honestly worked the entire program and it had effect then 12-step recovery may not be for you but in my experience most people reach that conclusion without actually amassing enough evidence first.
Is it a city job?
I know a lot of people find something encouraging or helpful in this online community; there's also r/stopdrinking and r/alcoholism as well as other programs out there that might help too. Throw out as many lifelines as you can! Addiction is serious and a bully. AA's not perfect and it's challenging but it's helping me. Have you also tried talking with an addiction specialized counselor?
For me I couldn't stop. I had hid it for years but now my family friends were all really concerned. Telling me for about three years of a 10 year binger. I'm 26 but started back in high school always justifying it then one day I couldn't stop. The day of my engagement I was filled with happiness and love. And whisky. The next day I went to a coffee shop to help my girl study and brought booze to put in my coffee on a Sunday after drinking all week. She finally has enough and said it's gonna come down to her or the drink and what ever I care about more. She was scared for our future our kids and my health. She said I don't want to Marry you to have you die young from drinking. That plus my dad sending me long messages and links about quitting. And then I got into a big fight at a bachelor party and knocked out two grown men. One threatens to press charges. I could have lost my job. Oh and that's the second time that's happened in less than a year. But I've been threatened with assault about 5 times. All I do when I drink is get rowdy loose control of my emotions or get distracted with other women. Not to mention I have no energy all day a shitty moody and feel like crap. Plus it takes away from my workouts. I'm fit I cook I'm ambitious and hard working but not when I drink. Alcohol brings out all my worst qualities. It's not helping any of my life goals. One day I woke up and said enough enough. Cold turkey quit. I have done more in the past 3 months than in the last year! Home improvement new hobbies visiting places working out like crazy work productivity energy memory and mood! I am a new man. I never want to go back. The thought disgusts me now. I still go out here and there but drink non alchohoic beers. Saving money and no DUI risk! My public speaking and social skills are even stronger sober. And I feel happy. Find strength brother. Listen to the people that love you. Live the life you deserve!
