-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/blxrzq/i_am_really_afraid_i_wont_stay_sober/

 I am posting this to start my first attempt at sobriety I always say I need to stop drinking I stay sober for a day or two and then unfortunately pick it back up. I am really afraid I just wont stop even though I want to. I know I would be a better person and much healthier I know it only holds me back in life and causes problems that otherwise would not exist. I have no one to talk to about this I know I need to do this for myself and not other people but it would definitely help to at least tell someone that I am struggling. So here I am hopefully this is the start to a better future.
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time. Even if you drink just start again the next day. Don't beat yourself up. You are asking for help you are willing and that's amazing. .Go to a meeting everyday if possible. Listen to AA shares on youtube. Pick up the phone. Find your tribe..Most of all be kind to yourself. You are not a bad person trying to become good. You are an ill person trying to become well.
Have you been to a meeting yet? Do a search for aa meetings near me and a meeting scheduled should come up. If there is a clubhouse near you you may be able to catch one this evening. Definitely do it as soon as you are able. ..You don't have to say or do anything your first meeting and if it's an open one you don't even have to introduce yourself as an alcoholic so don't be intimidated by any of that... If you do choose to speak you will be given lots of very valuable info about the program of alcoholics anonymous. Good luck and godspeed. It may seem impossible but millions of people have paved your way so don't be afraid. Feel free to keep us posted.
Statistically you won't stay sober if your truly an alcoholic.  That thought bothers me because that applies to me as well.  ..I think continuing with AA gives me the best odds of staying sober. I've been doing the same thing every day for a long time and it's worked every day.  Hopefully I won't decide tomorrow I don't have to do it. ..The good sign for you is that you're afraid you won't stay sober.  That's realistic. People that that think they have this usually don't.
Your why has to be greater than drinking
No guarantees for any of us. Doing enough to support our new direction is key. You might find an alcoholic who hasn't had to drink or dope for a long time and ask for their help to copy their actions.
Have a look at r/stopdrinking r/dryalcoholics r/alcoholism_medication r/alcoholism r/adultchildren
I have been sober for 15 months and still to this day I feel like I will relapse eventually and won't be able to quit again its a scary thought but it is there .I just keep taking it one day at a time until maybe I just can't anymore .Sorry this is discouraging that wasn't my intention just letting you know your not alone
Go to a meeting. Raise your hand during the meeting. when called on say you're scared and need a sponsor. ..that is what I did over seven months ago and I couldn't have stayed sober this long otherwise.
Turn off the computer and get your butt to an AA meeting or 90. In person face to face recovery is essential. You're not going to get and stay sober on Reddit alone.
Have you asked your doctor about disulfiram?
Keep it in the day. Today you won't have one drink. Maybe you won't stay sober. But you don't have to worry about that. Focus on staying away from one drink for one day. ..Call Central Service in your area and say what you said here. Follow their suggestions. Go to a meeting. Get a meeting book. Have people circle meetings they suggest you go to. Too shy? No prob. Just show up and be a fly on the wall.
You can not drink for 24 hrs or 12 hours or one hour get to a meeting and try not to drink that's all you need to get started. And AA meeting is the safest and friendliest place for an alcoholic to go no one will make you do anything you don't want to ours is a program of suggestions
IF your battle with alcohol has you feeling beaten and hopeless than you are in EXACTLY the right mental place to make a giant leap forward ......IF you go to an AA meeting!
I never thought I would stay sober. I still think I won't some days. Low and behold here I am. Still sober. Almost a year..The days get easier. I don't know how or why. .The moments I want to drink are few. Life is precious no matter how you size it up.
It helps if you change to the positive. I ca do this I can stay sober. Just for today. One day at a time.
Well said.
First of all.. Congratulations on taking the first step. I (45/f) am the wife of a recovering alcoholic (46/m)... he has been an alcoholic since about 15 years old and this month he will celebrate 9 years of sobriety. It isn't easy...but there ARE people to help you. Go to meetings. 90 meetings in 90 days. Get numbers.. it is an amazing group to be a part of. Take it day by day hour by hour. Don't think long term think of today. Go to meetings you can't do it alone. Good luck.
Thing seem scary and daunting at first but over time and in sometimes a shorter amount than you realize exposing yourself to situations that you once had anxiety from slowly start to feel routine and accomplished.
