-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bn57gq/questioning_things/

Hi all..&amp;#x200B;..I'm struggling with my recovery. Not in a debate of if I want to get loaded or not but more like maybe this isn't the place for me anymore...&amp;#x200B;..Before I get into my background and my recovery I want to say that I go to meetings have a home group service commitment have a sponsor no sponsees currently but not by my choice and have sponsored plenty previously 3 years sober and involve myself in the fellowship.  So I do grow and tend to my recovery quite a bit. ..&amp;#x200B;..A bit about me: growing up my dad was in and out of my life as a small child and then permanently disappeared when I was 15. I had a lot of abandonment issues that resulted in a lot of codependency in friendships and relationships. I was bullied a lot in school being told nobody would ever like me or love me. I struggled with depression and anxiety from as far back as I can remember but began being treated for it when I was 13. Around this time I got an eating disorder and self harm issues until I was about 18 or 19. I start smoking weed at 15 and drinking when I was 18. At both 17 and 19 I spent the summers in a behavioral facility. I really started abusing alcohol probably at 19 while in an extremely toxic relationship. I mean the drinking definitely got bad but when it was pointed out to me that I was abusing it I quit for almost a year. My bottom was that in the last 7 months before I got sober a guy I was interested in offered me pills and I accepted them to get close to him. I still wasn't drinking or smoking or doing anything else but with him (in hindsight) being highly addicted to opiates I got extremely dependent on them and it wasn't until I used them that I actually felt physically and mentally dependent on a substance. At 20 he was threatening my life one night and I jumped out of his car to escape which ended me in a hospital where my parents asked me to get sober...&amp;#x200B;..Like I said I got sober at 20 and am now almost 24. My sobriety has had its ups and downs and through it I was able to gain a lot of self worth and happiness. I love the fellowship and love doing step work and having a sponsor but in the last 6 months or so I've just felt like AA maybe isn't the place for me. Every time I speak and share my story I feel really out of place. I feel like my story isn't about my battle with alcoholism but more of a battle of mental health and substance abuse rather than addiction. Step work and utilizing a sponsor brings me relief to insecurities and bouts of depression but I feel like AA itself is not where I feel like "me"...&amp;#x200B;..I know it's nobody's ability to judge whether or not I'm an addict. But when I bring this up to my brothers and sisters in the program I'm met with a lot of judgement. So I wanted to come here I guess. And see if anyone has any perspective or experience with this.
----------immediate responses--------

AA might not be the place for you. If substance abuse and mental health are your issue and not alcohol then AA isn't for you.  Only you can decide what your issue is.  ..If your an alcoholic and a bunch of other stuff AA can help.  If your not an alcoholic AA can't help.  You  might be discovering why we have the singleness of purpose.  ..This pamphlet might help. https://www.aa.org/assets/en_us/aa-literature/p-35-problems-other-than-alcohol..I'd caution you to look at your motives. You might want to continue recovery from your issues elsewhere.
I hear you. That early in my life I was told by my fam I needed to be careful cause my "father" (sperm donor) was one. Personally I continued to party for the next 20-some years (only thing I didn't try was crack cause it wasn't around at the time) mostly quite successfully. The disease of addiction is proven to be progressive and incurable. Even then there is a point at which an addict can stop on their own but rarely has the motivation to do so at that time. No one can tell you if you ARE one of us. There is no medical test. Proof of this disease can be read through an autopsy. Only you can decide that. That being said...I'm glad that you know we're here. If you do decide to go at least you'll know where to come if you need us. Good luck my friend.   :)
Remember that alcohol is only a symptom of the disease of addiction. The program is a manual for us for finding a way to get through all the mental gymnastics that come with addiction. Most of us have additional issues. Some mental others physical; but more than likely a combination of both. To use other avenues for things not addiction-related should be encouraged. (Some of us are sicker than others...)  You may also want to crosspost to r/women_in_recovery. Great site with some great gals. I hope you find what you're looking for.   :)  P.
Sounds like you are ready for a therapist. You suffered trauma as a child. Please get help from a professional.
AA isn't going anywhere. If you feel the need to mix it up then you should. Try different meetings maybe get a new home group. You can try NA or maybe just counseling. Try yoga and meditation and then stay in touch with friends in AA. This is your program and you can work it how you want.
