-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bp0ka8/i_want_to_be_sober_again/

Hey everyone. 3 1/2 years ago I was introduced to AA. It was really tough for me in the beginning. I went to a rehab that was strictly a 12 step program but it was overall a great experience. I met some wonderful people who helped me along the way I made a lot of mistakes and was able to work them out with my sponsor went through all 12 steps  sponsored a lot of other women I did it all. After I hit 3 years I didn't even bother telling anyone because I had been on the verge of a relapse for over a year and didn't feel like I was going to make it much longer. ..I relapsed in December 2018 and I have been drinking since. I couldn't take it anymore. I drank lightly in the beginning then after a month or two started drinking heavily and now I'm currently drinking lightly a couple nights a week. This is originally what I was hoping for. To be able to have a couple drinks go to bed then go to work in the morning. I know I'm an alcoholic. I established that over 3 years ago regardless of how much I try to deny it. I use alcohol to "make me happy" when in fact it makes me miserable and destroys me as a person. ..I remember the days when I was sober and lived a good life. For the first year I was completely different than who I am now. I was honest I constantly was looking at ways to improve my character defects. I was self aware. I was happy. But after that first year it all went downhill. And after I've relapsed I've turned back into the same person I tried to run away from when I went to rehab. All I wanted from that program was 1. to not want to wake up every single day wishing I was dead. and 2. to not be anything like the person I was. I had both of those things very briefly. ..I want to get sober again. I've talked to a friend of mine that I've known since rehab and he stayed sober and is doing the best out of the whole group I was with. I've already told him I've wanted to get sober at least twice and failed. I don't want to go to him again because then it just turns into the whole "okay well you said that last time so what's different this time.." because quite honestly I don't know. All I know is I can't live like this anymore. I don't know who to talk to about this. I want to be an honest person again. I want to be there for people. I want to be better. ..I hope it makes some sort of sense and I appreciate any advice.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello m_lynch16...I feel for you and am grateful for your sharing that. I can remember and relate to waking and wishing I was dead. I remember despairing of ever believing that I had another chance. Of not seeing any way out. Of not believing any well-meaning platitudes or cheery encouragement. I think you probably already know the answer to your question. Unfortunately it's not the kind of answer that shows up in a flash. It's doing the deal. Day in and day out. When we want to and when we don't. When we feel hopeful and when we feel hopeless. Maybe you actually have a huge advantage over newcomers...you KNOW you already have evidence that it works if you work it and doesn't if you don't. Please feel free to message me anytime if you need a kick in the ass to do today's necessary work. Baby steps daily gets us where we wanna go. Feeling sorry for ourselves just prolongs the suffering and there's no knowing if we have any time to waste.
Your friends question about what's different about this time is pretty important. ..For years I thought I wanted to get sober but in hindsight what I really wanted was for the pain to end with little or no effort on my part...I honestly believed I was willing to do the work but I wasn't doing the work. Eventually I realized willingness is a verb.
Makes two of us as I also want you to be sober again. Only one of us can walk you into a meeting to make a beginning. Hope you'll do that.
If he's a regular member of AA all he'll say is  keeping coming back. ..I know that's what I would say...What's the first word of the first step?  We ...None of us can do this alone. Don't ever be afraid to ask for help. That's what AA is for...Your post is a great reminder of what I've gained and what I have to lose if I slip back into isolation and self-seeking behavior. I do not want that mental obsession in my mind again. ..Godspeed.
Since you've walked through the steps before you know what everyone will tell you. There isn't anything new. The questions are  are you now willing to go to any length ? Am I willing to set my pride and ego aside and walk into the rooms and start anew ?  You know all of this  only you can decide if the person looking back at you in the mirror is ready. Only you can decide where your bottom is. ..I'll think good thoughts for you.
Hello...I am going to give you some home truth on this...1 you can have 1 or 2 drinks and stop...2. You said you done the whole 12 steps. There had to be some reservation some area you were not totally honest in...3. I in your situation would get back with your sponsor if possible. Say you are ready this time. Get right into it. ..Please let me say I am putting this a little to the point but it is in your own best interest and it comes with love. I wish you well...Your Friend John         
It's a disease not a disgrace   put your pride in your pocket and go to a meeting.
