-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bp676h/664_days_ago_i_was_living_in_the_back_of_a/

For those of you who might be struggling I just want to reach out my hand. There's a difference between raising your hand at the end of the meeting and reaching your hand out to those in need...I rejected Alcoholics Anonymous for years because I wasn't ready to get sober...I still disagree with the misogynist aspect of the program and I am a firm believer that a 5th edition should modernize and refrain from writing chapter telling  wives  how to treat their husbands when they are transitioning into sobriety and being referred to as  wet blankets. ..Despite my petulant feelings towards the language of the late 1930s I cannot deny that the program of Alcoholics Anonymous served an integral piece of my road to recovery...It was important for me to connect with older members who had significant time that helped me come to believe that a life without drugs and alcohol was possible...Early in my recovery a wise man once told me not to sit with my friends at the meeting and suggested that I sit in the front with other veteran members who had accumulated time...As it was difficult for me to see the forest from the trees in my addiction it was simultaneously challenging for me to wrap my head around this prophetic notion that most of the guys I went to rehab with have either relapsed or died...At almost two years sober I often forget that I was a homeless heroin addict who robbed drug dealers. The embarrassment of waiving a sign begging for change eating out of the trash and smoking cigarette butts off the street. But I have never said to myself  I got this! ..I continuously find myself being hyper vigilant when I find myself in compromising situations surrounded by substances...However the obsession has been removed...I've never been one to tell people what to do or what not to do...I just wanted to share my experience strength and hope.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. These are the kinds of posts I love to read...And just BTW I agree that the book needs some serious revision.
Love this but seriously is the truck okay?
Thank you for sharing especially about not sitting with your friends in meetings. Keep up the hard work!
Hello my friend...I must say I read some stories that truly touch my heart. Yours is most certainly on such story. ..To think of you rising from the depths of addiction that can take us so far down and then to rebuild our lives. ( Please I am not being judgemental. I came from the same low point. ) ..It never ceases to amaze me and touch my deeply as I see lives come back together. I have sat in rooms with 300 and more years of sobriety around the table. I have sat with 2 or 3 new people and the new ones help me far more. ..Thank you for sharing your life so openly and honestly with us. I wish you well on your own journey.  I hope 1 day at a time that we may share many many more sober days together.  ..And share that experiance strength and hope...Your Friend John         
I'm very confused. Are you an Alcoholic with a desire to stop drinking? Or a drug addict ditto or both?.AA really works for Alcoholics and I'm very glad you're sober. Hope you're getting the other aspects of your disease treated as well .
I am recovering alcoholic who struggled with substance abuse  and currently I  am an active member of alcoholics anonymous.
644 days here! It's a second chance at life that I didn't think I'd get. Isn't it wonderful?
Very encouraging. I have 82 days sober today. Living high class homeless my sponsor says. Not on the street couch surfing...I have a long  way yet to go. The advice to stick with the winners is right. ..I wonder where I will be at two years sober.
Great to hear in recovery the Raw stuff  wanting to be Sober  good on you mate please carry on  the Promises are ahead 
**High^Five for 664 days /u/pandulceparty!**        ..Thanks for this encouraging uplifting post.
