-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bp6edy/antabuse_experience/

I've been a part of AA since the beginning of the year. I've managed small spurts of sober time but I keep relapsing. I know of antabuse from my mother but we've never discussed it. Rehab isn't a possibility for me now. I would hate to have to chose between my home and my life. I suppose if I had to choose I could but I would prefer to not lose my living arrangements. I'm working the steps and have a sponsor. I just can't seem to stay sober because of my cravings. I think antabuse might be able to deter me from relapsing until my mind can really get into the program. Does anyone have experience with this?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have experience with Antabuse but I did use a prescribed medication to curb cravings in the early days of my sobriety which helped me out a lot. Fortunately those who suffer from alcoholism now have a number of options that can help in addition to meetings/sponsor/step-work (three of which are FDA approved specifically for treating alcohol use disorder). I'm not a physician so I cannot say which might help you if any but I would definitely talk to a doctor about this. The right medicine helped me focus on my recovery and the program and got me on good footing until I no longer needed it to stay sober. ..I wish you the best of luck and keep coming back!
I know a number of people that tried Antabuse and they all drank anyway.  One of them died. ..I'm powerless over alcohol that means I can't not drink. If jail ruined relationships homelessness didn't keep me from drinking I doubt Antabuse would. I need help from a higher power. ..At first I got down on my knees every morning and asked my higher power to remove the obsession to drunk and use drugs.  That bought me time until I could get a sponsor and do the steps.  It worked and continues to work.
You may get more answers by crossposting this in /r/Alcoholism_Medication
Check out /r/Alcoholism_Medication.
I have experience with this! Story time:..Antabuse absolutely changed my life...I was really struggling with locking down any consistent sober time and I was also dealing with withdrawals kindling and diagnosed alcohol induced anxiety disorder. I was under the supervision of a therapist and psychiatrist but still really struggling. ..Rehab also wasn't an option for me because of insurance. I also wasn't finding AA that helpful on its own. I had tried Naltrexone and the Sinclair Method but wasn't able to really whip myself into shape on it. ..After my last relapse I went into the ER for five days to detox and get my psych medication straightened out and I asked to be put on Antabuse for when I got out. ..It is the *only* thing I have ever tried that let me string some solid and consistent sober time together. I know everyone says that real alcoholics will drink anyway on it or not take it. ..But for me it allowed me to put a few days at a time together finally and I started to feel better and get better slowest. If I knew I was going to have cravings I would take the pill. ..Knowing that the booze wasn't going to work anymore forced me to finally start to sit with uncomfortable emotions and really start to dig in and address them. ..I have about nine months now and I don't take it anymore with any consistency but I feel that using Antabuse as a tool in my recovery really helped propel me to a better place where other tools like therapy and exercise could finally start working. ..Best of luck and happy to answer any questions.
i used antabuse and it was great. highly recommend talking to a doctor about it.
