-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bp8qnu/back_from_a_relapse/

So today is day 1 again. I don't know why I drank but I have. Well I do know why it's because I wanted to. I'm hoping this time I make it I don't know as I've got another relapse in me. Anyway just wanted to let myself be known.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello...Thank you for sharing. I am happy you posted so you can get support...I too relapsed many times. I had to look in the end at what was I going to do different to stay sober. ..I had to learn 1 day at a time I could stay sober. I had to be willing to change. Change my negative thinking to positive thinking. I had to mix with sober alcoholics and listen to how they got and stayed sober. ..Once I leaned these things and put in daily effort the desire and need to drink left me. Now not every one will have an experiance like this but I see many sober people each week. ..I hope these thoughts can help you to be able to get and remain sober. ..Your Friend John         
We ALL have another relapse in us. It's about 4 inches away sitting on the bar. .But today I fully have faith that I don't have to take that drink if I do a few simple things.
Hi there! Welcome back. I'm glad you're here. I understand this. Relapse is so close I can smell it. I have been hovering around a  pre  lapse myself. I can feel it. I'm newly sober and to the program with 85 days but I have a lot going on personally and I also am in the midst of trying to change sponsors...so a lot of change. The best thing I can do is double down on meetings (I'm going to 2 a day atm) talk to others in the rooms share how I feel and ask my HP for help. But this shit is hard. And I just wanted to say keep coming. That's what I'm going to do. And I'm not going to drink today. Why don't you join me?  
Did you have a sponsor?  What step were you on?  ..What's going to be different this time?
I believe the urge to seek sobriety is a gift. Congratulations you have already done the hardest part..I drank for many reasons but the kicker was always the mental obsession. The little voice that says "one or two won't hurt me"..Now when I hear that particular voice I know it's my alcoholism..It may always be there because I am an alcoholic. And that's ok. I have a disease and I can live with that. .Today is a good day.
