-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bqc7wx/want_to_go_to_meetings_but_to_nervous/

When I'm drunk I always tell myself I'll get better and go to a meeting in the morning. But then when I wake up I'm like  fuck it I wont get drunk again  but then I get drunk again. I've been drinking almost everyday for 30+ days. I'm only 21 and am struggling...I want to go to meetings I want help but it's so hard to push myself to do it when I'm sober and it seems so much easier to do it when I'm drunk...I don't know what to do. I want to get better. I don't want to get drunk then wake up sober and regret everything I did the night before.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah it's hard to change. Unfortunately this is one of those things where the only way to get to the other side is to go through it- there's no way around it. I went to my first meeting when I was 21. That was a long time ago when you had to look up the number for AA in the yellow pages. I called and talked to a woman who told me about a meeting that night. I felt like I had made some sort of commitment to her so I showed up. I heard something at that meeting that resonated with me so I showed up to another meeting the next night and took it from there...The thing about alcoholism is that it's progressive and fatal. If you are an alcoholic eventually the pain and the negative consequences of living with alcoholism will outweigh the potential discomfort of going to an AA meeting.
It's okay to go to a meeting hungover it happens a lot of people especially in the beginning .godbless .(((they serve coffee for a reason))))
In my opinion it's better to go to a meeting while drunk or high than not at all (as long as you don't drive).  Members tend to be very supportive and understanding and newcomers are considered to be the most important people at these meetings...I always feel that it's most important for me to go to a meeting when I really don't want to go.  This goes double for speaking at meetings too.  The beginning can be very difficult and I have nothing but the utmost respect for people who force themselves to got to meetings when it's the hardest...I hope the best for you OP.  It doesn't matter what state you're in at the meeting it's just important to be there.
In some areas if you request it someone will come and collect you and take you to the meeting. Please do het there my friend. It'll save your life.
Just started going now when to my first 2 meetings with a buzz. My first meeting my friend came with me
You have to take that plunge my friend. It's like standing on a dock in front of an ice cold lake. You know it will be uncomfortable to jump in maybe even painful at first. But it's the only way to get better...One thing I might suggest call your local central office and ask to speak to someone maybe you could go to a meeting  with them?
