-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/br1yzs/75_months_sober_and_struggling_w_loneliness_and/

I isolate because I don't want to be around anyone that is drinking or smoking because that intensifies my cravings. I am not hitting on girls or trying to date anyone because I've been told that in the first year of recovery you're not supposed to date. I am isolating because it seems that every social event I would have even a little bit of fun at everyone's drinking or smoking. The loneliness is creeping in and hitting me hard. Gonna meet with my sponsor soon to discuss. We're texting right now about it. Gonna try to find a meeting tomorrow as I've got the morning/afternoon free. (I'm traveling to see my mom right now.).I've been working out more which helps. And I went to a couple meetup groups but people were drinking there. Still had an okay time. Got a couple girls numbers that I just met out and about but both of them drink and one smokes weed so I don't wanna pursue them. Told my friend about it who I like and she encouraged me to keep steady on the path and just make friends in the first year as it's so early in the grand scheme of things. I just want a big long hug. And cuddles. It's rough man... I feel defeated sometimes. Like if I'm not going to get a girlfriend who could eventually be the mother of my kids what's the point of self-improvement? I know how stupid that sounds when I put it down in writing but it just seeps in and I can't help but get depressed. Had a good cry on the long drive this morning. I put my itunes songs on shuffle (over 2000 songs) and that damn  Tennessee Whiskey  song by Chris Stapleton song came on of course. ..Just need to get some kind of feedback. Any kind of feedback. Don't sugar coat anything for me. Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

find sober friends
Life doesn't get better we get better. Meetings meetings and more meetings. Be around like minded people. Learn to be ok with yourself first. It will come. Not as fast as you want but faster than you think. Sending you an internet hug. Peace brother.
Sounds like your missing the fellowship.  What step are you on?
Sounds like your missing the fellowship.  What step are you on?
As I was told at 7 to 10 months...you are right where you should be!  Thanks for sharing my friend. ..I had been drinking and using for so long I didn't know how to live day to day without it. It does get better but not overnight. If I put ANYTHING ahead of my sobriety before I've done the work I'm the one who is unable to have a "healthy" relationship. Can't take care of another if unable to take care of ourselves. I've found getting to meetings 15 - 20 minutes early and staying a little afterwards can really help. I found talking *outside of the actual meeting helps me get to know them and them me. I had given up things I enjoyed (like shooting billiards) because I could no longer maintain a high-functioning life drinking. Started isolating and drinking alone. Found out there were people I knew from the meetings who loved pool as much as I. Yes-I used to be pretty good!  At about 9 months I was able to join them for a night of sober pool. Never enjoyed a game so much!!!  ..Try finding if any in your fellowship is interested in some of the things you enjoy. Or come here and we can chat or whatever. ..It not only gets better...it can be so good you would never have been able to imagine it. I came to stop dying from drinking. I stayed to live life and find joy. Good luck. Keep me posted! :)
I love when people say  don't sugar coat it . The no dating in the first year is to help you get to know and love yourself better before you do that with a stranger. You can have sex but with how fresh your feelings are you're sobriety will be dictated on your new relationship and that is the issue...And I know the loneliness. My wife drinks. My friends drink. My family drinks. It took a lot of time and work to  be able to be around them. It doesn't necessarily get easier but I've gotten better at knowing when I can and can't hang out with them.
