-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/br3l9c/3_years_6_months_11_days/

Hey all. I'm brand new to Reddit and brand new to this subreddit. Needless to say this is my very first time posting anywhere.  I was an active member of Alcoholics Anonymous for the first year of my sobriety had a sponsor went through the steps with her believed I had a spiritual awakening and life was incredible. Life is still incredible- sometimes. I have completely changed from who I used to be before I stopped drinking and using. I have moved a lot and found it incredibly difficult to sink my teeth into a new home group and find a new sponsor. I have made-do without going to meetings (regularly) for about 2 years now.   .I also have been struggling mentally with some family issues and some mental health issues of my own recently. I was at the grocery store grabbing a few things with my girlfriend 2 days ago and became hyperaware of the fact that they had Somersby hard apple cider- one of my past favourite drinks- on display at the end of the JUICE AISLE. Grocery stores all over Canada are now rolling out alcoholic beverages in full swing something I wasn't used to before I got sober...Anyway I became incredibly anxious and overwhelmed. I remembered how much I loved the taste of it. I would buy a case and sit up in my room in my parents' attic and chug them. As soon as I saw them I felt the need to buy one. I knew my girlfriend wouldn't let me but I think if I was alone I might have. It freaked me out so badly. Relapse isn't a part of my journey thus far and I am a really loud advocate for sobriety and wellness in my life. I can't imagine what people would think of me if they saw me drinking again. But the taste was so sweet so good. The buzz was so good. I thought cravings would go away this far along down the road of sobriety but I was wrong. I almost cried at how badly I wanted to drink. I speed-walked to the sparking water aisle looking for something to quench my thirst. I could barely talk. I've never experienced a craving so bad like that before and I can't stop thinking about it...Sometimes it just feels so easy to just say "fuck it" and take a drink. So easy to just do that knowing you'll lose all the amazing things you have accumulated in your life. It's the easy way out and I feel so ashamed that I still think about it sometimes. I know how bad my drinking was and that logically I never want to go back there and life would be terrible but isn't it so freeing to just live in rock bottom for a while? That sweet release of a blackout drunk. Not having to deal with things head-on like we do. It's so much easier. ..I don't know where I'm going with this I just wanted to put it out there in the universe somewhere...Thanks for reading if you did.
----------immediate responses--------

3 years 6 months and 11 days that is a miracle. I'm 2 years 3 months and 7 days.  .I just came here to say I read what you said. I hear you and me too sometimes. Thank you for posting.
Thank you for sharing. Just shows how cunning baffling powerful it is. I personally have to go to meetings to remind myself. Please go to a meeting. Meeting makers make it !
 I'm at about a year and 9 months and I've had a few cravings but none as bad as yours sounds.  The grocery stores where I live just started selling wine and the liquor stores stay open later now too. So far I've been able to ignore it. My last days of drinking might be more fresh on my mind than yours are to you. It was horrible. I'd rather die than go through that again. I don't think of cravings as something shameful though. We're alcoholics of course we'll have cravings. Also that thing we read about how many of us try to find any easier softer way? This is the easiest softest and only effective way that I've found in 10+ years of searching. I hope you can find a new home group soon!
