-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bs56g5/struggling/

So to make a long story short started going to AA when I was in rehab which I was in for 2 months after spending a month in jail due to my 2nd DUI. I'm now in a halfway house and will be at 6 months sober in a little over a week. I'm on step 9. ..I live only about 40 minutes away from my close friends who still drink. But they are very supportive of my sobriety and are very encouraging. I haven't really been able to see them because they all work during the week and my license is suspended so getting down there is difficult...I plan on moving back to that area after im done in halfway (hopefully by September) but my therapist and parents worry I won't have a sober support network down there and will fall back into my old habits. I talked to my sponsor and he said while it's up to me he believes we need a year of healing before being around alcohol and the people we used to drink with...It's just really been bothering me to hear stuff like that. I left my old job for one that pays like $10 and hour agreed to go to halfway and have done everything suggested to me. The one thing I really want is to get back to the friends that I really enjoyed being around and to just stay sober. I haven't really met a group of guys out here that I really feel connected to and they're just not the same friendships that I have already established back home. I dont want to feel like i'm letting anyone down by making this move but I really don't want to stay in the area I'm currently in either. It just feels like I'm getting pushed to stay in this area where if i'm going to be honest I'm not really happy in. Things could change sure but as of right now I'd like to move in a few months...I guess I'm just venting here but want to see if anyone has any input/similar experiences. FWIW I don't think about alcohol or smoking pot at all really or have cravings. I really just want to move on. Thanks for reading all this and thanks in advance for any responses.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;but want to see if anyone has any input/similar experiences..What you're going through is really common in early recovery. Lots of people have to make the hard choice to stay away from their old environment for an extended period of time even though that often involves the struggles of looking for work and making new friendships in a new place. Of course those challenges are also learning opportunities that can strengthen your recovery...Your sponsor is right- ultimately where you live is up to you. But I would suggest keeping in mind that when people like your therapist and your sponsor advise you not to move back to your old city they're not saying it as a reflection of what they think *you* can or can't do they're saying it based on patterns that they've seen over and over and over. People get out of rehab they feel great everything's going good they maybe spend some time in second stage housing and then they want to move back where they used to live and lots of them end up drinking and using again. Not all of them of course but definitely enough that anyone who works in the rehab/treatment/addiction counselling world immediately gets nervous when they hear someone say that the plan is to go back home. A few I knew from treatment who followed this plan died...Either way it does sound like you're doing the right thing by working the steps with your sponsor and talking to him about big decisions like this. If you do decide to move make sure you connect with AA in your new city right away. People becoming disconnected from AA and starting the backslide into drinking often coincides with a relocation.
I don't know if anyone here can tell you a definitive answer. Keep in mind that a sponsor a therapist a parent etc. is one individual with one perspective and one opinion. The best answer for you might be a combination of perspectives. ..In getting sober I did not cut out my (supportive) party friends as I was told to do because I realized that they were a huge source of support and if I stopped seeing them I would further isolate myself. ..You know what happened? I realized that they were way more than just party friends and I would not be sober without them. ..But I did cut out people who made me feel bad about myself made me feel erratic or I felt like sucked up too much mental energy. Some people are mad at me right now about that but everything has a price including being sober. ..This sounds like a situation that calls for some real soul searching. I've had therapists parents and other authority figures give me terrible advice. I've also badly hurt myself on my own. ..A year goes by really fast. But if you're not feeling good about yourself or where you are at it can be stagnant and that's also a detriment to your sobriety. ..I think if you move though you need to have a plan for how you're going to stay sober. Mine was that I take Antabuse go to therapy twice a week and keep my social circle small and stick with people who know and support my recovery. I have a list of people I can call and places I can go if things get bad.
I've found that our old ways of living hold a certain amount of gravity that hangs along for a long time after getting sober. The old friends old hangouts drinking buddies will always be a temptation to drink. Until you have eliminated the obsession of the mind by working all 12 steps these environmental influences can be powerful and dangerous for early sobriety. You're an adult and you will make the decision that is best for you but my humble advice would be to put a bit of distance between yourself and your old environment for a while. Your friends will understand and if they don't then they aren't real friends.
I realized that I didn't have much in common with my old drinking buddies after I quit drinking. ..What I did find in AA was a new batch of friends who I had lots in common with.  It was a good trade. ..I used to think there was something magic about a year.  There is not but there is magic in the steps.  Check out the 10th and 12th step promises.
