-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bshj4u/is_it_relapsing_because_i_had_1_beer/

Hi..Over the last 6 months I admitted i had a drinking problem. My drinking wasnt an every day thingit was mainly ThursdayFriday and Saturday evenings and most of the time I would drink to excess9 out of 10 times the times I was drinking with my partner they where good but over the course of time arguments ensued and the times went from 9 out of 10 to 8 to 7 so I decided to curb it. I join a treatment centre as an out patient and did groups etc that was 6 months ago...Over the entire course I always maintained that I wanted to control my drinking so that I was happy and in control of who I wasI never said I wouldn't drink again and maintained that i would if the time was right...The other night i went out with an old friend i havent seen in a long time and at the dinner i had a beeri hadnt planned on it but it was so good and nice to reminisce with my friend the time felt right to enjoy a beer as a responsible drinker. That was itI had the beer and throughly enjoyed it and didnt have anything but coffee for the rest of the evening...Over the course of my treatment I have maintained an open and honest discussion with my partnerI told her about the fun i had and how I felt the time was right to have a beer...Shes upset and feels I have relapsed I understand her concerns and she only wants what's best but in my honest opinion I feel I  haventI had the beer enjoyed and am not looking to have another anytime soon. Which is what I have always wanted control over it...Can I have peoples opinions please?.Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

AA is about total abstinence so drinking one beer is a relapse. ..I didn't see anything in your post about your working the program of AA; if you're working some other program controlled drinking may be ok.
You should check with the treatment clinic you attended to see what they think.
Just remember Tradition 3.
Up to you.  If your definition of yourself includes the idea that you do not drink at all then yes you relapsed.  If you are still figuring yourself out then it's up to you.
Yes it's a relapse.
Technically you slipped.  Today its I just drank with a friend with coffee next its oh i can drink with friends once a month next its ah okay i can drink on fridays than before you know it you drunk all weekend again...I can see someone downplay a beer it seems so innocent but you aren't just anyone you are someone who attended an out patient because you had a problem for you it is a big deal for a normal person it isn't a big deal...It's fun to replace words sometimes replace the word beer with crack and see how you feel about your sentiment...All I am saying is quit downplaying this you messed up don't normalize it your attitude towards it is going to be the deciding factor next time you have opportunity.
I'm honestly not sure if an semantic argument about whether one beer qualifies as a relapse is the right approach to your specific situation because it sounds like there is more going on...What I mean by that is that it doesn't sound like you entirely want to completely abstain but your wife does want that and therefore you are in two different places. ..I would use it as an opportunity to reevaluate what your values are around alcohol are. I'm an alcoholic and controlled drinking has never worked for me. But your mileage may vary. ..I had a relapse about nine months ago after being sober for two months and it *destroyed me*. I felt like all the hard work I had done was washed away and I felt worse than dirt. It was really unnecessary...Drinking a beer doesn't reset the work you have done and I learned that having a bender didn't erase all the care I had put into myself. But be honest with yourself about what your goals are and what your values are in this situation.
Your partner is scared. If you have been diagnosed as having alcoholism or Alcohol Use Disorder then the goal is no alcohol. None. ..I don't think we have any idea how our drinking affects those who love us. Your partner apparently understands your situation better than you do. She knows that you are being treated for a serious deadly disease and yet you are still dabbling with drinking. ..On this occasion you had one beer but maintaining control over time is probably going to fail even though you now think are  in control...Your partner is scared and understandably.
Sounds like a relapse to me. Minor one but a relapse nonetheless.
The absolute worse thing that can happen to an alcoholic in recovery after he has just one drink is nothing.
This is why having a beer and getting away with it is often the worst thing that can happen to an alcoholic...Next time around consider not wasting time and $ on treatment and instead just doing all the AA stuff.
You had a slip not a relapse. If you start destructively drinking again that's a relapse. Dust yourself off and keep going with sobriety.
It's your health and your recovery..If you share it with all expect some blowback..If it gets worse you'll have something to learn..You don't have to be honest with us only with yourself..I know you've been juggling 4 balls at once just realize you've just lit them on fire too.
up to you. i used to drink quite similar to you. love a beer ahh. but i could handle it never lost a job or relationship over it i told myself. never drove under influence etc. went on for 15 years my health getting worse and worse btw. i drank because i wanted to submerge myself from reality rather than meeting reality itself. i drank fast especially on a friday night i drank to get drunk lover it alcohol just numbs out evrything for me smooths and lullabies away all my troubles the world seems a better place after two beers doesn't it? i feel like a new man and that new man wants another beer. so honestly i can't control my desire to turn one beer into 6 or 7. as soon as i have that first one i'm gonna want another until i'm full. but every so often and i don't know why i get a raging thirst and i'm off. gone. all bets are off other than i may get very very disoriented and fall asleep somewhere unsafe...AA gets that and some treatment centre's gonna charge you up to pussyfoot around that central truth. you need to be humble and honest with your self first: something in your behaviour got out of hand and you had to access treatment? the first drink is the problem...i've been abstinent for 18 months one day at a time and i'm sounding harsh on you but i'm talking to myself. relapse is one left turn away from a liquor store or a bar for me. that's all it takes and once that door's ajar it's easy easy for alcohol to shoulder it's way in. AA gets it. the format gets it and allows you to be non-participatory and just listen. what AA doesn't know about addiction is not worth knowing...get down to an AA meeting.  think about yourself while you listen to other people do the same out loud. look for similarities to you in their stories not differences. do you want to change your life or are you deceiving yourself about your alcohol use? if you wanna sub-divide the atom on whether you're a  problem drinker' or an  alcoholic' go ahead. put some time in the mix. i imagined myself 60 years old in some bar staring into my beer glass and wondering what the fuck happened to my life because i started hammering alcohol in my early 30s and never stopped and my life vanished in beer. work booze sleep. boom gone i'm dead...life without alcohol is great. AA promised me something and i kept faith with it. hope based on actual reality and plans rather than feverish pissdreams. i can cope with life stress and my decision making in tough relationship times has been very clear. ..that's why one beer is a relapse for me. the first drink is the problem.
It's clear that you and your partner are on very different pages when it comes to what the goal is here. Why is that?..I can tell you that when I was drinking I had little comprehension of the real effect that my behavior had on my loved ones. Maybe your partner is scared for a good reason? You did say that you started to fight more and more before you stopped drinking. Something to consider...
