-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bsp6de/is_it_okay_to_attend_aa_for_the_support_and/

I was in AA for a little under a year and I really liked the meetings and talking with other sober people but I hated working the steps. I felt like the book was hard for me to relate to and working the steps made me feel gross. I started feeling so shitty from the process that I relapsed about halfway through stopped going to meetings and have been drinking off and on ever since. I'm tempted to go back to AA but only because I miss the social aspect of it. I do not want to work the steps. I'm seeing a therapist and I don't want to tell all of my secrets to anyone else. It just makes me uncomfortable. Is that allowed? Do other people do this?
----------immediate responses--------

There's a saying around AA "*take what you need and leave the rest*". If you have a desire to stop drinking then you belong at AA. If stepwork isn't for you don't work the steps. I have an AA meeting I go to once the week for the exact same reason as you and I neither have the steps nor have a sponsor.
AA is for people who want to stop drinking and can't do it on their own. That said you could go to meetings.  I'd feel awkward like the person who went to the football but didn't like football.  ..Sounds like your track record for success isn't stellar since you quit participating in AA.  Mine wasn't either I had to reconsider doing it my way.
It's absolutely allowed. ..It's also (in my experience) pretty common to hear stories about people who attended meetings for years before deciding to work the steps. And then they worked them. Those stories are possible because it's allowed. ..Maybe you'll find your way into them later from a different angle with a different sponsor (I did and it was a completely different experience). Maybe you'll find your way without them. Either way you get to take what you like and leave the rest. ..And if anyone gives you shit tell  em you're not up for the steps right now but you're still here to listen. They'll back off.
This is why AA is no longer just for true alcoholics and the rooms are filled with people who simply have random moments of alcohol abuse. It's a really dangerous line honestly. I've only met a handful of real alcoholics who were physically dependent on alcohol. I've been in the rooms since i was 19 and I'm 31 now and def have all the alcoholic characteristics and emotional tendencies but then again a lot of people who aren't alcoholics i know do as well. It's very confusing. I've certainly been a black out drinker my whole career and have had many relapses but years of sobriety as well since 19 but it's a very tricky thing. I was heavily involved in YPAA and even spoke at conferences and 95 percent of us felt hopeless at one point in our drinking and using at a young age but that doesn't qualify anyone as being alcoholic. Basically the rooms of AA are not filled with true alcoholics is my point. It's weird as hell.
A person can get sober without working the steps it just makes it a lot harder than it needs to be.  ..As for attending meeting of course you can attend without working the steps.  I just recommend not discouraging others at the meeting to not do steps as well.  Most need them and need to be encouraged to do them.
I used another method to get sober and the fellowship of AA to maintain my sobriety. I have to plans to work the program. Just about everyone in my group knows I don't work the steps but accept me anyway.
In the forward to the second edition of the Big Book of AA on page Roman numeral xx.. Of alcoholics who came to A.A. and really tried 50% got sober at once and remained that way; 25% sobered up after some relapses and among the remainder those who stayed on with A.A. showed improvement. Other thousands came to a few A.A. meetings and at first decided they didn't want the program. But great numbers of these - about two out of three-began to return as time passed.'..This was written in 1955. AA was addressing this demographic a very long time ago and didn't find any problem with these people back then just as AA finds no issue with them now...AA has formal traditions that protect itself as a whole from the individual. The Fifth Tradition is  The only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking.  I am a member when I say I am a member. Period. No one can ask you to leave. ..Welcome to AA. I'm glad you're here. I hope you find the relief you need. Please keep coming back.
Scheesh I'm just trying to carry a message to someone suffering and you're over here splitting traditional hairs. Thanks FriendOfDrBob. .Cheers.
Certainly it's allowed.  The hope being of course that eventually you'll see the value in doing the program.  None of us want to force it on you and have you half-ass it that'll just build resentments.  A lot of people are just there to socialize.  We can tell.  There may be some thumpers that express displeasure over it but don't worry about it those of us that do work the program piss them off at times as well.  Feel free to blow it off...However do keep in mind that the purpose of the meetings is to discuss experience strength and hopes from those who are actively working the program.  If you are called on to share be honest that you don't work the program or just pass.  There should be no judgement towards those who just listen.  And to my mind if you are sober then you are entitled to pick up chips.  Those mark time in sobriety not time in sobriety while working AA.
As was explained to my early on when the alcoholic stops drinking a vacuum is created. Something else will get sucked in to replace that void created...After getting sober and reviewing my past I found this to be o'-so-true when in my early 20s I completely put away the drug use and became... a full time alcoholic ha!..So twenty years after &amp; then in my early 40's I'd hit bottom with the booze same as with did with the drugs. A.A.'s spiritual kindergarten (as Bill W. called it) opened up wide the door for a way of life I could not only accept but employ in my daily life. ..The void has been refilled with the gift of contented sobriety and so much more. ..Whatever way one wishes to fill the void with is up to that person. Example is my next-door neighbor &amp; long time sober friend who went back to his church and found his "way" there...We in A.A. must remember that our's is not the only way to sobriety that we do not hold an exclusive key to recovery. We can only be examples for what has worked for us. And this indeed includes singularly each of us in A.A. with his/her way of utilizing what is offered here. . .Which of course counters those of in AA who basically state without specifically saying so that if... "You Don't Do It This Way You Will Drink Again!!" And that not only is bullshit it is a detriment. And no wonder the moniker "AA-nazi" came to be. ..Bill W. stated "...we must remember that AA's Steps are suggestions only. A belief in them as they stand is not at all a requirement for membership among us. This liberty has made AA available to thousands who never would have tried at all had we insisted on the Twelve Steps just as written." ... http://aaagnostica.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/A-Collection-of-Alternative-Steps-2012-07-09.pdf
It may be AA's dirty little secret but I'd say easily half of the people in a given meeting don't do the steps or made a start but didn't finish. A few people will do the steps after *years* of sobriety on meetings alone and they mostly say they wish they'd done them sooner...I can tell you I never did a formal 8/9 step amends process but I'll have 9 years sober next month. I don't need to read this thread to know that it's full of people saying  real  alcoholics can't recover if they don't work all steps with a sponsor who has a sponsor turn their life over to magical spirit/god that created and runs the universe (or whatever). That's not mine and many others' experience. The hard part is that in early recovery I couldn't trust my brain because it wants the endorphin rush of alcohol. So if someone who knows how to stay sober gave me suggestions based on what they did then I'm taking a big possibly dumb risk by saying  nah I'd rather not.  So for me at least I erred on the side of giving things a try. That's why I did steps (most of them anyhow) with a sponsor the AA way. I think the degree of involvement and accountability that gave me was extremely helpful and I'd recommend it to anyone who is a chronic relapser like I used to be.
For me the fellowship is the best thing about AA
IMO it is a big mistake to tell your deepest troubles to relatively new "friends" who are not bound to confidentiality by professional ethics and the laws. If one really feels the need to unburden themselves by telling their faults to another person they can go to Catholic confession. There is greater confidentiality there than even with a lawyer or therapist.
