-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bsxrjv/bringing_family_or_friends_to_closed_meetings/

I recently started leading a meeting at my home group and would like other's opinions on the best way to handle when people bring family or friends to closed meetings.  I want everyone to respect our closed meetings and only bring family or friends to open meetings but I also hate confrontation and hate the idea of kicking someone out of a meeting or embarrassing them in front of a group.  Also someone may really be struggling and really want their family or friends there for support.   Does anyone have any advice on the best way to handle this?
----------immediate responses--------

The closed meetings I have been to always mention upon opening it is CLOSED and meant only those for those that have a problem with alcohol. Maybe you can stress this a little more in your opening even including what closed vs open means. Don't look at anyone directly as you say it you're not calling anyone out just making sure everyone knows.  It's a delicate situation because you don't want to alienate someone that needs a meeting but you must also protect the group's decision to have a closed meeting.
A [closed meeting statement](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/f-17_primarypurposestatementcard.pdf) should be read at the start of every closed meeting.  An [open meeting statement](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/f-17_primarypurposestatementcard.pdf) should be read at the start of every open meeting.  That keeps the issue from coming up in the first place.  ..If you realize before the meeting that someone brought a non alcoholic to the meeting go talk to the alcoholic privately and let them know the difference between open and closed meetings.  If it comes up during the meeting let it go and then talk to them after the meeting.
For the people that didn't get the hint during the closed meeting statement we'll usually quietly say something after the meeting. I hate it though cuz I feel like the meeting is often a little awkward. ..Funny story. Recently I'm at this meeting that is every day and night at the same time 7 days per week. No reason to think it isn't a closed meeting. A guy brings his wife and she shares early in the meeting that she is there just to support him. I can see the room tense a little but he is obviously struggling so there is silent agreement to let it go and welcome them warmly. I plan on taking them aside after the meeting. .For some reason I decided to look in the local meeting book. That ONE meeting out of the 14 per week was labeled as open. I still don't know if that was a typo or if one of those meetings was intentionally left open. I was so relieved I looked and didn't make them feel unwelcome when they were following the rules! Lol.
Best thing I've seen is AlAnon having meetings st the same time as closed meetings mostly in the same place so that people can be directed to the right spot instead of making a scene.
Does this happen often?
I agree. The post-meeting one-on-one conversation is best. Avoid confrontation and be courteous and compassionate while offering an alternative if possible. Early on my sponsor taught me how to do those things well. I would have fumbled them badly if I had been left to my own devices or followed the advice of multiple sources. After time I developed my own way of addressing each situation.
