-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/btnk3a/im_desperate_and_dont_know_where_else_to_go_this/

I honestly don't know why I was so damaged way back when. I had a good childhood save for my parents divorce. But as hard as that was I never wanted for anything and experienced so much love. I was just so goddamn sensitive. But always optimistic. And naive. I always felt my problems started when I started drinking. The first night I drank I was poured about 7 shots of kamchatka in a cup with some orange juice and was told to chug it that's how you drink. That's how I always drank. From that point on I was troubled. Nothing of significance really happened...but I was constantly devastated. After that I left for college to find myself. My third weekend there drunken escapades happened and despite my insistence against it I lost my virginity. Whatever you call it it fucked me up further. I buried myself in more alcohol than I ever knew all while trying to crawl out of this growing despair I had grown to know. I tried meds got therapy partied delved into a world of God...anything to try to mend myself and stay college bound. I learned a lot about myself during those years but ultimately failed myself when I lost my chance at my education. I had 3 arrests on my record half a college degree no money and had distanced myself from my family. Luckily my best friends K and G were in my life and we all moved in together. I got a job in a retirement home that brought me back to life. I excelled at it despite my constant alcohol abuse. We lived a seemingly carefree year with some party drugs heartbreak and growth. I really felt I was finding myself. So we all up and moved to Florida. Why not? Unfortunately alcohol hindered me immensly in trying to get established in this new setting. All I could do was drink. So in desperation after running out of booze money I tried getting sober so I could manage to find work. And it worked! Through AA I quit drinking and even smoking weed and not even a month later was happily employed. I was on cloud nine believing I'd found the meaning of life. But with a paycheck I couldnt stay away from my poison. I relapsed. It was disheartening but I wasn't willing to give up. I stayed in AA picking up a white chip with every visit. I had a taste of a beautiful sober life that became clouded with constant inebriation. That's when I met R. He was so polite and in need...so I offered him my help. After all AA was all about service. This homeless boy charmed my broken heart and we started dating immediately. The third night we hung out he offered me meth. My drunk ass said hell yeah. And thus began R and I's journey together. We drank we drugged and we got by. It was never a good relationship and everything involved is a whole other story in itself but we knew loneliness and we had each other. Things got bad though. I really liked that meth he gave me and he really liked heroin. I tried desperately to leave R and go back to AA and find happiness. But he was very insistent and I preferred him and drugs over being alone. It became violent. I sank to his level. There's so much more I could get into but this is already way too long. Things got so bad though that K and G who loved me so much couldn't do it anymore and they moved into their own place. At this point I was so deep into drinking and drugging that I didn't line up a place to live. I became homeless with R. K who felt so guilty for leaving me to care for herself and will always be my best friend sold me her van. To this day I still owe her most of that money. But this awarded me the opportunity to live in my van which R and I much preferred over his camp. R and I have a whole story...but it ended when he overdosed for the last time. I was so lost. I was relieved. I was irreparably broken. I didn't want to be with him but I loved him and now he was gone. And I didn't help. I hurt him so much. So I did what any other addict would do and binged on meth for a while longer. When that stopped working and I accidentally did some heroin when I was too fucked up and I turned to one of R's connects for more. It was my beloved KJ. He was a fellow homeless resident of Orlando. But he was different. He like me dreamed of a better life and believed that he would get out of this mess. It took only 3 weeks before I needed a needle to get my high. A month after that I finally lost my job that was my only connection to the real world (and I had actually been excelling at with a promotion just before the heroin). So now I was homeless AND jobless which is a whole different story. I panhandled on the streets for money to get my high. I didn't want to but if I didn't I would get sick and believe me you don't want to experience heroin withdrawals. I ODed. They said I was dead for ten minutes before they brought me back to life. I almost quit after that went through the withdrawals for days and everything but the second I got my hands on money I was back on it. KJ ODed too. Everything was so scary. I was sure I would join R soon. I almost wanted to. I always have in a sense and still haven't shook that feeling. But by a miracle KJ and I had had enough and reached out to my mom who bailed me out yet again. She provided us the funding to drive 1000 miles away from our connects and force ourselves into a better life. It worked! We stopped drugging and KJ and I were so in love. Without my drugs though I turned back to alcohol. It was rough but so much better than the other life I had been living. However before we even had time to get fully on our feet I discovered I was pregnant. Great I didn't even think I was fertile. I was not prepared for this. I wished it not to be true. It was real. I was going to have a baby. KJ is the most supportive man I've ever met so we decided I would keep the baby and we would figure everything out together. I knew it was far-fetched but I believed with my whole heart we would make this work. I even quit drinking. Nothing has ever made me stop drinking like this but I knew I had to for my baby. I became hopeful again even if I was unsure about the timing of it all. My pregnancy was rough with constant morning sickness throughout. And towards the end KJ admitted to me he was falling out of love with me. It was the unthinkable. I wouldn't have even kept the baby if it wasn't for him. How could he do this to me? I felt like I had to start all over yet again. Until I had my baby shower. That's when it actually resonated with me that this baby was coming and it wasn't all about me anymore. And boy was I excited! I suddenly loved this baby more than I even knew possible. I became ready for his birth in every way and extremely hopeful for a better future with him though there was always a nagging feeling in my mind about being able to drink after he was born and how badly I didn't want to be an alcoholic mom. This is where the story is too raw to be told yet but... My baby was born May 23 2019 at 7:54pm 7lbs 5oz. He died May 25 2019 at 6:30pm. I don't know if I want to know the ending to this story.
----------immediate responses--------

If you want to stop drinking and can't do it on your own AA has a way.  A great way to get started is to go to 90 meetings in 90 days get a sponsor and take the steps.
Unfortunately life continues whether or not we drink or use.  I'm sorry for your loss. ..I suggest calling your local AA business office. I can get a number for you if you need. Ask for a 12th step volunteer to contact you. I truly believe (even if AA turns you off) that this is probably the best start for you. Let them help you get back into your cloud nine place. This is way too much for one person to handle. ..Sending warm hugs your way!!!
Imagine you're five years sober getting your shit together and a someone who could be a younger version of you walks into the room ready to die. Imagine for a second that you introduce yourself and this person makes eye contact with you (the first person she's made eye contact with in who knows how long) and she knows she's found someone who understands. Imagine sharing your story and being able to tell her that it's going to be okay and you know it to be true because it happened to you and you see a spark of hope in her eye. Gratitude isn't about feeling happy about what we have; gratitude is about being the best version of ourselves and giving freely too anyone we can help. That's what's waiting for you on the other side of the AA door. That and so much more: healing laughter love and a life beyond your wildest dreams. I know it seems impossible. I know because when I walked in on the last day of my life (I was going to kill myself later that night) I met someone who had something in their eyes that have me a spark of hope.
&gt; Without my drugs though I turned back to alcohol...This. I did exact same thing. Until alcohol took me down even further than drugs. ..Then desperate also same as yourself with not knowing what to do because I could not stop drinking I too asked for help which led me to A.A. ..Which is what you are doing here. Asking for help and good on you for that this is a big leap...From what you wrote I feel a compassionate loving caring person coming through. Indeed for we alcoholics are not evil people we suffer from a malady that has us make wrong choices. Which then only compounds our inner suffering. Simple as that. ..So nope in AA we are not a bunch of evil demons trying to be holier than heck saints. We're just otherwise normal people from all walks of life with a workable pathway of getter better by getting and staying sober with contented sobriety. And even more so by learning to walk through every day life and even life's toughest hardships with a measure of serenity without the need or want to drink. ..This is what AA has to offer. We're here to help indeed as our primary purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics achieve sobriety... Do so hope you take the ext step in asking for help by finding some A.A. meetings near you and start going to them. (Google works good for this).  ..Lastly want to say am glad to read you wrote "desperate". For we call this the "gift of desperation" actually. And can personally attest to be so as desperation is what it took to which me led to the gift of sobriety. And you can have the same. Best on you.
There is no bad situation that can't be made worse by using/drinking.
Go to 90 meetings in 90 days find a sponsor and work the steps.
Quite a story. Good luck friend
As a mom my heart breaks for your loss. I don't even know how I would move on and process the grief I would feel. And I'm so so sorry to hear that your son did not survive. That is the ultimate worst blow dealt and I'm sending you a huge hug for even writing out your story and for reaching out for help. ..First off I'm newly sober and to AA. I only have a little over 3 months. But I found AA because I was desperate. And I guess this is good. Because I wanted to change so badly I was willing to do anything. I went to my first women's meeting and I did what one kind woman suggested. 90 meetings in 90 days and to find a sponsor. I told myself that it I didn't feel any better or I hated it after 90 days I'd simply stop going. No harm no foul. I mean what did I have to lose. My life was awful and I hated myself. ..So here I am at day 96 and I've been to about 140 meetings. I was so eager for it at first. I could not get enough. I soaked it all up because I felt like I had finally found a place where I wasn't the worst shit show in the room. And it was truly okay to NOT be okay in there. I was surrounded by support and love. I'm still having a hard time dealing with my feelings and emotions because I feel like I stunted them for a long time. But I don't feel as much panic and self hatred these days. If you haven't checked out an AA meeting I'd definitely recommend it. They are not all about God cult-like or whatever you may have heard. I went in thinking the same pre-judgements. But I was so wrong. Good luck.
Thank you. I know if anything AA is a start and I honestly have a lot of faith in the program...it's just the actual doing that is the problem and a lack of faith in myself
Keep coming back it works if you work it. Stay strong
