-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/btnob5/im_5_today_5_years_sober_from_alcohol_and_drugs/

For anyone interested here's my story and a few thoughts on recovery in the last section of my "sermon" lol...April 2014 after 14 months of recovery I relapsed after I steadily stopped going to as many meetings and focused more on work. I had convinced myself it was mind over matter and within a week I was back to my old alcoholic way of drinking and it got worse from there. Back to the old endless thought of I can drink today and stop tomorrow on and on. Got very sick and really the only thing that gave me a window of opportunity to take action was how fast my tolerance went up how difficult it was to hold down alcohol food water anything and on May 26th somewhere in the midst of an 18 pack of Coors of all things I had my last one...May 27th 2014 was 5 years ago already and in that time I've turned all my old chips in worked the steps earned them all back and then some. While still detoxing about a week after my sobriety date at 31 years of age I started a new journey in school summer session "psychology 1" in Community College. I worked very hard in school I took no short cuts I sat up front and took notes I did well and I stayed sober. The summer of year one was a hard one as my dear friend a girl I might have married had things turned out a little different Michelle died due to organ failure caused by alcoholism at 36 years old. I was able to be by her side that night at the hospital because I was sober may she rest in peace. That week following I completed step 12 with my sponsor and I carried on in school. A lot has happened since then I got to prove to myself that I wasn't that F student high school drop out anymore over the years to come and I stayed sober a day at a time. In that time I earned two associate degrees one even in "alcohol and drug studies" if you can believe that which I think is hilarious. I transferred to my top choice 4 year university and studied there and then I graduated with a bachelors in psychology last year...My father was diagnosed with advanced lung cancer from smoking last year not long before I graduated and he got to be there at that ceremony it meant the world to both of us I think and my Mom too even my sponsor was there. I sat right next to another member of this very fellowship at that commencement we took classes together from community college through university and we both graduated that day summa cum laude not bad for a couple of alcoholics. Now she's in a masters of marriage and family therapy program at her top choice grad school and I'm in a master of social work program at my top choice grad school at an internationally recognized tier 1 research university with one year left to go. I am pursuing my dreams and a future that I never would have never had had I not been an alcoholic and worked the steps of this recovery program. I love the life recovery has given me today and I intend to make the most of it. I just hope that maybe you or maybe someone new can read my story and find some hope because when I came in I never thought I'd be a person to take a birthday chip someday. Actually I thought you were all a bunch of religious weirdos in a cult and thankfully I was wrong and it took me really learning about the program to get it and accept it...I wouldn't change anything about my life I'm grateful for all of it today. Early recovery is hard and the life that precedes recovery is often so sad it's no wonder many of us were willing to consider suicide to escape. I have come to believe that we have a potential of sorts a source of energy a kind of growing capacity generated in the void of the emptiness that is life in addiction. It is the inverse of recovery like the dark side of the moon but I believe it conceals something very powerful we cannot see. It is there all along if we can only reach that fork in the road to access the moment of clarity and take the path that is right there for us. My journey since then I swear every door opened and a stone appeared before each step of the of the way on this path. For many of us we must reach the end to find a beginning it's beautiful and almost sort of hard to believe how these things are true about life but they are. Thanks to everyone here who has been supportive over these years you are family to me and I love you guys. There's no people on earth who have the depth heart and humor of all of you and I plan to stick around for more to come one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 5 years and thank you so much for that powerful share. Real life is not easy and there's always the chance of real sorrow lurking just around the corner. We learn though to meet adversity head-on and trust our friends in AA and work our steps...One day at a time my friend. Stay well.
Happy birthday (:
Happy birthday. Stick with it one day at a time.
I so so needed to read this today. I'm in early sobriety and it's honestly the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I don't know who I am. I feel so out of sorts and I am in the midst of changing sponsors so I just feel like of like a flag flapping in the wind. It's such an uncomfortable feeling for me. And I got some real  tough love  from a lady at the meeting this morning that kind of hurt. But that I guess I needed. Thanks for sharing. I just feel hopeless today. And that my silly 3 months is nothing. But you got to 5 years by doing one day at a time. And I'm getting to my next month by doing the same. I just have a bad case of  stinkin thinkin  today.
Thank you so much for your share. It reminded me that I'm never cured only in remission.
Thank you so much for sharing. Just that one sentence really hit the home for me. Thank you for my sobriety.
jeeze i identified with pretty much almost everything in this post. Some differences but the undertones very much there in terms of family relationships and being a workaholic. ..For me the hardest part is accepting my limits and resigning to the fact that i could also always be doing more too its a strange paradox to ponder...But damn this was awesome to read after a long day of work...thanks for posting this
Congratulations on your sobriety and all that you have accomplished!
Congratulations!!
Good job! You can do anything! I have a lot of days under my belt and quit smoking at my seven year sober mark!
The is for sharing! Truly an inspiring story. I thought AA was a cult too lol. Glad I stuck around because this program saved my life. I was on the precipice of losing it all: wife kids my life... So glad to hear of your successes. Happy birthday!
Hiya wow. Five years! Thank you for sharing your story with us. That's what birthdays are all about. I wouldn't have gotten sober and clean if it weren't for people like you and now like me sharing their stories. ..I too used to think that sobriety and AA was a bunch of weirdos. Looking back now I have to laugh. There I was drinking a ton of vodka a day passing out most of the day and I had the sense to call someone weird? Geez. That's what our disease does to us...Anway happy birthday. I hope you got lots of cake!!! And congrats on the cigs too! I am on year four of vaps and I am just about to quit those.
Good job !
Thank you for sharing your story. Congratulations. That's amazing. It definitely moved me. I think it should be featured in the big book. I had a little more than 30 days sober and then relapsed about a month ago. I'm trying to find my way back and every day I definitely plan for this to be the last day I drink. I'm so afraid of the withdrawals. I'm so afraid of not knowing how to live life and afraid that this  cult  although it is a good cult (lol) could never really save someone like me. The last time I detoxed in the hospital after I just passed out while standing in a parking lot with nobody around who knew or cared about me. I smashed my face busted my teeth and suffered a bilateral jaw fracture. For the rest of my life I will have to look in the mirror and see those scars and remember but that wasn't enough to keep me sober. I'm lucky I didn't die. Detoxing was the scariest thing I've ever been through. It was pure hell. It took a week before I could walk or even safely stand up without being dizzy and very unsteady. I did not recognize myself. I didn't think I could ever be in that situation. I'm really disappointed in myself very ashamed. I've been praying all the time. I know there is hope. I don't like waking up. While I sleep it's the only time when I don't feel like I'm living in hell on earth but then I wake up feeling awful and thinking  nooo not again! How am I going to make it through this day?  I really do promise myself everyday that it's the last day but so far I haven't been able to keep that promise to myself.
