-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/alcoholicsanonymous/comments/bto4y3/firing_a_sponsee/

One of my sponsees relapsed after a long stretch of issues involving her not taking suggestion and having some serious boundary issues (following me hanging out outside my home and work  telling me she's in love with me getting extremely upset if I couldn't pick up her calls right away etc). ..I'm not surprised that she drank but I'm not sure how to move forward. My sponsor is out of town and out of range for another week so I'd like to hear what you guys have to say. ..I can't help but wonder if my motivations are selfish and if I should just suck it up and be of service but this sponsee really is sucking the life out of me and after months and months of trying to gently guide her into  more appropriate relationship expectations I think I'm spent. I wonder if someone else could help her more. ..Has anyone else had to fire a sponsee?
----------immediate responses--------

I had someone ask me to be their sponsor and I agreed. She was somewhat the opposite didn't answer calls or texts didn't make scheduled meet-ups etc. She also relapsed. ..When I discussed her with my sponsor she had me reflect on the thought: "Is she (the sponsee) sponsorable? Is she ready to go through the 12 steps?" I had to let go of her because she was clearly not yet ready to put in any of the work required to be a sponsee...In your case I don't think you should spend anymore emotions on this situation. They aren't clearly ready to put in the work to remain sober and you can do it for them.
A sponsee tellingly you that they love you and exhibiting stalking behavior is NOT HEALTHY. ..You should not sponsor this person. Someone else should.
I'd read page 96 and wait till my sponsor got back then discuss with my sponsor.
Never had to...the ones that don't do the stuff fade off soon enough. I would be cautious of making her feel rejected by firing her. A friend did that and sent the women into a spiral that ended with the nuke commiting suicide. Just tell her you're willing to talk to her after your regular meetings (if she also attends) and let nature take it's course.
After sitting in all those meetings hearing all those alcoholics talk about their sponsors who said the right thing at just the right time and had neverending patience and love I could not help but be full of fear when sponsoring somebody...I have calmed down now and my view of sponsorship is rather simple: it is a relationship at it's core this is all. Two people one hopefully sicker than the other in a relationship. If i think of it like this then i am not at all surprised when i have trouble i have ALWAYS had trouble in relationships...Many sponsors say from the podium " you're teaching me more than I'm teaching you " I think your sponsee troubles fall under that statement. The way to learn how to set boundaries and defend them is by having a selfish person keep stepping over them and having to correct them over and over...I do believe that if a sponsee angers me will not follow any directions and shows absolutely no sign of wanting to change then the relationship is not a healthy one and i should dissolve it but learning how to judge this is a lesson for me and i can certainly ask others to get their opinions...I had a sponsee who was using me for years for cigarettes and coffee and someone to talk to after the meetings he never wanted to get into the book or the steps even though i tried repeatedly. Eventually the relationship dissolved i hung in there for a good long time before i became aware he had been lying to me most of the time whenever i talked about the program i thought "oh maybe he's got wet brain and is groggy and that is why he doesn't seem to understand it was because he was trying to tell me what he thought i wanted to hear. Was that wasted time yes and no he was told the message over and over and some of it got in &amp; I am convinced he was an alcoholic  wearing people down is a tool we use a lot...I think just the fact that you and i ask ourselves " am i selfish to want to end this relationship?" is a fantastic thing it shows much progress. I have not found that the answer is usually black and white kind of grey until i look back on it and in hindsight i can see it clearer...I hope i'm making sense It is difficult to summarize all about firing sponsees. ..So what are we supposed to do when trouble arrives? Invite god in of course. So if you ask god to help you to be honest and not to be selfish with this pother person and you have tried everything you can think of and you have talked it over with others and you still feel that you cannot be of help and that continuing would only mean misery for you then it makes sense to sever ties...Through sponsoring others i did see that my controlling nature came up strongly I see it in other sponsors too. In those times when i am aware of it i try to step back and let go and see what happens...I remember arguing with a sponsee on a program point for a long time to the point i started getting angry i did not talk to him for a while because i was upset. A little while later i heard him say in his own words the very poin that i had been trying to get him to admit...." he got it!" i thought yay! but i couldn't help being a little upset that he had fought me so hard on it. ..Times like that I remember how hard i fought against the program with my sponsor and i left angry and disliking him  only to return later with a new frame of mind. I try to be as understanding and patient as i possibly can because it is very important. ..However i do not think i should fear firing a sponsee and think i was the reason they got drunk after no no that is their decision they could have gone to a meeting and talked to bob and whined to bob that "my old sponsor didn't understand me" and asked bob to be their new sponsor and worse yet they would stay sober with new sponsor bob and i would be shaking my head wondering what i did wrong nothing probably...I hope there was something useful in there.......
"i'm not surprised she drank". Well since you're cured why are you even going to meetings? Sounds like you got this program figured out. People like you are why I can't stand sponsorship. A sponsor is supposed to be someone who HELPS another alcoholic recover through working the steps. ..If you don't want to sponsor her tell her she's too much to handle. But don't expect other sponsees to respect you when you say "I'm not surprised she drank". Hell I dare you to tell your other sponsees you said that (assuming you even have other sponsees).
I've had only one sponsee I had to fire myself from bring his sponsor. (Hope you like the wording on that?!) ..Came about from a combination of factors..... Being friends with his elderly parents it was hard on me watching what he put them through. They were living only on social security with barely making ends meet and he's living with them. They even borrowed money from relatives to get him into a rehab but at the very last minute he refused to go.  ..Sponsee is his mid-50's and can only hold a job (when he is able to get one which is rare) until the first pay check. And then he'd drink that money away giving none to his parents not even for food. Also then lost those jobs by not showing up because of hangovers or showing up to work drunk. ..After 15-yrs in AA and not getting a year sober with usually sober only for a month or two when doing side-work for friends and neighbors to get some cash to go get drunk again this says something...Too he stalled out on the steps at Step 9. No amount of my urging could get him going again.  ..So I gave up when last time I asked him what his sobriety date was. He could not remember but I did. ..And that's when I came to terms with myself that yep Chrome you dumb-ass you're taking HIS sobriety more goddam importantly than he is!  ..So... honesty is all our affairs right? Right. So I told him all of everything I wrote here. Plus how I was not doing him any good being his sponsor if he couldn't follow through with my direction in doing the steps yet hopefully he will find another sponsor with whom he could. And how with his slips I was letting effect me yes that part is on me-- excuse my humanness. ..Lastly though I let him know that if he needed help with the steps that my door was always open. He's never called yet after two years ago now.
I have told sponsees that I couldn't be thier sponsor but for me it's usually about lying outright to my face repeatedly.  This is a program of rigorous honesty and if someone can't even try to be honest (I know and accept that we as addicts lie to ourselves all the time) then they would be better served by a different sponsor...&amp;#x200B;..I have someone in the group that I can refer them to and they will act as a temporary sponsor until they can sort themselves out.  I wouldn't leave anyone without sponsorship - that's just mean.
